And you can depend on me, son. Trust me.  Whatever comes we'll face it together, I swear.
Son--this is all happening so fast--
You'll learn as you get a little older, Jim.
You know you did wrong.  That's the main thing, isn't it?
Will you wait a minute?
Well--
You what?
You're absolutely right!
Well, just get it off your chest, son.
Will you let him tell it!
Sure--there was a bad accident there.  They showed the pictures on T.V.
Go ahead.
I just want to show you how foolish you are.  When you're older you'll laugh at yourself for thinking this is so important--
You know I never stop you from anything.  Believe me--you're at a wonderful age.  In ten years you'll look back on this and wish you were a kid again.
Well, now--
We'll make time.  Where's some paper.  We'll make a list and if we're still stuck then we ought to get some advice--
Listen--nobody should make a snap decision--This isn't something you just--we ought to consider all the pros and cons--
How'd that happen!  What kind of trouble you in?
I wouldn't do anything hasty. Let's get a little light on the subject.
Is there some kind of trick answer?
Shoot, Jimbo.
Listen--I took a steak out of the freezer.  I thought we could have a real old-fashioned stag party--just the two of us, what do you say?
You awake?
I better clean this up before she sees it.
Yeah!  Shh!
It's just this get-up.  The girl's out and I was bringing Mom's supper.
You thought I was Mom?
And listen--watch out about the pals you choose--Know what I mean? Don't let them choose you--
So long, young fella.  Knock 'em dead, like your old man used to!
My first day of school, mother'd make me eat and by golly I could never even swallow till recess--
Mother--
Not just buy!  You hear all this talk about not lovely your kids enough.  We give you love and affection, don't we?
You mind if I try?  You have to slam the door in my face?  I try to get to him--what happens?  Don't I give you everything you want?  A bicycle--you get a bicycle. A car--
Hold it, Jim.
I think I know my son.
Go on--Give 'em to your friends.
Have some cigars.
Sure.  Sure.
Sorry.
Say, listen--
No.  I definitely don't.  I did the sa--
I don't see what's so bad about taking a little drink.
Stay here.  That was my son!
No, honey.  No, he's not here.
Who's there?  Anyone there?
See?  It stopped.
Look--just relax, will you?
He's home.  I heard the car.
What's that pounding?
I'm just explaining what you mean! You can't be an idealist all your life!  Nobody thanks you for sticking your neck out!
Look Jim.  Far be it from me to tell you what to do, but there's--
Did anyone see you there?  I mean did they get your license number or anything?
Just relax, please relax!
Was it because we went to that party?  You know what kind of drunken brawls those parties turn into-- it's no place for kids.
Let me just explain to you--we just moved here, y'understand?  The kid has no friends yet and--
He's just loaded, honey.
Listen--can't you wait till we get home?
I guess I cut pretty loose in my day too.
