Excellent, but that's where Peter come in. 3Jane is having a dinner party tomorrow night. Peter will simply escort Molly to the villa. Once she's in... Case will guide her to the mainframe in link mode.
The Villa Straylight. Home of the Royal Family and the mainframe of the computer entity we know as Wintermute. If we can get Molly in, she can access the mainframe to cripple Mute's defences, the Case can destroy it in Cyberspace.
They're only guessing, but we can't take any risks.
He's a vat grown Ninja, the Royal Family's bodyguard. Watch out for him, he's no joke.
An Artificial Intelligence. A computer system that's developed the capacity for sentient thought. They're dangerous and totally unpredictable.
Play it straight with me and you've got nothing to worry about. When it's over, I inject you with the antitoxin.
Then you'll have to persuade her to tell it to you.
What?
Your gun, your prints. The Tessiers might overlook a little child molesting, but murder's bad P.R., Mr. Riviera. I suggest to reconsider my offer.
You get us access to the Tessier's computer and you can return to Earth anytime you want. A free man.
Those are all your records. I can have you cleared on all counts. Possession. ...Contributing to the delinquency of minors... Statutory rape.
Alright. Let's talk business.
You find out in exactly two hours and forty-five minutes.
You've got your orders.
What are you talking about?
Then once she's in you can guide her straight to the mainframe?
We won't have to. The run is tomorrow night.
Lady Tessier is frigid. Can't stand his touch. So she had herself cloned. The marriage stays intact and the clones take care of her wifely duties. 3Jane's his favourite.
Good question. He may not have intended to. The girl in question is Lady 3Jane. She's very important to us. The third clone of Lady Jane Tessier.
That's Lord Frederick Tessier. Owns most of Freeside. Wintermute's mainframe is centred in the Royal Family's villa.
You see the couple up in the balcony?
Stick with her. I want the process to become second nature to you. We fly for Freeside at dawn.
You'll be linked during the entire operation.
Offworld. The A.I.... this "Wintermute" thing evolved on a computer mainframe on the satellite Freeside. If you attack it from within the matrix while Molly accesses its original programming we can cripple its defence systems.
Prepping your trip.
What about McCoy?
Did you trace it?
What's this?
Sorry, bullshit. We haven't even begun and you're already jeopardising this operation.
You ran without us.
Then we rendezvous with the final member of our team. For now, that's all you need to know.
You'll be ready for a trial run in two days. If your splices hold, you'll use McCoy to trace the A.I.'s coordinates.
Sense/Net taped a full spectrum personality construct on McCoy six months before his death. Everything Dixie was -- everything Dixie still knows exists as a digitised construct.  Of course a tape can get misplaced in a library the size of Sense/Net's.
I know.  You ever work with ghosts, Case?
I've arranged for him to work with us.
Dixie McCoy
It hasn't yet.
This one's different. No one can trace it. It's out there somewhere in the matrix and it's growing stronger... infecting other computer systems like a virus.
The disturbance in cyberspace... It's an A.I.
There are fifteen toxin sacs bonded to the lining of your main arteries. They're dissolving, Case... slowly, but they're definitely dissolving. You have just long enough to do the job.
Good, because you've got a new one.
You're a substance abuser, Case. Your pancreas was shot. Wouldn't have lasted out the year. We did you a favour and liberated you from a dangerous dependency in the bargain.
I'll think you'll find everything in working order. Molly's just having a little fun.
Questions make me nervous. Part of our arrangement will be that you don't ask too many.
We'll match your rate just prior to your... accident. One half in advance.
First, let's get something straight. We ran a psych construct on you that lists self destruction as your favourite pastime. If you want to kill yourself, Mr. Case, there's much more entertaining ways than working for me.
What would you say if I told you we could correct your neural damage?
If someone is infiltrating the matrix on a global scale no political or economic system is safe. I'm assembling a team of specialists, Mr. Case. We need a man who can enter the matrix and trace this saboteur.
Sense/Net's corporately financed. Too corrupt to be trusted. You of all people should know that.
Our analysis of the London stock crash suggest that it was manipulated from within the international computer matrix. Cyberspace, Mr. Case... A realm I believe you're familiar with.
The corporate plundering of Yeshoto Industries... At first these seemed like unrelated incidents, but a pattern is emerging that suggests otherwise.
Very well.
Are you sure you're up to this, Mr. Case? We could reconvene tomorrow.
