I killed him myself.
Brides often are, I'm told.
You don't seem excited, my little muffin.
I-would-not-say-such things-if- Iwere-you-
You're a silly girl.
Yes. Yes, of course. Naturally, not those four.
Ah! My dulcet darling. Tonight we marry. Tomorrow morning, your men will escort us to Florin Channel where every ship in my armada waits to accompany us on our honeymoon.
Of course.
I suggest a deal. You write four copies of a letter. I'll send my four fastest ships. One in each direction. The Dread Pirate Roberts is always close to Florin this time of year. We'll run up the white flag and deliver your message. If Westley wants you, bless you both. If not ... please consider me as an alternative to suicide. Are we agreed?
I swear it will be done.
May I live a thousand years and never hunt again.
Double it. My Princess must be safe.
Rise and report.
Try ruling the world sometime.
Form a Brute Squad then. I want the Thieves' Forest emptied before I wed.
She will not be murdered. On the day of the wedding, I want the Thieves' Forest emptied and every inhabitant arrested.
As Chief Enforcer of all Florin, I trust you with this secret: killers from Guilder are infiltrating the Thieves' Forest and plan to murder my bride on our wedding night.
Yellin.
-- and then my ears, I understand. Let's get on with it
-- and then my tongue, I suppose. I killed you too quickly the last time, a mistake I don't mean to duplicate tonight.
That may be the first time in my life a man has dared insult me.
I don't think I'm quite familiar with that phrase.
A technicality that will shortly be remedied. But first things first. To the death.
For the last time -- SURRENDER!
I tell you once again -- surrender!
I give you full marks for bravery --don't make yourself a fool.
Tyrone, you know how much I love watching you work. But, I've got my country's five hundredth anniversary to plan, my wedding to arrange, My wife to murder, and Guilder to frame for it. I'm swamped. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                           75.
Oh, I know. The people are quite taken with her. It's odd, but when I hired Vizzini to have her murdered on our engagement day, I thought that was clever. But it's going to be so much more moving when I strangle her on our wedding night. Once Guilder is blamed, the nation will be truly outraged. They'll demand we go to war.
Then we will simply alert him.  Beloved, are you certain he still wants you? After all, it was you who did the leaving in the Fire Swamp. Not to mention that pirates are not known to be men of their words.
I could never cause you grief; consider our wedding off.  You returned this Westley to his ship?
She's been like that ever since the Fire Swamp.  It's my father's failing health that's upsetting her.
Once we're out of sight, take him back to Florin and throw him in the Pit of Despair.
I always think everything could be a trap -- Which is why I'm still alive.
The loser is nothing. -- Only the Princess matters --  -- clearly this was all planned by warriors of Guilder. We must be ready for whatever lies ahead. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                           42.
The loser ran off alone.  The winner followed those footprints toward Guilder!
There was a mighty duel -- it ranged all over. They were both masters.
