-- think what you have time to think, Lester.
Lester, you're a miserable man. You're not helping anybody. You're just twisting arms to raise money for a lot of silly son of a bitches that are out for themselves -- this is just business, don't kid yourself. And you know the worst thing about it, even if it does somebody some good somewhere which I can't possibly imagine, you'll never know the difference. You're just sweating and kidding yourself - and you're kidding yourself if you think your new business partner is going to keep his hands off that girl -- or that she'll keep her hands off him.
-- is that what this is all about?
-- is that right?
You make me sick. Just be straight for once in your life.
We cannot go into this later.
-- cause she's going to be very, very expensive.
-- I hope you like Miss Shawn --
Lester.
I just thought you'd like to know --
That girl's making an awful spectacle of herself.
Lester, don't you think that uhh --
That's George.
That you were just indulging me.
Yes, but... I thought...
I don't know. He's a hairdresser.
Why?
Maybe... why do you ask?
Well, I don't know for sure... he's a hairdresser.
Who?
Don't be silly. I'll just tell Lester we were smoking a couple of joints. See?
Sweetheart, it's a bore out there... let's lock the door.
And who's Jill?
She what?
Why didn't you come alone? Lester invited you. Did you have to bring her?
Right now, I just don't care.
No, baby... I'm glad you're coming tonight.
Comb my hair out later, honey.
Hello, George.
I mean it or I wouldn't say it.
And I certainly wouldn't tell Lester.
I wouldn't say so if I didn't.
I hope she's all right.
Is she all right?
The shop. I think you're a good investment, and I don't mind telling him.
Yes.
Why don't you see Lester?
What about?
We have this political thing tonight. Could you comb me out at the house?
What're you doing later?
I can see that.
I've never been treated that way, and I'm not going to start now.
I'm not used to that kind of treatment.
George --
-- to be put in that kind of position...
-- I like myself far too much, far too much.
-- Numbers, and I don't need to place myself in that kind of position.
Nummers.
I'm perfectly calm, George, I'm simply saying you have no respect for me, that you're incapable of distinguishing between me and one of your average Hollywood... mummers...
I don't care about that girl, I don't care if she's dead.
I don't care.
I don't want to talk about it...
You're late, George.
I don't want to see you anymore.
You're very rude... if you don't come back --
So what are you doing going over there? You're not her doctor.
It turned out to be cancer.
Ruth Lesserman had a pancreatic ulcer.
Gee, that's very serious...
That's very serious. Who's her doctor?
Does she have a pancreatic ulcer?
What?
Why not?
Thanks a lot.
You mean that girl, don't you?
I thought you said you weren't going anywhere.
What're you looking for?
Whoever she is, she doesn't give up, does she?
