What are you talking about?
Yes and you don't have to be sarcastic about it, that's a beautiful thing he's doing -- some people do more than go to the beauty parlor and shop at Saks --
-- yes, we're all trying to do something to make this a better country to live in, believe it or not.
That's okay too.
Can't we go into this later, sweetheart?
-- what, who? Oh she's very nice, yes -- I mean normally ---
Yes, sweetheart, shh.
Why would I like to know if there's nothing I can do about it, goddammit --
What do you expect me to do about it?
-- yes, Senator -- just a minute, dear --
It's just -- fabulous.  Think you could do anything for me?
No, doll, I listen to you. And if a deal loses money that's not so bad either if it's handled right.
What?
You suggested it, don't you think it's a good idea?
Maybe he's too flighty and irresponsible. That's why I asked if he was a fairy.
I'm thinking of investing with him. He worries me.
Maybe he's just a kooky guy who likes doing something kooky like that.
That kid... the hairdresser.
Do you think George is a fairy?
Yeah, the clap. That's what she thinks. But who knows -- I don't know.
Oh, by the way, I think you oughta know -- Lorna thinks she's got the clap.
I'm finished with her.
You really think so?
Just a whore, I go over there, have a few drinks and get my gun off. I'm through with her, she's nothing but a whore.
She's nothing but a whore.
I mean, how did that happen?
What about Jackie?
Yeah,, it goes up a little and then it goes down, maybe Nixon will do something. What's the difference, they're all a bunch of jerks. I wouldn't let 'em run my business, I can tell you that much. Not if I had any choice in the matter.  I don't know what to do with you. I don't know, I don't know what's right or wrong anymore.
... You can lose it all; you can lose it all no matter who you are... I don't know, what's the point of having it all. Look at me. I don't have a goddam thing... the market's terrible right now, went down ten points last week, goddam Lyndon Johnson!
I was gonna give you the money. Probably I was. Shit, I don't know, I don't know anything anymore.
Me!
Hell of a way to treat a business partner, that's all I can say.
I'll have to wash one out.
You don't have a clean glass in the house.
Have a drink.
Want a drink?
Well, I don't know.
Why, why do you think that is?
Do you think Lorna hates her? I don't think she hates her. I mean she may resent her a little...
... yes, I follow your thinking on that.
I wanna hear it from you!
Did they have something against me?
Was it me, did you have something against me?
No, not yet, not yet. You worry about it for a while, I've been worrying all night, now you can worry.
That's got nothing to do with it... You're so beyond my comprehension I can't even discuss it with you.
I wanna know your thinking, I wanna know how someone like you thinks. Did you think you could get away with it, did you think you could put something over on me? Does a guy like you get his kicks sneaking around behind people's backs and taking advantage of them? Maybe that's your idea of being anti Establishment!
I wanna hear about it.
I wanna hear about it, George.
I wanna hear about it.
I said sit down!
Sit down.
Godammit, George...
Yeah, I'm unhappy with you about something.
What do they look like?...
All night.
You live like a pig.
Layered?
Isn't that bad for it?
Your hair looks -- well fabulous.
See she doesn't drink too much.
-- do me a favor, kind of keep your eye on Jackie, she's a little high strung tonight --
Son, we'll do business, I can tell you that.
It's a difficult situation, and I want you to know I appreciate it. Tonight's going to be real tough for me --
George, I know you have to deal with Felicia and you're caught in the middle, and if you can just bear with me tonight, well, I appreciate the way you've handled the situation.
I know it, son. But tonight's going to be even tougher.
I know it, I know it.
You look like you've had quite a work-out.
What about, tonight?
Sorry, honey, I...
-- Anything, I don't care what it is, just so it's something.
I wish my son knew what he wanted to do.
-- maybe you could, on your way, you know, pick up Jackie here.
Yeah, little election party I'm giving at the Bistro. It's a pain in the ass but -- I have to do it. We'll have a little time to talk there.
When?
So I'm going to want a little more of your thinking on the subject.
Well, George, you may not think ten or fifteen grand means much to me, but I invest for myself and a lot of particular people.
Felicia's really interested in the shop, isn't she?
George, could you -- excuse us for a minute?
Who needs that kind of aggravation? Who needs that kind of aggravation at my age? When I finish work I want to...
No, they're a pain in the ass, there's no way of keeping track of anything. It's a cash business and you've got to watch your operators or they'll steal you blind, am I right or am I right?
But personal services are not the kind of thing I usually get into.
It's good you want to do something, George.
Well, George, I invest for a lot of people. I make a lot of money for them. More than they could do for themselves.
But what?
But the important thing is you're successful at it.
It's an unusual trade.
I see.
I didn't say it, she did. How'd you happen to get in that line of work?
She says you're a fabulous hairdresser.
Felicia says you're a very good hairdresser.
Oh, dear that's too bad.  -- get her out of here, get her out of here.
Yes, Jackie Shawn, my wi -- Felicia.
Hi, doll, what's wrong?
C'mon, Jackie, I'm only trying -- George --
Who's the guy, George's boyfriend?
Does she know about us?
Who are they?
Glad to meet you, Jill, Mr. Pope.
George, glad you could make it, son. Hi, doll.
Why not?
Aren't you going to have one?
They get hair all over the place.
You ought to get rid of those dogs.
I'd like a drink.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Maybe he ought to go to beauty school. Anyway, see you tonight, doll, okay?
What's that?
Look... you do well for people, they don't ask you to stop. Nobody wants you to stop making money, doll, not even Uncle Sam. They all want their share.
It's very logical, it's the most logical thing in the world. You wouldn't feel this confined if we could go out with people and have dinner, and a little conversation and so forth...
Of course not.
Now listen, Jackie, I'm not jealous of anybody, I just can't afford to get caught... off base.
I'm not jealous of the dogs.
Then you were talking to him.
Whatever his name is, that actor.
My secretary saw you with that boy.
Who were you talking to?
I called to tell you I was sending one over but the line was busy, you're always on the phone.
George is going to open a shop.
Is that right?
Is that right?
How did you lose that key? Oh, George, this is uh Miss -- this is Jackie.
-- just wonderful.
Gee... that's wonderful, Jill.
Jill.
What did you say your name was, sweetheart?
That's fine --
-- oh no, honey, I'll do that...
-- listen, I wonder if you kids could give me a ride? I'm kind of stranded here.
Oh that's no problem.  -- take care of this boy's problem, will you, Gene?
-- what's the problem, honey?
Well... that's wonderful -- I'll stop by there for a drink.
Oh, say, how would you kids like to stop off for a drink?
Call me Les.
Everything okay, son?
No of course not.
Have they sat down?
