Hasn't he got enough problems, or didn't you notice that's not cream soda on his breath?
Maybe I'm not making myself clear. You're probably the first girl Billy-Boy's ever fallen in love with, and I know for sure you're the first he's slept with.  So, how's he gonna feel...  ... when he finds out that the only first he is for you is the first guy who didn't have to pull out at the last second to get his close-up?
You're not gonna see him again.
What were you gonna say?  Exactly how did you think he was gonna make the leap from dating a sweet, innocent school teacher to an ass-fucking porn star?
I'm looking at this poster, and I'm thinkin', I don't remember seeing films like this when I was in school.
We'll take the CalTrust heist, but if it's no good, we will hunt you down, and Billy-Boy will pull out your spine and he will beat you to death with it.
Read my lips: Zimmermann or nothing.
Careful she doesn't hit her head on the way.
Who cares?
Take her down to the car, and for Christ's sake be careful this time.  Last suspect he took in, butter-fingers dropped her down the stairs.  What a mess.  Why is it we don't appreciate our arms and legs till we've lost the use of them?
Cuff'em.  Let's see what these two love birds say once they're sitting in separate cages.
Am I supposed to take this information and sit up in the hills with a frickin' telescope?
A Lincoln?  What Lincoln?  Lincoln Continental?  Lincoln Mark Five... Six... ?
And... ?
You get nothing and like it.  And if we're not blissfully happy with what you tell us, we arrest you just for the fun of it.
Well... what can I do?  You've created a dilemma...  And, look at the that. Time's running out.  I wonder... how can I impress upon you just exactly how frustrating this situation is for me?
You think it's that good?
How much?
Put up your kickstand, freak.  Start talking, or we're out the door.
Incestuous.
What... ?
You don't.  It's a gamble.  But, not even in Vegas are you gonna get close to this kind of cash.  This is <U>two million</U>, Archie.  It's not three houses, it's twelve.  It's dreams come true.
It's six o'clock.  Time's runaing out.  Decide.
Well, I'm running out of trees, so look me in the eye like a man and tell me you don't know!  Convince me!
You're Zimmermann's calculator, Archie.  All the blood money you had to move around to make this deal, you got to know something.  Maybe they told you, maybe you overheard things you weren't supposed to hear...
Just entering.  We'll get to the breaking in a minute.
I need the "when" and the "where."
Last time Billy-Boy did this, the guy's neck broke...  ... just like that.  Sad in a way. Why is it we don't truly appreciate our arms and legs till we've lost the use of them?
This scag is enough to keep every junkie from here to the Mexican border high as a kite for the next two years.  You think we're gonna let Zimmermann haul it onto <U>our</U> streets on the Fourth-of-fucking-July!?
Know what he's doing, Benny?  He's trying to jog your memory.
Again.
Word is, while the vice cops on the East Coast were standing around playing pocket pool, 300 kilos of heroin got smuggled into New York City.  And, right now it's making a cross-country journey to Hollywood, U.S.A.
Really?  Is that a fact... ?
Where you been hiding, grease-fist? We've been looking for you.
Happy Independence Day.
I'm not taking a cigarette break, jackass, just give me one!
Gimmie a butt.
How you doing back there?
We're gonna rain on Zimmermann's parade.
Same day as before.  I think.
They shot us all, kid.
What about him?
Who's been giving you history lessons?  Your bartender?
Entertainers don't count.
Name one.
The booze.
When you planning to cut back on that?
Beats me.  You got a suggestion, feel free to shout it out, genius.
Welcome to Beverly Hills. Wife-swapping Capital of the World.
Clench your teeth so when we land you don't accidentally bite off your tongue.
Clench your teeth.
Well, they sure know how to hold a grudge.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Could be worse.  I don't know how, but I'm sure it could.
Lots of these pencil-pushers work out of their homes.  It's a tax dodge.
It's personal.  We'll hook up at Billy-Boy's pad in an hour.  See ya then.
"A.D."
Ah, jeez, Billy... careful!
Stop blaming yourself.
You big, fat sonofabitch, if it weren't for me, you'd still be sitting in the file room where I found you.  And you... Nena... you've still got needle scars from where I pulled you out of.  You of all people...
What of it?  Haven't we waited forever... ?  Haven't we, honey?  Haven't we waited long enough to get this scumbag?
You're just saying nothing!  Tonight is the night.
What are you, Henry friggin' Kissinger all the sudden?
I say, fuck 'em.  Let's go.
I can not even begin to imagine how much that must have hurt.
Hands off the suit, monkey-boy. Close your eyes if you're scared.
Relax.
Move it!
Make a hole, Billy-Boy.
Get ready.
I can work this.
We'll share.
Sons of bitches!
What do you want me to do about it?
Save it.  Just go.
Escort everyone's favorite She-Male over here nice and peaceful-like. Let's not have another incident like at the laundromat.  I'll never forget the look on that poor woman's face.
Just a little, you know... Bicentennial memento.  Nothing special.
I'll give you a fucking hoot if you don't shut up back there.
Thank you, concerned citizen.
What, am I supposed to read it while I drive?  Keep a grip on it, alright?
She's right.  If you two are doing the horizontal polka, the last thing you want is a thirty-five pound bundle-of-joy stumbling around, knocking over furniture and calling you "daddy."
What'd I say?
Nothing, I guess.  Just an observation.  She's really something special.  You're a lucky fella.
Tell me something... what's a school teacher doing having you meet for breakfast in one of the filthiest parts of downtown skank-ville?  I mean, this is not the place for fine dining, unless looking at prostitutes stimulates your appetite.
How's your precious little school-marm today?
You mean taking bribes, and skimming busts and letting hoods walk? You mean not being able to sleep at night after shaking down some honest Joe?
Maybe.
Our resignations.
I'm here.  That's all that counts. Watch... you'll enjoy this... it's like magic...
I'm gonna put a great big, ear-to-fucking-ear smile on your face.  How 'bout that?
Not like this.  Are you even listening?
Hey now, look!  Let's all get on the same page here.  This shipment is do or die for Zimmermann's syndicate; all or nothing.  If we stop the drugs, we don't even have to catch him red-handed.  He's ruined cause his pushers go broke with nothing to sell.  On the other hand, if we fuck this up, it means more zombies crawling the gutters than ever and a morgue that doesn't have a single empty drawer.  More old ladies getting mugged and molested by junk-hungry needle-freaks, and all the while Zimmermann's sitting back and laughing his head off.
Well... seeing how you just suspended me, what's to stop me from calling you a crazy bastard, you old fart?
Don't you condescend to tell me how or why to honor Independence Day, and don't tell me I'm overreacting when I'm trying to bust the guy responsible for half the filthy junk coming into this city!
What?
I... I think I can... clarify...
Well, sir...
It's our job.
Your poison's not gonna make it into the veins of any kids this time.
Thanks, but we don't recognize "brunch" as an actual meal.
Just 'cause you belong to some fancy-pants club, doesn't make you any less a murderer.
Couldn't have said it better myself.
Just wanted to make you aware... before today's over, we'll be standing on top of your mountain of horse and pissing down on you.
Good.  Thought I was imagining them.
You see that?
Keep 'em busy.
Well, that's what I heard, and that's what I choose to believe.
When you bunch it together, it's exponentially more powerful.  Two sticks have the power of four sticks. Four sticks have the power of sixteen, and so on.
Know what I love about dynamite?
So there's nobody around to get killed in the explosion.
Billy!  Billy!
Who the fuck knows?  We'll find out soon enough.
No more counting the big money for someone else.
There's not even enough places to stash it in a car.
I'm well aware of that.
See... now that we know you know, the hard part's done for us.
Seatbelts fastened, please.
What the hell's his problem?
Hey-Ho... !  Maybe we're not alone in this thing after all.
Get his attention.
Maybe it's enough.
Come again... ?
How'd we do?
Been waiting long?
Alright... how about you two hit the strip and start knocking some heads together?  Find out who "A.D." is.  I got a quick errand to run.
Gimmie a minute.
Dead.
Out here.  On your knees.
Let's get this thing done.
Whatever goes bang.
Nothing's broke.  Keep sewing.  And quit pacing, you big ox.  You're making me skittish.
Guys... all we've got is each other. Don't we know that by now?
That's not true.
I can't believe I'm hearing this,
What... ?  Not you too?
You put your bumper just behind his left tire and then accelerate... make him spin out...
Get closer!  Don't lose him!
Okay, okay... hold on.  Don't go getting your panties in a knot...
Oh yeah?
You think this is so easy?
I'm gonna get beside.  Nena, you're gonna shoot out his tires.
I'm gonna get beside him.
If they crash, maybe he'll run.  You can shoot him in the leg or something.
Hold your horses, sweetpea.  We need Butch Cassidy alive, remember?
"Go, go, go!"  "Slow down."  Make up your mind.
We got him.
Alright?
Yeah, well... nobody's perfect.  They couldn't go doing everything at once.
You know what I mean.
I just think you should show some respect.  I mean, call me old fashioned, but 200 years ago when Ben Franklin and those guys signed the Constitution and Declaration of Independence, they did that so we could all share in the freedom...
What are you, communist?  At least numb-nuts here has the courtesy to pretend he likes them.
You know... you could say thank you.
Let me see that...  Not bad.
Look out!  Jupiter and Saturn'll get you every fucking time.
Why do you bother with that mumbo-jumbo crap?  Some fruitcake's writing it between bong hits, making it up as he goes, and you're actually taking the time to read it.
Going into Zimmermann's pipeline.
You are such a disappointment, Benny.
Pardon me... my mistake.  Taking your thoughts in hand, huh... ?
The way Zimmermann takes such good care of you and this drug-peddling "escort service" of yours, I figure you got the scoop on the pharmaceuticals arriving tonight.
They're... around.
That's the problem with expensive tastes... the more you got, the more you got to lose.
So are you, Pop-Sweet.  That's why...
You always did have style.
