We've got the tape to prove it.
There probably is.
Go wherever you want.  Live how you want.
Billy, I love you I really do... but I've got to tell you, every day, in every way, you give new meaning to the word "stupidity."
Nope.
No.
You plan on shooting that gun or just hugging it?
Don't talk like that.  There's plenty of women around for jerks like you.
Whoa, whoa... it's gonna be alright.
Speak for yourself.
Bad news is, word's spreading like wildfire that we don't have badges, and nobody wants to end up getting splattered like Butch Cassidy either.
Okay.  It doesn't smell as bad in here as I remember it smelling.
You live like a pig.
Well, I got something..  Pop-Sweet's accounting ledger for the Disco-Strip.  All the money transactions.  Look...  Someone's putting their initials beside the weekly totals.  Like they're acknowledging a deposit.
This is the police lock-up.  We're police.  How can we steal from ourselves?
We're not stealing.  We're borrowing.
Hey... HEY!    Cool down, Jumbo!
Just keep an eye out till I get this rig up and running.
We have to find Kittle.
Follow me.
Laugh it up.  You'll cry later.
Smooth move, hot-shot.
It's go time, Billy-B.
Forgive me for not ooing cartwheels over commemorative salt and pepper shakers
No, but it should.
"Leo.  The stages of the moon are in alignment, so now is a perfect time for a vigorous regimen of self improvement.  Wash yourself more carefully each morning, stop using pies and cakes as your primary source of nourishment, and quit tucking your shirttails inside your underwear."
Oh... okay.
You never heard of physics, Einstein? The laws of physics.  The more ballast we keep closer to the rear tires...
You know, the more weight back there, the faster the car goes.
Birth control's important.
You been wearing rubbers, Billy-Boy?
It's not gonna happen.
It's just the way things are, kiddo.
Yes, sir.
He went to pick up lunch.
We've been chasing this deal six months, and now you're gonna chuck it out the window?
You can't be serious.
Yeah.
The gang's all here!
I don't think so.
Do tell.
Oh, yeah... the explosion.
Why the beach?
You John-Wilkes-Booth-ed him.
Think Zimmermann's watching?
Beholden to none.
This much powder you don't throw in the trunk with a blanket over it. It's got to be smuggled.
We're screwed.
It's just a question of how long do we have to slap you silly till you spill the beans.
You suck at lying, Archie.
You're... you're not doing what I think you're doing... ?
You mean, besides the warrant out on us for blowing up our commanding officer?
Who is that... ?
Your wish is my command.
Archibald Dobbs; Certified Public Accountant.  But, that's all we got.
A.D. is a C.P.A.
Just got here.
Sounds good.
If it is, that's pretty high up on the totem pole.  What do you think?
Chalk up another victory for Billy-Boy's one man war on crime.
You get him?
Alright, flesh-peddler, let's see empty hands!
All for one...
Any preferences?
You need a doctor.
Yeah, my arms healed up real good, and that's how I wanna keep 'em. That's what I'm trying to tell you.
I know it is, even if you don't.
I worked my ass off for my badge, Kittle,  It's the only thing that makes me different from every other slob out there.
He's right.  We hit the bricks, we walk back triple-fucked.
Is there nothing in this world you enjoy more than the sound of your own voice?
I kinda already figured that, but keep those helpful hints coming.
That's right, white bread.  Give it up.  Right now.
Can't be worse than you.
You... SUCK!  You almost got us all killed!
No, we are <U>not</U> going to do that.
No you're not.
Let's hope.
Shit.  You're right.
Don't crowd him.
Slow down.
Absolutely.
All I'm saying is, your little Bicentennial mementos would be more accurate if there were no holes in the pepper shaker so the pepper couldn't get out.
Second of all, the Declaration of Independence was all for liberty and equality, but it didn't do anything about slavery, did it?
First of all, the Constitution wasn't writtem till 1787...
You're the one with the star-spangled hard-on, not me.
Yeah... great.
"Today you have a rare opportunity to make a big difference in your chosen field.  By your able leadership and with great conviction and strength of character, you will come up a winner."
Yeah, non-believer?  Here's yours...  "Scorpio, October 24 to November 22: Jupiter is in conflict with Saturn, so proceed with caution..."
Arriving tonight
Pure horse.
Whoops... don't mind me.  Go ahead and finish up.
