Could he handle a direct contact?
What's the bottom line?
That's when it happened?
His nervous breakdown followed Hobbs. Could he kill again if he had to save his life? Or would he hesitate?
Why aren't you ever alone with him?
You're never alone in a room with Graham, are you? You're smooth about it, but you're never one-on-one with him. Why's that? Do you think he's psychic?
He doesn't think you run mind games on him.
That was Peterson upstairs.
I need to ask you questions of a psychological nature.
Where?
Willingham, when he tossed his cell, took Polaroids so they could get everything back in place...
Not the Bible?
Book code?
Issue the toilet paper tear as a...
The Chicago office is running through all the personal ads in the Tattler right now.
That could be the tip of a 't.  Here and here. And here.
Twenty minutes max.
I need to talk to you about Will Graham.
I'll try to keep him as far away from it as I can...
Talking about 'like,' you don't like me very much, do you?
Nobody's better with evidence. But he has the other thing, too. He doesn't like that part of it...
Because it's his bad luck to be special.
I have to.
Wait for the back-up! Will?
Stay in the trees.
Three minutes.
Get the roadblocks set on Route Three! There's an access road to the back of the house. That ought to be a second team's approach.  Will Graham and I are in an orchard due west of the house.
You're not going to need that. Because we're going in careful and slow and secure a perimeter and a St. Louis PD Swat team is going to take him. Not us.
Will...?
Fogel has four more names. He knows two: both dark hair. Third's a woman. Fourth's a handicapped parking permit...
Are your parking permits in the computer? He drives a van.
I want a chopper on the roof in three minutes. To Meigs Field.  At Meigs have them warn up and flight- prep the Gulf Stream.
See if there's another label underneath.
No. It's Bob's Photo Store in...
Is there a label on the Jacobi can that says what lab processed it?
There's some film cans in the far corner of the room underneath one of the windows.
It's the guard in the storeroom.
It's getting late and...
He had to.
Because a steel door and deadbolt were there when they were killed.
What's that?
Will?
It's a foregone conclusion. For Christ's sake, it's eleven PM.  The full moon is tonight.
Let's admit we struck out this month. The Gulf Stream's standing by. The basic lab stuff is on it.  You, Zeller, Jimmie Price, a photographer. Anywhere he hits, we can be there in an hour and fifteen minutes. We get the call, we roll. The scene'll be very fresh...
What?
There is none! We've run it through the computer a dozen times.
There's no connection between the families.
VTR, film, Polaroid, stills, what?
'Changes?'
When are you coming back?
Milwaukee, Madison, Dubuque, Peoria, St. Louis, Indianapolis, Cincinnati, Toledo and Detroit.
From the lip wound, which happened seven hours before he got burned, we've narrowed it down to those cities within the seven-hour driving radius that also would've caught the 'Tattler' early Tuesday morning.
You got the message Lecktor called...
Asian studies at Langley said the mark you found on the tree is a Chinese character considered a positive or a lucky sign in gambling. The character also appears on a mah- jongg piece.  It means Red Dragon.  That mean anything to you?
I'll pick you up in...
Wait, Will...
It says: 'Graham home, 3860 DeSoto Highway, Marathon, Florida. Save yourself. Kill them all.  It's your home address, Will. The bastard gave him your home address.
I'll tell you in a second. Now listen to me: everything is okay, I'm taking care of it, so stay on the phone when I tell you.
Will, Bowman just broke the code. It was a James Beard cook book. You need to know what it says right now.
What if it encourages the Tooth Fairy to do something besides write?
It's your call, Will. What do we do?
Yes. And I'm leery of running Lecktor's message without knowing what it says.
We let Lecktor's message run as is and decode it after. Or we pull it, work our the code and put ours in next week.
...there's three 't's' and an 'r' in Tattler.
Sarah, order a chopper. I want the next thing smoking and I don't care whose. Ours. DCPD.  Or the Marines. Then call Documents. Tell them to scramble a team. I want everybody moving in five minutes.  Dr. Chilton, please do not handle the note. I have a Documents team on the way to you by helicopter to pick it up.
How'd you know 'broken mirrors?' Bribe a cop?  Tell it to the U.S. Attorney, Lounds!
You.
If the Documents section can't do it... I'll send it up to Langley...
Is it weird?
For Christ's sake, why?
See? You do know something about him.
Why?
No other possibilities?
We're running it through the computers now. So far there's no event or service that doubles back into both families. Plus they were big consumers: snowmobiles, fishing trips, scuba, videogames, lots of routine medical and dental. It's a haystack.  What's the other?
What's one way?
You can tell something about him or we wouldn't have found the finger print...
Say we've arrested a good suspect. You walk in and see him. What is there about him that doesn't surprise you?
I know...
A cat. We found a litter box downstairs but not the cat.  Neighbors are watching for it.
What do you want to do?
You said the guy down here is good.
He's working on the single print index. What time is it?
I'LL come back later. I got messages at the Holiday Inn to collect.
These are all dead, Will.
If you can't look anymore, I understand...
You look all right now.
That's not entirely true, Will. It's the way you think.
Last two like this we had, you caught.
And I got you down here fixing fuckin' boat motors.
Why not?
Will... you saw this in the papers. The second one was all over TV. Did you ever think about givin' me a call?
Typed him from semen. He's a secretor.
Blond, right-handed, really strong, wears a size eleven shoe. The prints are all smooth gloves. He's on a full moon cycle. Both times. His blood is AB Positive.
Eighty-six so far. All cranks. He smashes the mirrors and uses the pieces.  None of them knew that;
How much do you know?
I should have caught you at the boat yard when you got off work. You don't want to talk about it here...
...twenty-eight minutes.  Cryptography at Langley?
Let's get to the physical.
For Christ's sake get him!
Where the hell's Graham!
Will. Get right back here. He just called.
...but if we find him, the print as evidence will get a conviction, Hold on. What?
