Thank you very much.
Now I'll bet it has his home address there, too
We're looking for Graham. The man the book is supposed to go to is a Mr. Will Graham.
Well, zip that little pointer right on down to the letter G.
I'll bet she has a call caddy right next to her phone.
I have to catch Federal Express within about five minutes. I'd be immensely appreciative if you'd pull it out of her Rolodex for me.
Maybe you can help me. This is Bob Greer of Blaine & Edwards Publishing Company. Dr. Bloom asked me to send a copy of 'The Psychiatrist and the Law' to someone. Linda never sent me the address and phone number.
Hi, Linda. ..
It feels good because: if you do as God does, enough times, you become as God is: powerful...
You should, Will. God's terrific!  He dropped a church roof on thirty- four of His worshippers in Texas last Wednesday night. Just as they were groveling to Him and singing a hymn.  Don't you think that felt good?  He wouldn't begrudge you two measly murders.
When you were so depressed after you shot Mr. Garrett Jacob Hobbs to death, it wasn't the act that got you down. Didn't you really feel so bad because killing him felt so good?  And why shouldn't it feel good?! It must feel good to God. God does it all the time!
I want to help you, Will. You'd be more comfortable if you relaxed with yourself. We don't invent our natures, They're issued to us.  Along with our lungs and pancreas and everything else. Why fight it?
You know Lounds's enlightened me on one thing: your confinement in the mental hospital. My attorney should have brought that our in court.
I wanted to congratulate you for the job you did on Mr. Lounds. I admired it enormously. What a cunning boy you are, Will.
Do you know how you caught me, Will?
I'll study it, Will. When you get more files, I'd like to see them, too. You can call me. When I have to call my lawyer, they bring me a telephone. Would you like to give me your home number?
May I keep the file?
I don't have one right now.
You came here to look at me, Will. To get the old scent again, didn't you?
It's not 'interesting'. You thought of it before.
Because, my dear Will, if this Pilgrim imagines he has a relationship with the full moon, he might go outside and look at it.  Have you seen blood in moonlight, Will? It appears quite black. If one were nude, it would be better to have outdoor privacy for this sort of thing.
What were the yards like?
You haven't threatened to take away my books yet.
Do you dream much, Will?
Let me have them, and I might consider it.
Pictures?
Do you have the file with you
Don't think you can persuade me with appeals to my intellectual vanity.
You're very tan, Will.
What disadvantage?
Then how did you catch me, Will?
Then by implication, you think that you are smarter than me, since you caught me.
Pray tell.
Chilton? Gruesome, isn't he? He fumbles at your head like a freshman pulling at a panty girdle.  He actually tries to give me a Thematic and Apperception test. Hah. Sat there waiting for MF-13 to come up. It's a card with a woman in bed and a man in the foreground.  I was supposed to avoid a sexual interpretation. I laughed in his face.  Never mind, it's boring.
Why should I tell you?
In the papers. I don't tear out the articles.  I wouldn't want them to think I was dwelling on anything morbid. You want to know how he's choosing them, don't you?
Yes.
Yes, I thought so.
It doesn't matter to me, Will.
No it's not. Do you know how you did it Will?
A layman..., layman. Interesting term. So many experts on government grants. And you say you're a 'layman?' But it was you who caught me, wasn't it, Will? Do you know how you did it'
And?
Of course, you don't.  I'm glad you came. My callers are all professional. Clinical psychiatrists from cornfield colleges somewhere. Second-raters, the lot.
Emotional problems, I hear. He was a very promising young officer. Do you ever have any problems, Will?
And how is Officer Stuart? The one who was the first to see my basement.
Did you get my card?
That's the same atrocious aftershave you wore in court three years ago.
