I made your favorite. Spaghetti. Lots of oregano.
Oh God Veronica, my afterlife is s-o-o boring. If I have to sing "Kumbaya" one more time...
Is this turnout weak or what? I had <u>at least</u> seventy more people at my funeral.
Did we? How the hell'd you get in here?
Veronica. And Jesse James. Quelle surprise. Hear about Veronica's affection for regurgitation?
Monday morning, you're history. I'll tell everyone about tonight. Transfer to Washington. Transfer to Jefferson. No one at Westerburg's going to let you play their reindeer games.
You were nothing before you met me! You were playing Barbies with Betty Finn! You were a Brownie, you were a Bluebird, you were a Girl Scout Cookie! I got you into a Remington Party! What's my thanks? It's on the hallway carpet. I get paid in puke!
You stupid cunt!
No. Hell no.
What's your damage? Brad says you're being a real cooze.
Don't worry. David says he's very so he's very.
J.D.? You seem pretty amused. I thought you were giving up on high school guys.
Come on Heather. We want another look at today's lunch.
Come on you jerk. You know you used to have a sense of humor.
That episode with the note back there was for all of us to enjoy, but you're determined to ruin my day.
You wanted to become a member of the most powerful clique in the school. If I wasn't already the head of it, I'd want the same thing.
Yeah, and who wants that on their teeth?
Just imagine somebody like your quasi-fat, goody-good friend Betty Finn doing a Crest commercial. No one would buy Crest.
Whatever. I don't believe this. We're going to a party at Remington University tonight and we're brushing up our conversation skills with the scum of the school.
Like I give a shit. They all want me, as a friend or a fuck. I'm worshipped at Westerburg and I'm only a Junior.
Fuck me gently with a chainsaw. Do I look like Mother Theresa? If I did, I probably wouldn't mind talking to the Geek Squad.
If you're going to openly be a bitch....
Color me impressed. I thought you grew out of Betty Finn.
Shut up, it is. I told Dennis if he gave me another topic that was political, I'd spew burrito chunks.
Sawyer. Guess what today is?
Don't think.
You don't have anything <u>for</u> her either. Come on, it'll be Very. The note'll give her shower nozzle masturbation material for weeks.
Veronica. Finally. Got a paper of Kurt Kelly's. I need you to forge a hot and horny but realistically low-key note in Kurt's handwriting and we'll slip it into Martha Dumptruck's lunch tray.
I'm giving Veronica her shot. Her first Remington Party. Blow it tonight girl and it's keggers with kids all next year.
Maybe when you hit maturity you'll understand the diff between a Remington University man like David and a Westerburg boy like Ram "Wham-bam- thank-you-maam" Sweeney.
Anyway, I can say never to high school. I've got David.
He used a real gun. They should throw his ass in jail.
Grow up, Heather. Bulimia's so '86.
Ku-urt, let's pa-arty.
