Some teenybopper rag says Big Fun wants to play a Prom. It could be Westerburg's if we can get everyone's John Hancock.
Don't worry. I'll ask you to do me a favor. You'll get the negatives and everything back then.
I think you can. In Catcher in the Rye Holden says his ideal job'd be making sure some kids don't fall off a cliff. He doesn't realize if you pay too much attention to the kids, you'll back off the cliff yourself.
Strength. Westerburg doesn't need mushy togetherness, it needs a leader. Heather Chandler was that leader but...
Oh, I just had the <u>nicest</u> chat with Ms. Dumptruck. Got along famously! It's scary how everyone's got a story to tell....Would you care to see the canoeing shots?
You've got power, Veronica. Power I didn't think you had. The slate is clean.
You really fucked me up, Veronica.
What?
Just push the red button twice. That's what stops it. If that's what you want, babe?
You're not listening. People are going to look at the ashes of Westerburg and say there's a school that self-destructed not because society didn't care, but because that school <u>was</u> society. Is that deep or what? I'll let you put it in your diary, babe. Free of charge.
You want to wipe the slate clean as much as I do. Okay, so maybe I am killing everyone in the school because nobody loves me. You have a purpose though! Remember? Let's face it, the only place different social types can genuinely get along with each other is in heaven.
You didn't say Simon Says.
I knew that loose was too noose! I mean, noose too loose! Goddamn you!
If you'll excuse me......
You don't get it, do you? Society nods its head at any horror the American teenager can think to bring upon itself. We don't need gloves and does anyone really care about exact handwriting?
What in the hell do you think I'm doing? Taking out her tonsils?
Nag, nag, nag, nag. nag.
Look at that. Eskimo. One word. I love it. I usually go for whole sentences myself, but hey this is perfecto. Eskimo. So mysterious...
"You say tomayto, I say tomahto. Let's call the whole thing off...Hold it!
I don't get it! You were wrong! I was right! Strength, damnit! Come back!
I could be up for that. I've already started underlining <u>meaningful</u> passages in Heather's copy of Catcher in the Rye, if you know what I mean. So are we on?
Catch a movie? Miniature Golf?
Phase my ass! You'll be <u>back</u>! I'm storming Normandy beaches and you're running in place with Pauline Fonda's airhead peacenik exercise program. Have to stay tough! You'll be back.
Our relationship's moving fast, I know, but I have real, real respect for you.
Wha-at? Come on, there's another T.V. in the kitchen. You know you used to have a sense of humor.
Our sins? What sins? If you put a Nazi in a concentration camp, does that make you a Nazi?
You kids are making too much damn noise.
She wants to ignore the high school experience. Our way's better. We scare people into not being assholes.
I was just making it more special.
How do you think Mr. Kelly would react to a son with a limp wrist with a pulse?
Football season's over, Veronica. Kurt and Ram had nothing to offer the school but date-rapes and A.I.D.S. jokes.
Did to.
Did to.
You believed it because you wanted to believe it. Your true feelings were too gross and icky for you to face.
Of course.
Remember he's left-handed.
Don't move! I'll get him back!
Did you miss him completely?
This is Ohio. If you don't have a brewsky in your hand after dark you might as well be wearing a dress.
Perrier water!
You know it. Oh man, I almost forgot. The one perfecto thing I picked up...
We've got a Playgirl, a candy dish, a Joan Crawford post card, and lipstick.
Uh well hey, let's take a look at the homosexual artifacts I dug up. Now, prepare to be a little disappointed.
It doesn't work on small animals!
They used them on themselves to make it look like they were dead. Really quite a brilliant device, but too flamboyant to seriously produce.
Exquisite, but I don't think ununderstanding is a word.
Incredible similarity.
These are Ich Luge bullets. My grandfather snared a shitload of them in W.W. Two. They're like tranquilizers only they break the surface of the skin, enough to cause blood, but not any real harm.
Do you take German?
Get crucial. We won't be using blanks this time.
Our love is God. Let's get a Slurpee.
What is this shit?
Nice. The last time I saw my Mom, she was waving out the window of a library in Texas. Right, <u>Dad</u>?
Jason, why don't you ask your little friend to stay for dinner.
Heather Chandler is more popular than ever now.
Mute!
"I die knowing no one knew the real me."
That only proves my point more. The word is a badge for her failures at school.
This is the last thing she'll ever write. She'll want to cash in on as many fifty-cent words as poss.
"To me though, suicide is the natural answer to the myriad of problems life has given me."
Adolescence is a period of life fraught with anxiety and confusion.
We did a murder. In Ohio, that's a crime. But if this was like a suicide thing.....
I'm just a little freaked, all right?  You got what you wanted, you know.
What are we going to tell the cops? "Fuck it if she can't take a joke, Sarge."
And your worst enemy.
Something tells me you picked up the wrong cup.
Chick-en.
Yeah, great.
Okay we'll use this. She won't be able to tell what she's drinking.
Man Veronica, pull the plug on that shit. I say we go with Big Blue.
I'm a Pine-Sol man, myself.
Then let's just concoct ourselves a little hangover cure that'll induce her to spew red, white, and blue.
Good plan.
I guess I don't know what the hell I'm talking about.
Just saying it's not hard to end a life.
See the condoms in the grass over there. We killed tonight, Veronica. We murdered our baby.
A well-timed lightning bolt through her window and Monday morning, all the other heathers, shit, everybody would be cast fucking adrift.
Heather Chandler is one bitch that deserves to die.
That was my first game of Strip Croquet, you know. I thank you.
I saw the croquet set-up in the back. Up for a match?
Dreadful etiquette. I apologize.
Maybe it's time for a vacation.
I don't really like your friends either.
Everybody's life's got static. Is your life perfect?
My father seems to enjoy tearing things down more than putting things up. Seen the commerical? "Bringing every State to a Higher State."
Just a humble perk from my Dad's Construction company or should I say Deconstruction company?
The extreme always makes an impression, but you're right, it was severe. Did you say a Cherry or Coke Slurpee?
I've been moved around all my life; Dallas, Baton Rouge, Vegas, Sherwood Ohio, there's always a 7-11. Any town, any time, I can pop a Ham and Cheese in the microwave and feast on a Big Wheel. Keeps me sane.
You going to pull a Big Gulp with that?
Probably just row on out to the middle of a lake. Bring along my sax, some tequila, and some Bach.
That's the stupidest question I've ever heard.
There are no stupid questions.
