I doubt it. But it's something to do.
Nurse Hobbs said there's a disturbance in Leicester Square involving some sort of mad dog.
Tea would be nice.
I expect you shortly.
Shall I send a car?
You're certain he's lucid? You won't need any help?
Right. Now listen carefully. I want you to bring David here. I want him in my care. I'll notify the police that we've found him. It is imperative that you bring him straight to the hospital. Do you understand?
Could you get here without any trouble?
Is David acting strangely?
Have you read the papers today? Have you listened to the radio or television?
The zoo? Is he rational?
Is he all right? Why didn't you call me? Where was he?
Let's call the police and see if they can help us find our wandering boy.
Oh, I don't mean running about on all fours and howling at the moon. But in such a deranged state he could harm himself, or perhaps others.
David has suffered a severe trauma. I myself witnessed some form of mass neurosis in East Proctor. If all the villagers believe that Jack Goodman was killed by a werewolf, why shouldn't David? And then it follows that if he survived an attack by a werewolf, wouldn't he himself become a werewolf the next full moon?
You've absolutely no idea where David might be?
I think the village of East Proctor is hiding some dark and terrible secret. I'm convinced that, like David, they believe in this werewolf.
They were lying. There were no witnesses, no escaped lunatic. The whole community is hiding the truth of what actually happened up there.
I tried to investigate the attack. There are no records. The case was closed and now they've 'misplaced' the file. David's lacerations were cleaned and dressed when he arrived here and yet supposedly no doctor examined him before I did. The Goodman boy is already in the ground so he's no good to us. So I went to the pub in East Proctor where I was convinced of two things.
Warn him?
What did he say?
Has his friend appeared to him again?
Alex, has David persisted in his werewolf fantasies?
It's a full moon. Where is he?
Oh dear girl, your extracurricular activities are of no consequence to me. I don't give a damn who you sleep with. I'm concerned about David.
Come to my office, Miss Price.
Did he say a wolf?
The police report said an escaped lunatic attacked them. He must have been a very powerful man. Although I really don't see that it is any of your concern, Miss Price.
That would be Jack Goodman, the boy who was killed.
What exactly did he call out?
Oh, Miss Price?
Go about your duties.
Can I be of service, Miss Price?
Miss Gallagher, surely you must perform some function here at the hospital.
Of course not, David. I'll fetch in young Miss Price.
Believe me. The Hound of the Baskervilles was an invention of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's. And if you'd read the bloody book, you'd find that Holmes discovered your house of hell a fraud, a fake.
David, please. The police are satisfied. I'm certain that if a monster were out roaming northern England we'd have seen it on the telly.
I really don't know.
No. In fact, your wounds were cleaned and dressed before you arrived here.
You'd be surprised what horrors a man is capable of.
Yes.
Did you get a good look at the man who attacked you?
You've never had bad dreams before?
In time I'm sure it will all come back to you.
So they said.
Now we've just given you a pretty strong sedative, so try to get some rest now. Miss Price will see to your needs. Rest now.
You've suffered some rather severe cuts and bruises, lost a bit of blood, but nothing too serious; black and blue for a while. You'll have some dueling scars to boast of. That lunatic must have been a very fierce fellow. They say a mad man has the strength of ten.
You've been unconscious since you were brought in two weeks ago.
Miss Price! Miss Price, please!
Now, David, I want you to prepare yourself; your friend is dead.
I should think so after your recent traumatic experiences.
You're in a hospital in London.
Hello, David. I am Dr. Hirsch and this is a countryman of yours, Mr. Collins.
What can we do to assist you?
Regardless of what you think, Lieutenant, the fact remains that David is missing and that we must find him.
Why don't we ask him?
You were saying?
Well, then, what can I do for Scotland Yard?
Come in, come in. Please sit. Some tea?
Tell him I'm out. No, tell him I've passed away. An old war wound or something. Tell him I'm dead. And no more calls!
What here?
Excuse me.  Yes?
Send them in.
Yes?
I see. You've heard nothing about the incident?
What's that?
I suppose Guinness will suffice.
Campari and soda would do nicely.
