C'mon, Snake - it's L.A. Everything's phony, you know that.
Plissken, slow down the sub. You're overloading the power plant.
Some areas have power - they're on line to San Onofre.
L.A. is in a constant state of warfare. Gangs fighting for the right to rule.
The cigarette girl in New Vegas was an undercover cop. She injected you with incentive toxin. Right now it's swimming in your bloodstream. It'll start to take effect in 9 hours.
Somehow during the tour, she came into possession of a prototype transmitting device. We don't know how.
Perfect for the mission. Nobody else can pull it off - not an army, not a man.
You're gonna have to learn to respect the law, Snake. The United States is a no- smoking nation. No smoking, no drinking, do drugs, no women unless you're married, no guns, no foul language. It's a brand new day for you, Snake.
Plissken - this is Malloy. Do you have the prototype?
Where's the submarine? It's disappeared off our screens.
Plissken...?
Hands on switches and counting. 5...4...3...2...1. Launch.
Nuclear turbine to 75% power.
Lock fuel rods.
No.
A medical team will be standing by.
Let's just say it's what's best for the country.
Cahuenga Pass. Make your way up through the mountains toward the Hollywood Bowl. You should be able to pick up Utopia's tracer there.  Once you go inside, you're on your own.  You know what you have to do with the girl, don't you?  We have to spare this nation her trial - for treason.
All you need to know is get it back here by 5 a.m.
Third World wants to live like we do - and they plan on taking what they want. The Cubans and Brazilians are ready to invade Miami. If the Africans and Colombians make a run at the border, we got a full scale attack on the United States.
There's a war about to be declared, or didn't you know?
Only a handful of people are aware of its existence. Let's just say it's the ultimate defensive weapon.
I guess we have a deal. Nice to be working with you, Plissken.
You don't understand. It's already in you.
Having second thoughts?
That's the deal.
That's right, big shot. Unless you do what we want you're not coming back.
Top secret. Only on a need to know.
Shut up, Plissken.
How you doin' Plissken?  You like the watch?
Relax, war hero. We took you for a ride, and you came through. Not bad for a dirtbag like you.
Well, yeah. All you have to do is push the button.
The prototype appears to be armed, Mr. President.  Shall I begin evacuation?
Getting ready to invade.
It's the President, for Christ's sake!
