Yes, please.
But why me? I thought you only recruited boys with rich fathers. Look at my father, look at us, I mean...
Oh? More Jewish police? You mean you want me to wear a cap like yours, beat up Jews with my truncheon and catch the Gestapo spirit. I see!
Who's recruiting?
Your work, yes, playing the piano for all the parasites in the ghetto, they don't give a damn about people's sufferings, they don't even notice what's going on around them!
What's the matter with you all? Have you lost your sense of humour?
Okay, then I'll tell you something funny. You know who I mean by Dr. Raszeja.
What's this about?
The Germans go into Jewish homes and they just take what they want, furniture, valuables, anything.
And suppose they take the table away?
Yes, that's why I brought it.
'If you prick us, do we not bleed? If you tickle us, do we not laugh? If you poison us, do we not die? And if you wrong us, shall we not revenge?'
You'll be deported.
You have to have an employment certificate to work for one of the German firms in the ghetto, otherwise...
Hungry.
That's also my business.
It's nothing to do with you. It's me they wanted, not you. Why do you interfere in other people's business?
I can look after myself!
What did you pay him?
Did you beg, did you grovel to that piece of shit, that cockroach?
You go to Heller, did I ask you to talk to him?
Well, you know what's funny? You're funny with that ridiculous tie.
You don't know, believe me. They bribe the guards. The guards turn a blind eye. They're bringing in cartloads, food, tobacco, liquor, French cosmetics, and the poor are dying all around them and they don't give a damn.
Three lousy zlotys. And there are people here making millions.
Just one. Dostoevsky. The Idiot. Three zlotys.
No. Three hundred and sixty thousand, so it'll be easy.
A good place for what?  He's insane!
We leave the money and the watch on the table. And we cover it like this.  In full view. The Germans will search high and low, I promise you, they'll never notice it.
You know what we do? We use psychology.
No, no. Listen, I've been thinking --
Mama, that was a great dinner.
Warsaw's not the only radio station.
