Where's the radio?
If you can't make it back, I'll hold up at the Douglas Shaft. Stop worryin'.  You sound like a mother hen.
I copy.
And it's such a handsome head. Please Frank, and I swear I'll buy one of your paintings.
If I don't meet up with them, you can come and pick me up by nightfall.
He said the Tower, but he's on Comb Bluff?  Frank, fly me to the west valley, the winds are never too bad there and it's only a half hour climb to the Douglas Shaft.
Hal's signalling he's OK.
There's a lot more where that came from.  You're not leaving again?
What about you?!
Gabe?  Wait 'til I get over there.  Tie the rope so I can come across.
Don't lay any guilt on me. Suicide's a personal thing, best done alone.
Forget it!  I refuse!
I'm going to wrap it around your throat!
Enough's enough.  How could anybody in their right mind... then again, you never were in your right mind.
I won't do it.  No way.
Are you crazy?  Has the altitude shrunk your brain, Gabe?
Hand-holds?!  I can barely see them.
Oh, good. For a minute I thought you'd lost your mind.
What about you?
My heart can't take much more of this.  Look, if we climb down from here, it'll take two hours to get back to the station.
Forget it.  You're in no shape to climb alone. I stayed with you this far, and you didn't drop me, so I owe you. C'mon, let's go.  Hurry up, time is money.
If we go along the northern ridge, we can get there first.
I'm holding you to that.  Gabe, what about Frank?
Thanks for holding on.
Don't let me fall!
Gabe!
Frank!  No, Frank!  Frank!
I've never weighed 135 lbs.!
Never
This rope is sixty years old!
What?
We might be able to go that way.
They'll kill him!  He has no idea!
Get it!
No luck?
Gabe are you alright?
Can you see light?
Gabe!  Are you alright?
If we don't get out of here soon we can ask him in person.
Breathtaking.
Want me to lead?
I've gone this far, and right now I think I'm in better shape than you.
If you're not using your arm, can I borrow it?
Gabe...your arm?
Why can't things stay the way they are...everything has to change.  What we had was perfect.
No, actually it was more like mutual attacking.
Can you think of something more romantic than attacked?
It was great.
Remember the first time we came up here?
You still wear the cable necklace I gave you.
Neither can I.  What do you think they're doing now?
I'm glad you find humor in this.  Do you know what people would do for that?
What about you?
You know me, I'm a night person.
Excuse me?
For the same reason you did, to help.
I can't.  The radio's at the bottom of the shaft.  But Frank'll be looking for me soon. When he gets here I'll contact everybody from the chopper.
Where's Hal, what's going on?
Frank dropped me in the west valley and I hiked.  You look frozen.  What's happening?!
Looking for Hal.  Oh my God, I heard someone kick the door open...you came back.
Gabe!?
Can't do it?  I don't believe this.  Don't you feel anything?
I know you don't want to be responsible for anybody's life anymore, but walk away and you are responsible.  Please Gabe, he went up the west ridge.  If you go up the south face, you can catch him, no problem--
You mean the nerve.
What if he can't?
That's not the issue here, those people are.  He can't do it alone.
If he gets up there and the weather gets as bad as it can, they'll never make it down.  He needs someone who has emergency medical training and knows every handhold on these peaks.
Thank God you didn't leave.  We just got a Mayday.  Seven climbers stranded off Comb Bluff. The weather's pouring in fast and Hal's gone up alone.
You know where everything is...  I'm late for my shift.
And I can't leave.
You come back after being gone almost a year, and you expect me to just leave...  This was <u>our</u> home, now it's <u>my</u> home.  I can't leave.  You can stay with me, and believe me, I want you to, but to just take off for the wrong reasons, I can't do it.  And you shouldn't either.
Where?
Gabe, did you come back to stay?  You didn't.
Course maybe you don't have to wait until I faint.
Listen to you...  The old "mouth-to-mouth" resuscitation routine, huh?
A flare up...
Which could maybe what?
Resuscitation?
I'm not going to faint, but if I want to faint, I'll faint, okay?
Did I miss something?
Excuse me?
You're saying, I don't understand?  I'm the <u>only</u> one who does understand.  I'm the one you lived with for two years, I'm the one you made promises to, I'm the one who spent too many nights looking up at these rocks and wondering if you were ever going to make it down in once piece or ever at all.  Believe me, there's been times I didn't know what I wanted to do more, love you or hate you.  But the one thing in our relationship that I did know and still do know is that I <u>understand you</u>.
I don't understand?
Then turn it off, Gabe, because it doesn't get any better.
I was there, you were the only one who didn't panic.  So do everyone a favor, don't hog all the guilt.  You held on as long as you could.  Yes, everything did go wrong, starting with Hal. I mean, what was he doing up on the Tower with a girl who could barely climb?
Why can't you believe that you did everything you could?
I know...
Had to leave?  Believe me, we all wanted to leave...but you know what?  We stayed.
Maybe I can help. Let's see... if one night I got up and packed up all my things and drove away without leaving so much as a note, and stayed away for months, I think what I'd want to do is come up with a well thought-out reason.
Where've you been?
Hello, Gabriel.
The winds are picking up.
Don't believe it...  You know the trouble with you is you have no brain filter. Everything you think just pours right out.
Oh, please.
Enough.
You can stop right there.
He knows it well.
Oh, my God!  I can't recognize the face, but the butt does look vaguely familiar.
Gabe?  Gabe, where are you?
Wait, I think I have them sighted.  What's the word, Frank?
Patience my love, patience.
Then it's a deal.
Oh, my God!
You gotta be kidding me!  Do you want me to fly up after you? Over.
Where's the rest of the team?
Who's going with you?
Got to be Comb Bluff.
Go after her.
Copy.  Hal, tell Gabe he only makes advances <u>to me</u> or else he'll be walking down four thousand feet, and sleeping outside.
