Then where the fuck is!
He asked you, how far?!  I think you've been taking the scenic route.  How far from here?
It looks like a winding route.
Have her come up.
Tucker and Walker, we've lost three bags.
What's your names?
Anyone else following?
Calm down...give the gun to me. You're out of control, son.
These are highly trained agents overreacting without just cause.
What the hell are you doing--
Who the hell ever is.  This is the most protected shipment we've got-- and the most useless. These bills aren't even <u>in</u> circulation; the one thousand dollar bills we're transporting are only used for international banking exchange.
I don't give a shit, Qualen!  I had to be insane to ever tie up with a low-life, piece of shit like you.  They beat us.  A couple of fuckin' hick mountain boys beat the man no law agency ever could.
No, that son-of-a-bitch Walker is alive.
I told you, 50,000 possible keycode combinations, in fifteen second intervals.
Why the hell are we wasting time here?!
Is it set?
This is insane.  The hell with the money.  You radio in for that chopper, understand!
You dumb bastard, you waited too long.  If he made it back, this place would have been covered with police in a few hours.  The way we're moving, it's going to be anyway.
We're down to a few hours before the whole world shows up here.  Where's the next one?
He's alive!
This way.
What about it?
We can't and he knows it.
I don't trust him.
Don't give him anything.
Get off my back, Qualen!
There, what's that place?
You're both with the mountain rescue team?
Don't use my name!
Why?  What are you going to do?!
Kill me?  Christ we're partners in this!
Let's move your ass in there!!
Somehow I didn't think you'd wait for me if I'd sent it first.
On my way.  The cases are hooked up and ready.
We should be.  Everybody wants what we have.
I haven't lost a bill in eighteen years, don't jinx me, Walt.
You're the boss.  Let's head out to the tarmac.  Matheson, have you been totally briefed?
We've got a full crew, but we can squeeze one more, right.
Richard Travers.
Good morning, Walt.
