Shut up! This is a professional relationship!
How do you think I feel? You shit!
How could you do this to me?
You stupid bastard!
Bastard!!!
Shut up!
Well, could you stay away from me until this thing blows over.
Sam - we've always been close, haven't we?
There are no coincidences, Sam. Everything's connected, all along the line. Cause and effect. That's the beauty of it. Our job is to trace the connections and reveal them.  This whole Buttle/Tuttle confusion was obviously planned from the inside. Bye bye.
I do. Goodbye.
Tell that to the wives of the Security men she blew up this afternoon. Listen, we've also had a report just in from Central Services that Tuttle has wrecked an entire flat and sabotaged adjacent Central Services systems - as a matter of fact, in your block. I'd keep my eyes open if I were you, Sam. Bye.
I'm sorry, Sam, I'm afraid this whole case has become much more complicated since last we talked.
Sam ... we're proud to have you at Information Retrieval. Merry Xmas.
Do you know what you're doing.
Er ... alright. For Christ's sake don't lose it. Here, you'd better sign for it.
We don't make mistakes.
There's no procedure for that until she's been arrested.
But, I've already put her on the search and detain list.
Right! Just between as and the Security Forces.
You're the only person I can trust.
Of course. We went to school together. You're my oldest friend.
What does that mean? I don't want to be involved in anything unsavoury.
Well, I ... Good point. What do you suggest?
Get her out of circulation - I've put her on the detention list.
Kindness? What's the purpose behind this line of enquiry?
{baffled) I don't follow you.
Why?
Barbara's a perfectly good name, isn't it?
Look after that suit, eh. Barbara chose it for me.
She witnessed the Tuttle arrest - the Buttle arrest - and since then she's been making wild allegations, obviously trying to exploit the situation - she's working for somebody, and she's not working for us.
Yes. I'm impressed.
Very smart.
You didn't know as much about this business as you pretended to, did you?
He's a compulsive heating engineer. A maverick ex-Central Service repair man with a grudge against society. Now, fortunately, we're nearly out of the wood, I think. At least we will be when I get this Layton woman under arrest.
We suspect him of freelance subversion.
What I've got to do now is pick up Tuttle, interrogate him at the same voltage as Buttle, to the same meter reading to the last penny, and juggle the books in electrical banking.
There are some real bastards in this department who don't mind breaking a few eggs to make an omelette, but thank God there are the new boys like me who want to maintain decent civilized standards of terrorist eradication. We've got the upper hand for the moment, but they're waiting for us to slip up, and a little slip- up like this is just the chance they're looking for.
Sam, there are very rigid parameters laid down to avoid that event but Buttle's heart condition did not appear on Tuttle's file. Don't think I'm dismissing this business, Sam. I've lost a week's sleep over it already.
I did not get the wrong man. I got the right man. The wrong man was delivered to me as the right man! I accepted him, on trust, as the right man. Was I wrong? Anyway, to add to the confusion, he died on us. Which, had he been the right man, he wouldn't have done.
Well, your A. Buttle has been confused with T47/215, an A. Tuttle. I mean, it's a joke! Somebody should be shot for that. So B58/732 was pulled in by mistake.
Christ! You do know it all!
OK. OK. Let's not fence around ... This is the situation. Some idiot somewhere in the building, some insect, confused two of our clients, B58/732 and T47/215.
Enough though, eh?
How much do you know?
Please, Sam, we're going to have to be open to each other on this one. If you make a reputation with this case, it'll be at my expense.
You clever bastard! I might have guessed. You only moved in today and you're already hot on the bloody trail.
Layton! Oh shit!
OK. Come back this afternoon, about four o'clock. If you give me the number of the case, I'll have the dossier here waiting.  My tailor,... well worth the investment.
What?
Terrific. I'm really glad you dropped by. Unfortunately, I don't have any time right now I've got a queue of customers to deal with - er, why don't we have a drink tonight?
For my sins. Are you settling in alright?
Sorry about that ... Mr Helpmann told me you were coming aboard - congratulations!
SAM! What a surprise!
Mr Helpmann!
Dr. Jaffe has pinned her ears back.
Remember how they used to stick out?
{winking at Sam) She doesn't like me telling anyone but she's pleased as anything really.
You remember Alison?
Triplets.
Sam, your life is going wrong - let your friends tell you - Records is a dead end department, no Security Level worth a damn, it's impossible to get noticed -
You are late.
What's the matter?
Me? - if I'm worried about anyone, it's you. What happened to you, Sam? You were the brightest of us -
Problem? - No problem - yes, everything's going fantastically well, wonderful, marvelous, great career prospects, Alison in great shape, kids fine, beautiful home, I'm on Security Level Five now, and Mr Helpmann relies on me more and more, yes, couldn't be better, I feel terrifically motivated and job- rewarded -
Long time no see!
Sam!
