I have to save Eugene!
What did you see?
Speed up.
Another premonition?
What did you see?  What am I looking for?
I don't think so.  Alex's premonitions happened exactly as he saw them no matter how much we tried to change it.
Six duds in a row.
Are you crazy?  What makes you think you'd survive?
What are you doing?  You're going to kill us!
How you doing in there, hero?
So let's do it.
Please, what else could it mean?
Then it wasn't just a sign. It was a premonition?
You were there?
You have to tell us now.
I hope you're ready for this.
I didn't beat it; I hid from it. If you were smart you'd put a down payment on a burial plot and say goodbye to the dog, because what little life you have left is over as you know it.  Don't make new friends, don't fall in love, and don't ever bother trying to save others.  That's the worst killer of them all.
That's what Alex used to ask himself right up until...
If you have the same power as Alex, you'll be seeing signs soon.  When you see anything creepy or ominous, an in-your-face irony kinda thing? Don't ignore it.  It usually means the difference between life and death.
That's good.  Get all your tears out now, you'll need your eyes.  For the signs.
Congratufuckinglations.  That makes you last to go.  But don't worry, once the others are dead, it'll come back for you.  Always does.
The survivors of Flight 180 died in the exact order they were originally meant to die in the plane crash. That was Death's original design.
Death's list.  The precise order you're going to die in.
Well, if you put them on the list, they're already tits up.
Nice work.  Maybe if you're real lucky, you'll wind up in here with me.  But I doubt you'll survive that long.
Yeah, how?
Kimberly Burroughs, eh?  What do you want?
She had the baby?
A guard grabbed me before I could find Eugene.
If only Alex and I had done that with the others, Alex might still be...
We need to hurry.
Make sure all these people will be at the meeting tonight.
Holy shit.  He said "only new life can defeat death."  If she gives birth to a baby that was never meant to be born, a brand new soul that was never part of Death's Design...
He probably already knows we're coming.
A mortician.  He seemed to know a hell of a lot more about death than he ever told us.
That's why Death is working backwards. It's tying up all the loose ends, sealing the rift once and for all This chapter of the screenplay contains scene that do not appear or occur elsewhere in the final movie. In order to maintain the integrity of the screenplay, it has not been edited.
Being alive after our time caused an outward ripple - a rift in Death's design.
Your entire world view just went out the window.  I couldn't expect a religious conversation overnight. We'll get through this.  I promise.
Random, sure.
What about you, Kimberly?  Did you anyone from Flight-?
Carter.
What about the rest of you?  Kimberly, you were driving to Daytona.  Was Route 18 your first choice?
The only reason he was on Route 18 was because he own the lottery and had to collect the winnings.
