Thanks, comrade.
Don't mind about me. But could you do me a favor and clear her place and take away all evidence of her, and bring me a big glass of vodka?
What happened?
Do you have a girlfriend?
May I presume to ask you a question?
Can I get another one of these?
Could you do away with her dinner, and any evidence of her, and bring me an big glass of vodka?
I'm freezing
Good night. Can I kiss you on the cheek, too?
I'm too old for me. That's my predicament.
We could go to my apartment. You could see how the other half lives.
I'm a little cold.
People home.
I guess you can't invite me in?
Temperature's dropping.
You knew that man?
May I walk with you a ways?
I teach these classes I've taught for a million years. The spontaneity went out of it for me a long time ago. I started off, I was excited about something and I wanted to share it. Now it's rote, it's the multiplication table. Except sometimes. Sometimes I'm droning along and I look up, and there's this fresh young beautiful face, and it's all new to her and I'm this great guy who's just brilliant and thinks out loud. And when that happens, when I look out among those chairs and look at a young woman's face, and see me there in her eyes, me the way I always wanted to be and maybe once was, then I ask her out on a date. It doesn't last. It can go for a few weeks or a couple of precious months, but then she catches on that I'm just a burnt out old gasbag and that she's as fresh and bright and full of promise as moonlight in a martini. And at that moment, she stands up and throws a glass of water in my face, or some action to that effect.
Maybe. Listen. You wanna know why I chase women? I find women charming.
Nerves.
Go ahead.
Then why are you eating alone?
I'll remember that. What do you do?
Yes.
Sheila? Yes she was. Is. Was.
I'm a professor. I teach communications at N.Y.U.
Then I'd be delighted. I hate eating alone, and it's amazing how often I end up doing just that.
Are you sure?
Sorry. That was rude.
Ouch. Too young! I just got that. You know how to hurt guy. How old are you?
My lady friend has a personality disorder.
I'm sorry if we disturbed you.
