I think it was Wordsworth who penned this little gem: 'Press the button, pull the chain, out comes a chocolate choo-choo train.'
Damn. What exactly do you do at Virtucon?
Is it about my teeth?
To my health.
'Milk, milk, lemonade.  Round the corner fudge is made.  Stick your finger in the hole, And out comes a tootsie roll!'
'Pardon me for being rude, It was not me, it was my food.  It just popped up to say hello, and now it's gone back down below.'
Mmmm... I feel extreme relaxation.
Sak-i it to me!
Or sometimes not at all.
Groovy.
I'd rather talk about Number Two.
Behave!
I didn't, baby, you just told me.
Your boss, Number Two, I understand that cat's involved in big underground drills.
Call me Ritchie, Miss Fagina. May I call you Alotta...  Please?
What, and watch all my earnings go...  Down the toilet?
You seem surprised to see me.
Smashing!
If you can become famous, everyone will have their fifteen minutes of fame, man.
Here, have this can of Campbell's Tomato Soup.
Hey, how are you?
Yes Basil?
Thanks, Basil. Maybe the Nineties aren't so bad after all.
Congratulations, Field Agent Kensington!
I'd say that about sums it up, Exposition.
Thanks.
Yes, Basil?
I think if everyone were honest, they'd confess that the lady looks exactly like a man in drag.
You must admit, she is rather mannish. No offense, but if that's a woman, it looks like she's been beaten with an ugly stick.
I'm sorry, Basil, I thought she was a man.
That's not your mother, that's a man!
Maybe these photographs are the last piece of that puzzle.  I've uncovered the details on Project Vulcan. It's a new subterranean warhead delivery system.
Circus folk.  Nomads, you know. They smell like cabbage.
Carnies.
Excuse me?
Thank you, Exposition. Only two things, scare me, and one is nuclear war.
Hello, Exposition.
Thank you.
Yes?
Oh, yes. Thank you.
Yes?
Thank you, Basil.
She's working on another lead right now.
Right away, Exposition.
Yes?
Thank you, Exposition.
Thanks.
Yes?
Thank you, Exposition.
My God, Vanessa's got a smashing body. I bet she shags like a minx. How do I tell them that because of the unfreezing process, I have no inner monologue?  I hope I didn't say that out loud just now.
You mean Mrs. Kensington?
When do I begin?
Groovy. Smashing! Good on ya!  Nice tie. Yea capitalism!
Thank God. Those capitalist dogs will finally pay for their crimes against the people, hey Comrades?
Russian Intelligence? Are you mad?
Yes, I'm having trouble controlling...  THE VOLUME OF MY VOICE!
WHO ARE THESE PEOPLE?
Where am I?
Thank you.  Let's go, baby!
Yes?
Thank you.
Just where you'd never think to look for him. We'll be there.
Dr. Evil? I thought I put him in jail for good.
We know all that, Exposition.
Good on ya, man.
Well, you can't always get what you want.
Hey, Mick!
Why not? It's a question.
Really? Let me ask you this. What is love?
Well, Destructacon 5000, you have quite a head on your shoulders, I dare to coin.
Man, you are one chilly square!
It seems the tables have turned again, Dr. Evil.
That's why right now is a very groovy time, man. We still have freedom, but we also have responsibility.
No, man, what we swingers were rebelling against were uptight squares like you, whose bag was money and world domination. We were innocent, man. If we'd known the consequences of our sexual liberation, we would have done things differently, but the spirit would have remained the same.  It's freedom, man.
I've got you, Dr. Evil!
Dr. Evil, do you really expect them to pay?
I'm sorry, baby, I'm just not grocking your head space.
What's wrong with your hand?
Behave!
That's fab, because I love you, too, Vanessa.
Lay it on me.
I'm going it alone this time, Vanessa. I have a follow-up visit with the Evil Doctor.
Don't worry!
Follow me! We're going to have to jump over the rail!
Hold on a tick, let me put on my togs.
I can explain. They attacked me. Gas came out of her...well, and then they... and I...
It's not what it looks like, Vanessa.  At ease, boys.
Anyways, what I'm trying to say is that if you want me to be a one-woman man, well, that's just groovy, because... I love you.
Listen, Vanessa, whatever happens, I just want you to know that I feel bad about shagging that Italian girl. I had a sip of sake and all of the sudden, I don't know what happened. The whole time I was shagging her-- I mean really shagging her, I mean it was crazy, I was like a huge mechanical piston, in and out, IN and OUT!--
Too right, youth. That's why I need you to lead the troops.
We've got a freaked out square and world annihilation is his bag.  You go get help. I'm gonna stay here and keep an eye on the bad Doctor.
Fair enough.
It's a shame he wasn't more headstrong.
That's not the way to get ahead in life.
Not a good time to lose one's head.
Smashing idea! Give it to me.
All right, I get it. I have bad teeth. You have to understand, in Britain in the Sixties you could be a sex symbol and still have bad teeth. It didn't matter.
First, I plan to soil myself. Then, I plan to regroup and think about the next move. Any thoughts?
Does that make you horny?
Yes, act naturally and we'll split this scene the way we came in, Vanessa.
Don't worry, baby. I picked up a mind control technique during my travels to India. I learned it from my guru, the late Guru Shastri, a chaste man who mysteriously died of a disease that had all the hallmarks of syphilis.  Just watch me. Watch me, now.
No! Don't lay your hang-ups on me, Vanessa. You're being very trippy.
Who?
Since I've been unfrozen, I've had a rancid taste in my mouth. Do you have a piece of gum?
Out and about, doing odds and sods.
Yeah, I can't believe Liberace was gay. Women loved him, man. I didn't see that one coming.
Hello, luv.
It was just a shag, Vanessa. You're everything to me.
Well they should, filthy beggars, they go from port to port.  Alotta meant nothing to me.
Only sailors use condoms, man.
Of course, I had my nine-millimeter automatic.
Don't be sorry. You're right to be suspicious. I shagged her. I shagged her rotten.
Of course, luv.
Look at her hands, baby! Those are carpenter's hands.
She was very groovy. She was so in love with your Dad. If there was one other cat in this world that could have loved your Mum and treated her as well as you Dad did, it was me. But, unfortunately for yours truly, that train has sailed.
I can't. You're drunk.
Oh, yes you are.
You're smashed, Vanessa.
No, this is me in a nutshell.
I'm sorry that bug up your ass had to die.
I'm sorry.
Sorry. Move your hand to the left. There you go. Gorgeous.
Fancy a nibble?
You're crazy. The camera loves you, Vanessa.
No worries, luv. We'll just give Basil a tinkle on the telling bone...
Well, you know... cows, and shagging.
Let me tell you a story. There's these two bulls on top of a hill checking out some foxy cows in the meadow below. The young bull says, 'hey, why don't we run down the hill and shag us a cow?', and the wise old bull replies, 'no, why don't we walk down the hill and shag all the cows?'
He's too well-protected right now.
I never forget a pussy... cat.
Hello, hello. That's Dr. Evil's cat.
Let me see.
We've got a doctor's appointment-- an evil doctor's appointment.
Good morning, Vanessa! I hope you have on clean underwear.
Good morning, luv, who are you on the phone with?
That cat Number Two has an X-ray eyepatch. I get bad vibes from him, man. Listen, we should go back to the room, but first I have to go to the naughty chair and see a man about a dog.
I can't see a bloody thing.
I'm going to use a cover name. It's important that it be a generic name so that we don't draw attention to ourselves.
I love Las Vegas, man. Oh, I forgot my x-ray glasses.
I think I'll give that stew a ding-a- ling.
Hey, who put this in here? Someone's playing a prank on me!  Honestly, this isn't mine.
Why? What's wrong with my teeth?
Let me guess. The floss is garotte wire, the toothpaste contains plastic explosives, and the toothbrush is the detonation device.
You've preserved my Jag! Smashing!
Listen, Vanessa, I'm a swinger... That's what I do, I swing.
Do I make you horny? Randy, you know. To you, am I eros manifest?
Do I make you horny?
Brrrr! She must be frigid. There's two things I know about life: one, Americans will never take to soccer. Two, Swedish girls and stewardesses love to shag!  They're shag-mad, man! Let me ask you a question, Vanessa, and be honest.
That's right. You're supposed to say 'colored' now, right?  Here's the stewardesses! Bring on the sexy stews!
You know, a Chigro... part Chinese, part Negro...  Chigro.
Have you ever made love to a Chigro?
My meat and two veg.
My wedding tackle.
I've been frozen for thirty years, man, I want to see if my bits and pieces are still working.
That's fascinating, Vanessa. Listen, why don't we go into the back and shag?
Pretty groovy Jumbo Jet, eh? How does a hot chick like you end up working at the Ministry of Defense?
My jumbo jet? Smashing baby.
OK, OK, man, don't get heavy, I'll sign. Just to get things moving, baby.
If it's a lie, goddamn her. It it's the truth, goddamn me.  God, I hope that's witty. How's your mum?
Well, as long as people are still having promiscuous sex with many anonymous partners without protection, while at the same time experimenting with mind-expanding drugs in a consequence-free environment, I'll be sound as a pound.
I don't even know what this is. This sort of thing ain't my bag, baby.
I'm telling you, baby, that's not mine.
That's not mine.
Danger's my middle name.
Actually, my name's Austin Powers.
Where did you learn to shoot?
I'm going to go across the street and get you some sherbert.
No, no, I want you to have it, even if it's my last piece.
Don't mind if I do.
Here, have a piece of gum.
Everything seems to be in order.
Sure.
