Be careful!
But, wait, I-- you got me again. Oh, and Austin--
Here's the number of my dentist, he's first rate. Ring him up, he'll look after you.
Austin, I have something for you as well.
Not quite, actually. Vanessa, I have something for you.
Well, Austin, you've stopped Dr. Evil from destroying the world with his subterranean nuclear probe, and somehow you and Agent Kensington managed to escape unscathed from his evil lair.
Be careful.
I'm leaving!  Oh, and Austin?
All right, Austin, I think you should go.
Damn it, man! You're talking about my mother!
My God, Austin, what have you done?
Good God, and underground missile. We've long feared such a development.
Indeed... If we could get back to the business at hand. It's one thing to have a warhead, it's quite another thing to have the missiles to launch it.
What?
What's the other thing you're scared of?
What's the other?
Austin, Vanessa, let me bring you up to speed. Dr. Evil has high- jacked a nuclear warhead from Kreplachistan and is holding the world ransom for one-hundred billion dollars. If the world doesn't pay up in four days, he's threatening to destroy the world.
Be careful.
There's one more thing, Austin.
Let me remind you that because of the unfreezing process you might experience flatulence at moments of extreme relaxation.
Oh, and Austin...
Then you'll have to go it alone. Good luck.
Where is Vanessa, by the way?
Hello, Austin, this is Basil Exposition from British Intelligence. Thank you for confirming the link between Dr. Evil and Virtucon. Find out what part Virtucon plays in something called Project Vulcan. I'll need you and Vanessa to get on that immediately.
Be careful.
Oh, and Austin...
Hello Austin. Hello Vanessa. This is Basil Exposition, from British Intelligence.  There's a company in Las Vegas called Virtucon that we think may be linked to Dr. Evil. Many of the Virtucon executives gamble at the hotel/casino where you'll be staying. That's the first place you should look.  Well, I'm off to the chat rooms.
Be careful.
Oh, and Austin...
Yes, well...Agent Kensington will get you set up. She's very dedicated. Perhaps, a little too dedicated.  She's got a bit of a bug up her ass. Good luck, Austin, the world's depending on you.
Vanessa's one of our top agents.
No, Austin, Mrs. Kensington has long- since retired. Ms.  Kensington is her daughter.
Immediately. You'll be working with Ms. Kensington.
We won, Austin.
A lot's happened since you were frozen, Austin. The cold war's over.
You might also experience a slight fever, dry mouth, and flatulence at moments of extreme relaxation. Austin, this is Commander Gilmour, Strategic Command, and General Borschevsky, Russian Intelligence.
The shouting is a temporary side- effect of the unfreezing process.
You're in the Ministry of Defense. It's 1997. You've been cryogenically frozen for thirty years.
Be careful.
Oh, and Austin...
Good luck, Austin.
I'm afraid not. Earlier this week, Dr. Evil escaped from Zedel Edel Prison in Baaden Baaden and now he's planning a trap for you tonight at the Electric Psychedelic Pussycat Swinger's Club in Picadilly Circus here in swinging London.
I just wanted to be extremely clear so that everyone knows what's going on at any given time. We've just received word that Dr. Evil, the ultimate square, is planning to take over the world.
Hello, Austin. This is Basil Exposition, Chief of British Intelligence.  You're Austin Powers, International Man of Mystery, and you're with Agent Mrs. Kensington. The year is 1967, and you're talking on a picture phone.
