Not really. Kill the little bastard. See what I care.
Really, there's nothing more pathetic than an aging hipster.
Your freedom has cause more pain and suffering in the world than any plan I ever dreamed of. Face it, freedom failed.
Well done, Mr. Powers. We're not so different, you and I. It's true, you're British, and I'm Belgian. You have a full head of hair, mine is slightly receding. You're thin, I'm about forty pounds overweight. OK, we are different, I'm not making a very good point. However, isn't it ironic, Mr. Powers, that the very things you stand for-- swinging, free love, parties, distrust of authority- are all now, in the Nineties, considered to be... evil? Maybe we have more in common than you care to admit.
No, Mr. Powers, I expect them to die. Even after they pay me the money, I'm still going to melt all the cities of the world with hot magma.  All right, guard, begin the unnecessarily Slow-Moving Dipping Mechanism.
Oh forget it. As a fellow player on the international stage, Mr.  Powers, I'm sure you'll enjoy watching the curtain fall on the third and final act.
Don't try to suck up to me! It's a little late for that. I'm a freak! Look at it, it's been rendered useless.
Right. Okay. Moving on.
You've all been gathered here to form my Evil Cabinet. Excuse me.
Some of you I know, some of you I'm meeting for the first time.
We've got a lot of work to do.
Let this be a reminder to you all that this organization will not tolerate failure.
Silence!
And look what you've done to Mr. Bigglesworth!
Can't you see I'm only half a man? Look at me, I'm a freak!
Really? Are they ill-tempered?
Right.
I have one simple request-- sharks with friggin' laser beams attached to their heads, and it can't be done? Remind me again why I pay you people? What do we have?
What is it now?
Right.  Mr. Powers, we're going to lower you in a tank of piranhas with laser beams attached to their heads.
Yes, what is it? You're interrupting my moment of triumph.
Release the sharks!  All the sharks have had laser beams attached to their heads. I figure every creature deserves a warm meal.
I like to see girls of that caliber. By caliber, I mean both the barrel size of their guns and the high quality of their character... Forget it.
Quite impressive.
Breathtaking, Frau. These automated strumpets are the perfect bait for the degenerate Powers.
Austin Powers is getting too close. He must be neutralized. Any suggestions?
My son?
Yes.
The details of my life are quite inconsequential.
Actually, the boy's quite astute. I am trying to kill him. My Evil Associates have cautioned against it, so here he is, unfortunately, alive.
No, the boy's right. I really am evil.
Evil, actually, Doctor Evil.
Scott, don't say that...
I had the group liquidated, you little shit. They were insolent.
What did you say?
Don't you want to see what Daddy does for a living?
Come, everyone, let us repair to the main chamber. Project Vulcan is about to begin. Scott, are you coming?
No, Scott. You just don't get it, do you?
No, we'll leave them alone and not actually witness them dying, and we'll just assume it all went to plan.
Fine. Whatever. Mutated, ill-tempered sea bass it is.  Come, let's return to dinner. Close the tank.
One more peep out of you and you're grounded. Let's begin.
I have a better idea. I'm going to put him in an easily-escapable situation involving an overly- elaborate and exotic death.
In due time.
Scott, I want you to meet Daddy's nemesis, Austin Powers.
And that's how you want to live your life, is it?
Fascinating. What are your plans for this evening?
Scott my boy, come here. How was your day?
An evil petting zoo?
An evil vet?
But Scott, who's going to take over the world when I die?
Hello, Scott. I'm your father, Dr. Evil.  I have a son! I have a son! Everyone, I have a son!  Someday, Scott, this will all be yours.
Oh, really?  One-hundred billion dollars.  OK, make it happen. Anything else?
All right then...  ...FIVE MILLION DOLLARS!
Right.  Oh, hell, let's just do what we always do. Let's hijack some nuclear weapons and hold the world hostage.  Gentlemen, it's come to my attention that a breakaway Russian Republic called Kreplachistan will be transferring a nuclear warhead to the United Nations in a few days. Here's the plan. We get the warhead, and we hold the world ransom...  ...FOR ONE MILLION DOLLARS!
People have to tell me these things. I've been frozen for thirty years, throw me a bone here.  OK, no problem. Here's my second plan. Back in the Sixties I had a weather changing machine that was in essence a sophisticated heat beam which we called a "laser."  Using this laser, we punch a hole in the protective layer around the Earth, which we scientists call the "Ozone Layer." Slowly but surely, ultraviolet rays would pour in, increasing the risk of skin cancer. That is, unless the world pays us a hefty ransom.
Gentlemen, I have a plan. It's called blackmail. The Royal Family of Britain are the wealthiest landowners in the world. Either the Royal Family pays us an exorbitant amount of money, or we make it look like Prince Charles, the heir to the throne, has had an affair outside of marriage and, therefore, they would have to divorce.
