"Take a sixth step, that we may follow our vows in life."
"Take a fifth step, that we may serve the people."
Eleven.
There's no room! And the air is lovely.
All the more reason.
In this place there are no untouchables -- and no work is beneath any of us!
Everyone takes his turn.
Oww!
Yes -- I can't talk like this.
Here, you see? Even the South African papers apologize -- "a monstrous attack."
Just like proper English gentlemen. I'm proud of them.
"A high court judge has confirmed that Mr. Gandhi would have been within his rights to prosecute for assault since neither he nor Mr. Khan resisted arrest." -- I told you about English law.
Nothing's more dangerous, especially for an old man.
Enough.
I'm simply going to prove to Muslims there, and Hindus here, that the only devils in the world are those running around in our own hearts -- and that's where all our battles ought to be fought.
I expect you to show as much patience as I am now.
No. That is what you get for distracting me.
Not without defeats -- and great pain.  But are there no defeats in this war -- no pain?  What you cannot do is accept injustice. From Hitler -- or anyone. You must make the injustice visible -- be prepared to die like a soldier to do so.
Jinnah has -- has cooperated with the British. It has given him power and the freedom to speak, and he has filled the Muslims with fears of what will happen to them in a country that is predominantly Hindu.  That I find hard to bear -- even in prison.
No -- prison is rather agreeable to me, and there is no doubt that after the war, independence will come. My only worry is what shape it will take. Jinnah has --
It does. We must be getting old, Charlie.
I'm sure your legs are quite as handsome as mine.
If I want to be one with them, I have to live like them.
Not quite. They're only "holding me" until the Magistrate's hearing. Then it will be prison.
What are you doing?
Let me hang on with two hands or I will fall.
Well, we shall try.
I thought you were a man of God.
Not anymore.  At first I was amazed... but when you are fighting in a just cause, people seem to pop up -- like you -- right out of the pavement. Even when it is dangerous or --
You're a clergyman.
Some of it good, I hope.
I'm sorry.
No, no -- just a moment, please.
A -- a week.
No -- neither do I. But...  but this man is a Christian and he has written --
Tell me -- do you think about hell?
That the fighting will stop -- that you make me believe it will never start again.
They are only clinging to old dreams  and trying to split us in the old way. But the will has gone -- Independence will drop like a ripe apple. The only question is when  and how.
Wait and see... wait and see...
And Jinnah?
Panditji -- please, help me.
Tell that to the families of the policemen who died.
If we obtain our freedom by murder and bloodshed I want no part of it.
We must end the campaign.
I've never spoken for anything else.
Maybe I'm wrong... maybe we're not ready yet. In South Africa the numbers were small...
Fortunately such news comes very slowly where I live.
We only make wild speeches, or perform even wilder acts of terrorism. We've bred an army of anarchists but not one single group that can really fight the British anywhere.
Are you going to walk all the way?
Not if they arrest me -- or a thousand -- or ten thousand.  It is not only generals who know how to plan campaigns.
You've done me a great service.
I've traveled so far -- and thought so much.  As you can see, my city was a sea city -- always filled with Hindus and Muslims and Sikhs and Jews and Persians.  The temple where you were yesterday is of my family's sect, the Pranami. It was Hindu of course but the priests used to read from the Muslim Koran and the Hindu Gita, moving from one to the other as though it mattered not at all which book was read as long as God was worshipped.
Do you remember much of South Africa?
Perhaps. I've come here to think about it.
And you've come all this way because you think something is going to happen?
Even as a boy I thought so.
I hope not.
That's right. The word only means "community." But it could stand for "village"... or the world.
There are unjust laws -- as there are unjust men.
I don't know... I'm still searching for a "response."
Without a paper -- a journal of some kind -- you cannot unite a community.  You belong to a very important profession.
It is foolish if it is just to save the life of an old man.
I'm sure I'm fit for at least five hundred miles.
Do you find me stubborn?
First spin. Let the others march for a time.
Good.  Ba will have to teach you to spin too.
Muslim and Hindu are the right and left eye of India. No one will be slave, no one master.
An eye for an eye only ends up making the whole world blind.  We must stop.
I mean a day of prayer and fasting. But of course no work could be done -- no buses, no trains, no factories, no administration. The country would stop.
The honor is ours. May I introduce Mr. Kallenbach. He's an old friend  and his interest is in flowers. I presumed to tell him he could wander your gardens while we talked.
I --
There is nothing I can give.
They are preparing for war. I will not support it, but I do not intend to take advantage of their danger.
Not true!  The secret is mastering the urge.
I am beginning to know Mr. Nehru.
No.
I'm hardly that, Mr. Patel.
Who is that young man?
If we hold firm, it won't be the last.
It's split the Government.
My wife publicly defied the law. They've arrested her and four others.
So did I.
They're sparing no one, I see.
I -- I will write to the press -- here -- and in England.  And I will use the courts.
Well, then, it must be fought. We are children of God like everyone else.
You mean you employ Mr. Baker as your attorney, but you can't walk down the street with him?
In England, I was a poor student but I --
I'm -- I'm afraid I have no money.
Yes -- yes. It's just that... in these clothes I'd -- I'd prefer to go by taxi.
I assure you I feel a very ordinary man at this moment.
I congratulate them.
Very well.
Somehow I expected not.
Well, if you ask, General Smuts, I'm sure it will be done.
I dined at the prison.
Thank you. No.
