...Thanks.
...Stop jivin'!
One more round.
No doctor!... I'm feelin' good, bro!
No doctor!
My side.
He got lucky.
...That man's takin' his job too serious.
Man, I rearranged his face with that right -- The people love what's happenin' tonight.
I'll carry him 'till the third.
...That boy damn near broke my arm.
Southpaw, nuthin' -- I'll drop 'im in three -- 'Apollo Creed meets the Italian Stallion.' Shhiii -- Sounds like a damn monster movie!!
Listen, I gonna carry this boy three rounds, then drop 'im like a bad habit.
...I don't feel heat from the name.
Give my main man a raise!!
I do -- Maybe what this fight needs is something new -- a novelty.
Don't matter -- That name. 'The Italian Stallion,' it's right on.  Who discovered America? An Italian, right? So, man, what could be better than to get it on with one of his ancestors --
'The Italian Stallion' -- He's my man.
...This man.
...Still don't feel no heat.
How 'bout this Big Chuck Smith?
How 'bout this Billy Snow?
No, man, it's very smart.
Now here's what's goin' down. Listen, 'cause I'm gonna say this but one time. On January first, the first day of the Bicentennial I'm gonna fight me a local poor underdog, dig? A snow-white underdog. An' I'm gonna put his face on this poster with me, hear? An' I'll tell you why, 'cause I'm sentimental -- An' all the people in the country all sentimental, man, an' they'd like nothin' better than me, Apollo Creed, to let some unknown get a shot at the greatest title in the world on this country's biggest birthday. Now that's the way I see it an' that's the way I want it!!
Shape, nothin' -- They're afraid. They know everybody in the world's gonna see this fight an' none of them gotta prayer of beating me so they're makin' excuses so they don't have to be the chump that's gonna be whipped in front of the whole civilized world!!
Then gimme Buddy Shaw -- He's ranked fifth.
You best find me another ranked contender an' I mean in a flash, man!
Damn.
...Stay in school an' use your brains, dig -- Be a lawyer, be a doctor, carry a leather briefcase an' forget about sports!! Sports can only make ya grunt an' smell -- Be a thinker not a stinker!!
Me an' my wife are goin' home 'cause we miss our children an' can't go no more time without seein' them.
The Bicentennial Heavyweight Championship of the World is gonna be held in the only place it can be held -- Philadelphia! -- the nation's cradle -- January First -- the first major event of our two hundredth year.
That's right -- It's gonna be the greatest sportin' event in this country's history -- A gala occurrence!
He was big, an' very nasty so I destroyed him in a hurry -- Now I'm gettin' ready for Mac Lee Green next month.
Very high an' very fast.
