You a virgin? -- Ya let 'im in ya pants, didn't ya!  Ya pulled down ya pants an' let him have it, didn't ya!!
You busted?!
You owe me an' are supposed to treat me good!
Get away from me -- I could never even get married 'cause you couldn't live by yaself -- ya'd die by yaself! So instead I put you two together -- Did ya think of puttin' in a good word for me? -- You owe me!
I always seen ya had the best, but did ya ever think of puttin' in a good word for me with this scumbag!
You forget what I went through to give ya the best.
I want 'im outta here --  Don't think I'm good enough to work for Gazzo?  That's what I think of bums like you an' Gazzo!  You're goin' up an' don't care enough to throw Paulie some crumbs!  I give ya meat, an' I give ya my sister, too!
Get outta my life both of ya's.
You ain't no friend no more -- Go home! Outta my house I want ya!
Shutup! I want nothin' -- I ain't no charity case! Get outta my house!
Nothin'! I want nothin' from you!!!
That so.
Christ.
Do me a favor -- His lungs, punch 'em out.
Why?
Don't get wise with me. I want ya to stop bein' a loser.
Hey, I want ya out instamaticly. -- I'm sicka lookin' at ya hangin' around like a friggin' spider -- Go out -- Live! Do, enjoy life.
Ya, ya goin' outta the bedroom an' I don't wanna know from nothin'.
Like it would make a difference if you were, right? This guy's a friend and now he's takin' ya out.
Christ, I been beggin' ya for a break until I'm sick inside.
...I can't haul meat no more.
Outta my house I want ya!!
I thought I was doin' ya a favor -- C'mon inside -- Y'know, my sister really likes ya.
To see ya train.
Yo, Rock. I made a few phone calls an' thanks to me ya goin' to be a big man -- Thatta dog?
C'mon, ya screwin' her?
You ballin' her?
What gaps?
What's the attraction? I don't see it?
Ya really like her?
The story -- what's happenin'?
Ain't sure, what's the story?
Y'know, d'ya think you an' my sister -- Ah, doin' good together?
How 'bout you talk to 'em about me?  Please do me that favor.
If ya don't pay Gazzo, ya end up hangin' on the hook, right?
I got whiskey here.
How ya feelin'?
Without havin' good people around, ya won't have such a good chance.
Ya gotta have a guy help ya exercise, mebbe somebody to be standin' by with a towel or run errands, y'know.
Y'know, to help keep ya livin' clean.
Yo, Rock -- now ya'll be lookin' for people to help, right?
He's takin' cheap shots.
Don't it matter none he's makin' ya out a fool? -- I'd break his lips.
Ice skate.
Try again, c'mon, try again.
Forget nothin' -- Here, talk to my sister, tell 'er somethin' nice.
!! Ya want the bird, go out in the alley an' eat the bird -- I want ya outta the house -- Enjoy ya friggin' life... Ya hungry, Rock?
Yeah, sure -- She's very excited.
I'm askin' ya to go to him -- As a favor.
Do me a favor -- Talk to Gazzo. Tell him I'm a friend an' would do a good job... Tell him I ain't bothered by nothin' an' would be a great collector... Bustin' bones don't bother me -- Tell him I'm a good worker.
I don't need a doctor, I need a different job.
Inflamed joints -- Walkin' in an' out of a freezer carryin' meat plays hell on the joints.
Look at my hands -- See how the joints are swollen.
I hate the friggin' game... I'd like to talk some business.
Tomorrow you come for some bird, right?
The girl's dryin' up! She's gotta live a little before her body dries up!! You're a pal, Rock -- How 'bout yo' talk to her? Y'know, it's Thanksgivin' tomorrow.
I wanna kill the friggin' moron who broke the mirror.
An' you're dyin' alone, too.
She's a loser -- She don't enjoy life -- She reads -- Brainy -- Pushin' thirty friggin' years old!  She's gonna die alone if she don't wise up.
...Adrian ain't sharp.
Ya caught me in a bad mood.
Sometimes she gets me so crazy, I'd like to split her head with a razor.
My sister's a friggin' loser.
Looks, huh?
Forget her. You could do better than my sister.
What?
Yo, Rocky -- Look at this mirror. I'd like to kill the friggin' moron who broke this mirror.
