C'mon, it's true -- But that don't bother me -- I just wanna prove somethin' -- I ain't no bum... It don't matter if I lose... Don't matter if he opens my head... The only thing I wanna do is go the distance -- That's all. Nobody's ever gone fifteen rounds with Creed. If I go them fifteen rounds, an' that bell rings an' I'm still standin', I'm gonna know then I weren't just another bum from the neighborhood...
It ain't so bad, 'cause I was a nothin' before --
...I dunno.
I been watchin' the movies -- studyin' -- He ain't weak nowhere.
Yeah, I can't beat him.
...I can't beat him.
...Can't do it.
I gotta go out for a while.
I don't want ya cleanin' nobody else's cages no more.
...What?
Yeah...
Wanna hear a dirty joke?
...What's to say? I dunno what he wants from me --
Yo -- I ain't mad. I'm just outta joint when reporters are around -- They take cheap shots an' Paulie knows it.
Yeah... Threw my whole day off.
Ya right --  Mebbe we best just hold hands -- the shirt made me feel guilty, y'know.
Yeah... But I think weak legs ain't bad sometimes, y'know.
Can't fool around -- You look very great.
Adrian, you really look great, y'know -- But I can't fool around durin' trainin' -- makes the legs weak.
No... Sharp -- You look great.
Sharp -- Real nice.
They either say, 'Kill the nigger' or 'Hope you die, Honky.' -- What ya got in the bag?
It did.
Y'know how I said that stuff on television didn't bother me?
'Bout seven.
Ya puttin' me on, right?
How'd ya like hearin' ya name on TV?
I always knew you was pretty.
Could ya take off that hat.
Do me another favor?
The glasses... Please.
Would ya take off your glasses?
But I'm willin' to make the best of this uncomfortable situation.
Yo, I'm not comfortable either.
They're all the same.
It's all right -- You're my guest.
It's okay.
What's the problem? You don't like me -- Don't like the turtles -- What is it?
It's only temporary.
What's the matter? Ya don't like the room?
I'll call your brother.
Why?
You sure?
D'you really wanna call?
I had it pulled. People callin' all the time.  Who needs it -- Who'd you wanna call?
...Oh, yeah, I bought the whole kit -- Yeah, ya sold me the turtles, the bowl, an' the mountain -- I had to get rid of the mountain 'cause they kept fallin' off.
Here's the guys I was tellin' ya about -- This is Cuff an' Link.
Would ya like a glass of water?
...Guess.
After a rough fight, ya' nothin' but a large wound. Sometimes I feel like callin' a taxi to drive me from my bed to the bathroom... Ya' eyes hurt, ya' ears hurt, ya' hair even hurts... But the thing I'm proud of is I been in over sixty fights an' never had a busted nose -- Bent an' twisted an' bitten but never broke... That's rare.
...I'm at least half a bum. Yeah, fightin' is a crazy racket. The roughest part is the mornin' after.
Ya gotta be a little soft to wanna be a pug... It's a racket where ya' almost guaranteed to end up a bum.
Then why did I bother bringin' it up? 'Cause I'm dumb, that's why... Y'know, I think we make a real sharp coupla coconuts -- I'm dumb an' you're shy.
Some people think bein' shy is a disease, but it don't bother me.
I would say you're very shy by nature.
Some people are very shy by nature.
What's funny?
Y'know how I got started in the fight racket?
I just dislocated my finger.
Absolutely.
Ain't skated since I was fifteen -- That's when I started fightin' -- gotta watch the ankles. Yeah, fightin' use to be tops with me, but no more. All I wanted to prove was I weren't no bum -- That I had the stuff to make a good pro.
I think mebbe we're early or somethin' --
Looks quiet, y'know.
To you, to me it's Thursday.
Hey, how's my buddy doin'?  -- Nice dog -- Well, I'll see ya later.
Shell-shocked!
I smack 'em hard on the shell an' they get... What?
Ain't your fault -- Here's the problem.
Me, I'm kinda aggravated.
...How's the turtle food this week?
Move your shoulders down.
Don't like yours neither.
Does that bum have to say that?
She ain't retarded, she's shy.
Of wa?
Pull heat on me? -- I'll dent ya face!
...That's an old one.
No dollar.
Why?
No wine.
...No wine -- Bad for ya' brain.
Charge it.
I must be goin' deaf 'cause I thought ya said, 'ten cents.'
Yeah -- My ol' man who was never the sharpest told me -- I weren't born with much brain so I better use my body.
This guy is beautiful -- get the Cokes.
How 'bout some Cokes?
It ain't your fault -- I originally done it in the Baby Crenshaw fight.  That's me fightin' Big Baby Crenshaw -- Big Baby was the size of an airplane an' I broke my hands on his head -- I lost, but it's a nice picture, don't ya think?
Hey, I ain't cryin'... I still fight. Kinda do it like a hobby. See I'm a natural southpaw an' most pugs won't fight a southpaw 'cause we mess up their timin' an' look awkward -- Southpaw means lefthanded... But I guess in the long run things probably worked out for the best, right?
...Yeah, give 'er the Blades.
...Ten minutes.
Look at her, ya can see she ain't feelin' good -- needs a few minutes exercise --
Listen, I gotta problem. This girl ain't feelin' well, y'know -- The doctor says she should exercise, y'know once in awhile an' ice skatin' is the best thing --
Wait here, gotta smooth this guy out.
Are ya closed to the General Public or to just everybody.
Ya still light seventy.
...The juice is climbin' every week.
What about for food an' stuff?
That's it? -- Completely?
A hundred an' thirty.
Look, Bob, if ya wanna dance, ya gotta pay the band -- If ya borrow, ya gotta pay the man... Me, I ain't emotionally involved.
What's ya name again?
Mr. Gazzo says I should get two hundred or break the thumb.
Mr. Gazzo wants the two hundred now!
Yo, you gonna show, Tony?
Black market?
I'm gonna do somethin with it.
No action.
Gonna try.
Do I have to pay juice?
A few bucks.
I feel bad about walkin'.
Y'know I won't be able to work for ya no more.
Thanks, Mr. Gazzo.
Yeah.
He's always in a bad mood.  Count ya blessin's. Ya a healthy person -- ya legs work -- ya hands work --
Paulie's sister.
How'd you know?
Ya sure?
Next Wednesday I grab a grand from Snyder. An' Thursday two yards from Cappoli, okay?
I figure if I break the thumb this guy gets thrown outta his job and can't pay nothin' no more.
...Fine.
He only had a hundred an' thirty. -- I think he's good for the rest next week, Mr. Gazzo.
Sure, an' I'm smart enough to know that no sparrin' partner should take cheap shots at the Champ. He's just there to help condition the man.
...Like I said, I'd make a boss sparrin' mate.
I wouldn't take no cheap shots. I'd be a good sparrin' partner.
Absolutely -- Sparrin' with the Champ would be an honor -- y'know what?
I know ya need sparrin' partners -- I'm very available.
Sparrin'?
No -- Just me.
Rocky.
...Thanks.
'Night, Marie.
Ya, somethin' like that.
What was I gonna say?
Listen, I hope ya don't --
Yo, a bad reputation -- Twenty years from now people will say 'D'you remember Marie?' 'No, who was she?' 'She was that little whore who hung out at the Atomic Hoagie Shop.' 'Oh, now I remember!'... See, they don't remember you, they remember the rep.
That doesn't matter -- You don't really have to be a whore, just act like one an' that's it.
'Cause that's the way guys are -- They laugh when ya talk dirty. They think ya cute for a while, but then ya getta reputation an' watch out. Nobody's ever gonna take ya serious. Ya get no respect... I gotta use a bad word -- Whore. You'll end up maybe becomin' a whore.
Nobody likes garbage -- Anyway, this girl with the dirty mouth wasn't bad lookin', but the guys wouldn't take her out for any serious datin'.
Makes your breath like garbage.
Make your teeth yella --
Hey! When I was your age, there was only one girl who talked like that in the whole neighborhood.
How come ya wanna hang out with those guys? They teach ya bad things.
Don't you never say that --  -- You guys talk like that in front of a little girl -- You guys are scum.
What?
Did these guys teach you to talk dirty? Huh?
What'd you say?
Yo, can I have my locker back?
How I look out there, Mick?
Would you keep goin'?
See what?
Fine... That guy's great.
...The guy's great.
Damn! How's it look?
See how fast he is -- damn!
How am I doin'?
Thanks, Mick -- I'm gonna try.
Whatta ya think that outfit cost?
I get the robe an' Paulie gets three grand.
...I'm doin' it for a friend.
Yo, Benny.
I never had good footwork.
I asked, but ya never helped nothin'! -- Like the Bible sez, ya don't get no second chance.
Whatever I got, I always got on the slide. This shot's no different. I didn't earn nothin' -- I got it on the slide... I needed ya help about ten years ago when I was startin', but ya never helped me none.
I got pain an' experience too.
The fight's set -- I don't need a manager.
...Ya gave Dipper my locker.
Heart, but I ain't got no Tocker.
Really think so?
Nobody ever said that -- There's his picture.
Ya got a good mind for dates.
...What?
How 'bout a glass of water?
Fifty years, huh.
Turtles -- domestic turtles.
Freak luck is a strange thing.
Freak luck for sure.
Yeah.
I'm usta seein' ya at the gym, but seein' ya here, in my house, it's kinda outta joint.
Best seat in the house -- Hey, Mick, this is too much.
Hey, Mickey -- Whatta ya doin' here? Here, sit down.
Probably lookin' for sparrin' partners.
When was they here?
Ya puttin' me on?
Message -- What message?
Yeah, sure.
...No.
Listen, I'm gonna take a steam -- Did good last night -- Shoulda seen it.
You think everybody I fight is a bum.
Spider Rice.
Yeah, Kayo.
Yeah --
Yeah, they're goin', -- that's nature... That was my locker for six years.
Twenty-five, thirty -- What's the difference? -- It took me two months to learn the combination of that locker.
Come July, twenty-five.
...What?
...Tomato?
I was talkin' with ya man, Mike. -- Hey, how come I been put outta my locker?
Yeah.
I said, how ya feelin'?
Hey, how ya feelin', Mickey?
Open my eyes -- Please, open my eyes!
He ain't losin' nothin'.
'Bout what?
Creed's great.
You were ready to bite that guy's face.
Whatta ya talkin' about it ain't my locker no more?
Yo, Mike -- What's happenin' here?
The owner was suppose to pick him up three weeks ago.
...What kinda dog is this again?
How's Butkus this mornin'?
Inventin' jokes ain't easy.
What break? Huh? What break! Who am I to give breaks! I'm a fighter, you haul meat. You do what you do an' I do what I do best -- that's it -- that's life, man!
What can I do about it?
...It's cold outside, Paulie.
Yo, what's with you? -- It was suppose to be private.
Whatta these guys want?
Don't talk dirty 'bout ya sister.
She got gaps. I got gaps -- together we fill the gaps.
I dunno -- she fills gaps.
Sure I like her.
What?
Whatta you think?
Keep this job, ya eat better.
Gazzo's a good man.
...No.
...Tight.
Hey, who cared about me yesterday, huh? Nobody -- I think I'm gonna train myself.
I'll do okay.
Help what?
It don't bother me none.
It don't matter.
Why?
I didn't want no turkey anyway.
What's ya sister like to do?
...Maybe I better forget it.
Maybe ya better forget it.
Ya sister knows I'm comin'?
Gazzo's gotta come to you -- Hey, Paulie, it's a bad job -- Do what you do now.
Gazzo's gotta come to you.
Maybe another job is the best thing.
Maybe ya should see a doctor.
What kinda business?
I usta be deadly at half-ball.
Absolutely...
...Sure.
Let's get outta this stink.
I don't see no crowd around you, neither.
I'm thirty myself.
Ya always in a bad mood --
Don't get mental, man.
Hey --
Yeah, like I was a plate of leftovers -- Somethin' wrong with my face -- Whatta I need, a Caddy to connect with ya sister?
Every mornin', every night I pass by -- I smile. I say jokes. Nothin'. She looks at me.
Your sister's givin' me the shoulder.
Yo, Paulie.
Yo, Paulie.
Derogatory? Yeah, he's great.
I'll tear his head off.
Maybe --
Apollo's a great fighter.
...People talk to me more.
Listen, I wanna say hi to my girlfriend -- Yo, Adrian!
Four hundred -- But that was a long time ago.
Creed's great, ain't he... I'll do what I can.
Feel? I dunno... Happy.
