I'm scared.
Who said I was going to die?
That's weird.
Dad!
Listen Bo. This is very important. Everything people have written about in science books is going to change. The history of the world's future is on the TV right now. We need to record this so you can show your children this tape and say you were there...  For your children Bo.
Not English though. You heard the voices right Uncle Merrill?
He licks his butt everyday. He's not going to mind.
It's not contaminated. It's just tap water. Pour it in his bowl.
You don't even know what that word means.
Did someone save me?
I hope they're doing better than we are. We don't even have helmets.
They'll read our minds!
Don't yell at her!
French toast... and mashed potatoes.
What about Isabelle?
Where are we going to sleep?
Sounds made up.
They win.
They said one of two things could happen. One, they fight and are defeated and leave to return again with full forces hundreds or even thousands of years later.
Yes. They would invade us using only ground tactics. Hand to hand combat. They wouldn't use their technology or fight an airborne battle, because they would know we would eventually use nuclear weapons and the planet would be useless to them.
Dad.
Dr. Bimboo, one of the authors of the book --
Scientists who have been persecuted for their beliefs.
It says they're probably very small -- like my height -- because, as their brains developed, there was no use for physical development. It says they're probably vegetarians, because they would have realized the benefits of such a diet.
They tell you everything in this book.
So the aliens can't read our minds.
It gets clearer, the higher you hold it.
Don't do it.
We might lose the signal.
It's still making the noises. It's broken.
These are D's; I need double A's.
It needs batteries.
Can I use Bo's old baby monitor as a walkie-talkie?
They'll find a way in.
The book says they're probably very good problem solvers.
Some guy had a sign that said it was the end of the world.  Nothing really bad is going to happen, is it Uncle Merrill?
They think it might happen all at once.
They think these look like stages immediately proceeding an attack maneuver.
Don't do it!
Is that him?
