You want a new car? You want a new house? Is that it? It's the money, right?
Now about our coming up in the world a little. You're not naive. You're a man of the world. The Movement's grown; we've grown with it. You know folks. They want their leaders to be prosperous. One hand washes the other.
I'm sure we can. This is a new sister, Sister Betty.
You can grovel and crawl for sin, but not to save your soul. Pick the lock, Malcolm; pick it.
Tell Him that.
Have you ever bent your knees, Malcolm?
-- the hardest and the greatest.
For evil to bend its knee, admit its guilt, implore His forgiveness, is the hardest thing on earth --
-- the hardest and the greatest.
For evil to bend its knee, admit its guilt, implore His forgiveness, is the hardest thing on earth --
But the key to Islam is submission. That is why twice daily we turn to Mecca, to the Holy of Holies, to pray. We bend our knees in submission.
A Muslim must be strikingly upright. Outstanding. So those in the darkness can see the power of the light.
The body is a holy repository.
No. Elijah Muhammad does not say "that white man is a devil." He teaches us that the white man is the devil. All white men.
I knew you'd hear me. The white man is the devil. All white men are devils.
Allah has sent us a prophet, a black man named Elijah Muhammad. For if God is black, Malcolm --
Who are you?
No. That's the name of the slave- master who owned your family. You don't even know who you are. You're nothing. Less than nothing. A zero. Who are you?
I told you to go behind the words and dig out the truth. They let us sing and dance and smile -- and now they let one black man in the majors. That don't cancel out the greatest crime in history. When that blue- eyed devil locked us in chains -- 100,000,000 of us -- broke up our families, tortured us, cut us off from our language, our religion, our history.
Sure, white man throw us a bone and that's supposed to make us forget 400 years.
The first men on earth were black. They ruled and there was not one white face anywhere. But they teach us that we lived in caves and swung from trees. Black men were never like that.
Lemme tell you about history: black history. You listening?
Read it and keep on reading.
Start at the beginning. Page one, the first one. Here --
Look 'em up and and out what they mean.
You got to learn everything the white man says and use it against him. The truth is laying there if you smart and read behind their words. It's buried there. You got to dig it out.
They sure ain't no black man's books in here.
Soiled with dirt, foul; sullen, hostile, forbidding -- as a black day. Foully or outrageously wicked, as black cruelty. Indicating disgrace, dishonor or culpability.
Go on, fool; the marble shooters are waiting for you.
Did you ever study anything wasn't part of some con?
But everything the white man taught you, you learned. He told you you were a black heathen and you believed him. He told you how he took you out of darkness and brought you to the light. And you believed him. He taught you to worship a blond, blue-eyed God with white skin -- and you believed him. He told you black was a curse, you believed him. Did you ever look up the word black in the dictionary?
I'm telling you God's words, not no hustle. I'm talking the words of Elijah, the black man's God. I'm telling you, boy, that God is black.
Your mama had sense because the pig is a filthy beast: part rat, part cat, and the rest is dog.
I read. I study. Because the first thing a black man has to do is respect himself. Respect his body and his mind. Quit taking the white man's poison into your body: his cigarettes, his dope, his liquor, his white woman, his pork.
Don't con me.
Don't con me. Don't try...
I respect myself. A man cuss because he hasn't got the words to say what's on his mind.
What's he gonna do to me he ain't already done?
What you sniffing around for? I told you I gave you your last fix.
Elijah Muhammad can get you out of prison. Out of the prison of your mind. Maybe all you want is another fix. I thought you were smart.
The question is, who are you? You are in the darkness, but it's not your fault. Elijah Muhammad can bring you into the light.
I thought you was smart. But you just another one of them cats strutting down the avenue in your clown suit with all that mess on you. Like a monkey. And the white man sees you and he laughs. He laughs because he knows you ain't white.
Sure, burn yourself, pain yourself, put all that poison into your hair, into your body -- trying to be white.
Let it burn. Maybe you'll hear me then.
Like what? Looking like me? Like a nigger?! Why don't you want to look like what you are? What makes you ashamed of being black?
Why? Why does everybody conk?
Putting all that poison in your hair.
When you go busting your fists against a stone wall, you're not using your brains. Cause that's what the white man wants you to do. Look at you.
'Cause you needed it. 'Cause you couldn't hear me without it.
That's the last stuff you'll ever get from me.
I can show you how to get out of prison. And it's no hype.
You need something. It's not a reefer, but it'll help some.
Put it in a cup of water. It's nutmeg.
