Who can say the hope of redemption dies with our last breath...? They must see what the legacy has wrought - Diedre, withered inside herself Carlotta, killing and stunting her own flesh and blood...  surely they sense the child you carry - and the life it might lead in Lashers grasp...   Maybe, in death, they feel remorse for the evil they embraced in life...?!
You've always said you felt goodness in them - that the witches brought you and Rowan together.  Isn't that right...?  They're reaching out to you, Rowan!
With his hands!
Two heartbeats.
There are two.
Are you alright...?  You look pale.
Lasher will act, Rowan.  Whatever it is he wants - he's waited three hundred years to have it.   facing him alone...  I don't like -
But you've not told Michael.
I've grown very fond of you you and Michael both.
Thank you for this honor, my dear.
Going away doesn't mean you leave Lasher behind. He was on Rowan's deck - and the plane...  geography seems irrelevant now.
A spacial entity.  An organized energy.  something that precedes our definition of existence.
Many times over the past thirty years. Why he shows himself to me, I don't know but Lasher's not some mindless wraith.
Rowan...
What are you talk---
Every day  twice.
Nothing was ever more false.
Yes - and you have.  Do you see...?  He was passing over into death - but the witches sent him back - to the one person they knew had the power to save him... and they gave him the power to show you what no one else could...
What have the witches always asked of you...?
Michael, Rowan should -
Then focus on how you feel about her. Because your feelings define you.   Take off your gloves, Michael.
There is a difference between sensing danger - and being afraid.  what defines you in the landscape, Michael...?  what anchors your life...? Your work...?  Your creativity...?
A spirit.  Perhaps evil...   ...and he has come to you- with Diedre gone - you've... inherited him.
Come.  There is a lot to read
I ask only that you stay here, long enough to be - educated.  A few hours.
With her family.  Rowan's mother died yesterday.
Rowan's already called the hotel, Michael.  At the cemetery by now, I would guess.
