Did you like it...? Looking down at Graham and knowing what you could do...?
But I had to use my hands.  None before you could kill with their mind.  Graham, my dear.  Your uncle...?
...and why I put thirty years between you and the beautiful monster. To kill the legacy!    you are the sum of his desires -
And that is why I pushed your grandmother onto the stones - even as she had him inside her...
Witches. Rowan.  that is what we are.
Just like your mother - and all the others that felt him - and used his power - and went to hell with a smile!
Lasher touched you and you loved it.
He's shown himself to you... on the deck.  In the storm.
You have the Mayfair eyes.   Tell me, Rowan --- what have those eyes seen that the mind can't fathom...?
Antha...your grandmother...her life ended there, on the stones. Head split open like a melon.
She didn't feel them
Put your hatred for me aside, so you can clearly see what is ahead-
You can see well in the dark, Rowan.
What is it...?
And this - if you decide to take the rest.
Other properties as well - here and in Europe.  And vest holdings - in sugar, oil, gold, electronics.  Liquid funds over eighty million.  tmpcssible to put a figure on it all. All yours now.
I'm tired.  I need to rest.
A Mayfair it ever I saw one.
In the coffin, my dear.  where else...?
You came.    I'm your Aunt Carlotta, my dear.
Out of the question      Rowan, coming here will not change the -
A very tired one.  I've been up all night - and I would .like to rest before the funeral.     Have your lawyer -
It was quite warranted by the - situation.    I realize this is a shock, but really, Rowan - you never even knew her. It's not as if you've suffered some great -
I had you sent away.
I under5tand.  All the same
Yes.    Listen carefully, Rowan. Have your attorney contact me at once. There are matters of immediate -
Diedre Mayfair was your mother.
This is your aunt.  Carlotta Mayfair.  In New Orleans.
When did she die...?
I wish to speak to Ellie Mayfair.
Who is this...?
E11ie - Diedre died at five o'clock this morning.    Obviously, there are 1egal matters.  Your discretion will be -
