But I think I know where she'll be....
There was a girl with them...If I could find her....
We had a chance...We could have stopped them!  The mob stole the trucks and smashed everything up.  The fools!  They cut their own throats!
I'm looking for some Pacific-Tech professors...
You'll be all right with us....  ...for as long as anybody's got!
The Rockies...!  You'd rather get back to that big family of yours in Minnesota, wouldn't you?
That's the kind of a kid brother you'd have!
Yes ...  Fits better in a football helmet.
I could wear it longer -- but it's less trouble this way.
Yes, with these suits.  We've used them before on atomic tests... Odd- looking, aren't they?
It's blocked here, too!  They've pushed up earth or something all around outside.  Here, this way...!
Maybe ...  Maybe they want to take us alive.
Maybe they aren't too sure we're here.
We're right in a nest of 'em! ... I've got to get a look at them.
What was it like?
Nothing there now.
How long was I out?
But you're not going to.  You're not the kind.  You're tired, anyway.  You've been up all night.  You cracked up in a plane.  Slept in a ditch.  But you want to know something?  It doesn't show on you at all.
I liked him.
I've been as close to them as anyone. But not close enough for real observation...
If they're mortal, they must have mortal weaknesses.  They'll be stopped -- somehow!
We'll get safely out of here, don't worry.
A big family must be fun...I imagine it makes you feel you belong to something.
I have no close folks.  My parents died when I was a kid.
No, on the campus.  I haven't any family.
I almost forget when I ate last.  It looks so good.... You know, mostly I get my meals in coffee shops and restaurants.
Southwest of Corona, somewhere. There must have been another cylinder down here.  They've been through this whole area and cleared everybody out.  There's a farmhouse.  Let's see if we can find something to eat...!
It's gone now.
I bought it for the square dance. I thought I ought to wear some- thing Western.
No.  The air's going to be full of Jets in a minute...And there they are!
Sure...get in!
We can't go into town - everybody's getting out of there!  I'll fly you over to Pasadena.
Good to see you, General.  This is Pastor Collins, director of Civil Defense.  Sheriff Bogany, head of the local forces ... Miss Van Buren.
I just told them the local situation. Colonel Heffner's in full charge now.
The troops are certainly moving in here!
Automobile ignitions are insulated.
There's only about one explanation for a thing like this..Got a pin?
They're really for long distance. When I want to look at something close...  I take them off.
I didn't know how to stop you...!
Like...ah...
I do know him...slightly.
Aw, he isn't that good...!
I'm sorry.  I don't smoke.
Did it do you any good?
You seem to know a lot about him.
What's that fellow over there trying to do - dig it out?
Oh - there were three of us.  The others flew back in my plane.  I don't understand why a meteor this size didn't make a bigger crater.
Yes...I was fishing up in the hills.
Is that it over there?
I think that - gizmo - is a machine from another planet.
It's pointing out to the gully - where that meteor came down.
Have you got a pocket compass?
That's what knocked the phones out, too.
All right.  I'll get them!   Go ahead - go ahead!  I'll catch up with you.
Gratzman! -- Gratzman!  Did you get those biotics?
We know now that we can't beat their machines -- but we can beat them!  They are mortal beings...The only question is whether we have time enough to do anything!
I believe we can get a lead from their anaemic blood.
A forlorn hope - but there is a chance.
This Martian blood...  Let's make a quick analysis and see what we've got!
I'd like to borrow your car and take a look at it in the morning.
Are they sure it's a meteor?  It didn't come down like one.
Right.
