Don't let's lose each other.
I probably wouldn't be able to get to them if I tried...
I wonder if they're going through this too...?
How'd you guess?
My kid brother has one.  You know why?
Very futuristic.  Yours doesn't really go with that butch haircut!
Is it possible to go in right after the explosion?
They've blocked it!
They could be as curious about us as we are about them.
I couldn't see much in the dark - but it was one!
It was...  ...one of them!
Hours.  I've been so scared...!
He liked you ... I could bawl my head off!
I stayed right by the door - praying for the one who loved me best to come and find me.  It was Uncle Matthew who found me.
I feel like I did one time when I was small.  Awful scared and lonesome...I'd wandered off - I've forgotten why - but the family and whole crowds of neighbors were hunting for me.  They found me in a church.  I was afraid to go in any place else.
But they seem to murder everything that moves...!
It does...Maybe that's why I feel kind of lost right now.
I come from a big one.  Nine of us. All in Minnesota, except me.
Don't you live at home?
Where are we?
Is that... machine...?
I never noticed before - that's a cowboy tie....
You'll hit something!  Can't you go higher?
Can you handle one of these?
Would you like some coffee, General?
You never know where you're going to wind up when you go to a square dance!
Didn't you have something to do with this?  I know you sent word to the Sixth Army Command!
How does it happen cars are running?
They've all stopped at the same time.
I might have recognized you without the beard.  And you didn't wear glasses on the 'Time' cover!
Well, you certainly don't look like yourself in that get-up!  But I am happy to meet you anyway. I'm Sylvia Van Buren.  I teach Library Science over at USC.
What's he like?
How can you say that when you don't know him!
Forrester's the man behind the new atomic engines.  They had him on the cover of 'Time'.  You've got to rate to get that!
Why, sure -- I got it!  Do you have a match?
Well, I did a thesis on modern scien- tists - working for my Masters degree.
He's top man in astro and nuclear physics.  He knows all about meteors!
It hit sideways and skidded in.
You must have caught plenty with all that tackle!
Did you see it come down?
Yes...ugly looking, isn't it.
Let's go back inside, Uncle Matthew.
But they're not human!  Dr. Forrester says they're some kind of an advanced civilization --
They don't do much of anything...!
Uncle Matthew...this is Dr. Clayton Forrester.  My uncle - Dr. Matthew Collins, pastor of the Community Church.
It was nearer than that.
