I don't care. You pick.
Yeah.  Can I borrow five bucks?
Hey, wanna' share a soda?
That's what your man is supposed to do.
Hey, look out, a bee!
Let's get a hot dog.
You know, walking on the beach, holding hands, kissing, making love...
I don't want to be your friend like this anymore.
Stop it! I'm just trying to say I think we should take our friendship to the next level.
Look, what I'm trying to say --
Listen to me I --
I know, but I've been thinking --
Cindy, about this whole friendship thing...
There's something I really want to share with you.
Actually, I was going to say let me have your computer if you die.
Cindy, let me...
Cindy, please! It's a matter of life and death. I'm asking you a friend.
Better try a little higher.
No. Keep rubbing.
No. Try a little higher.
What are we gonna do? I'm cold. I can't move, I'm so cold.
Shit!
Well, I was hoping to get my balls licked.
Huh?
Great!!!
I was thinking the same thing.
Yes...
Cindy, I've been thinking about this whole friend thing. I never had a friend that cares for me the way you do... I mean, there's Ray, but he cares for me in a different way. You know, bringing me flowers. Running my bath water. And then there's nights I wake up screaming and I look over and Ray's in my bed. Holding me. And seeing that tonight might be our last night together, I was thinking...
Yeah, I think I'm bleeding.
Well, if that's Hanson, then who's the guy with the hand?
Let's get outta here.
Where the hell are we?
Oh yeah... another difference is she looks more sophisticated and classy. More feminine. And her tits are perfect. Not pointy and funny looking, or spaced too far apart...
Her hair doesn't have as many split ends at yours. Her skin isn't as oily as yours, either. Also, sometimes your eyes get kinda squinty and they look like you might have Down's Syndrome or something. Otherwise the resemblance is uncanny.
Whoa, check this out. She looks like you.
Dude, somebody's on the rag.
Wait, I'm just about to tell you the best part.
Sure. We can practice talking.
It sounds gay, but guess since you're a girl it's okay, huh?
Then what kinda stuff can we do?
Yeah, it's great, isn't it. I think it's so cool... have a girl as a friend.
Open chest!!!
Sure, that would be cool. Friends.
Maybe we can study together or something.
So it looks like we're going to be spending the weekend together.
I meant you're into ghosts.
So, I see you're really into spooks.
Hey, you left your book back there.
