Cool, but remember, as soon as he gets on the platform you gotta get out of there.  Nobody wants to go.
Someone is going to have to lure him onto the platform.
We have to destroy him.
Quick, everyone to the lab.
What the hell are you doing?
I don't need your help.
The keys. She took the keys.
I can do it myself.
Yes, but I've seen the tapes. This poltergeist is becoming increasingly more violent. We all could be in danger. I say we pull the plug.
The force in this house is far greater than I anticipated. In one night I recorded cold spots, shifting magnetic fields, the E.U.P. is picking up white sounds everywhere.
I think we should consider cutting the experiment short.
Professor, we need to talk.
What the hell?!
I don't think so. It's on all the cameras, and check this out. The thermal readings inside the house dropped ten degrees when the image was recorded.
The image there.
No, these are the tapes from the living room. Check this out.
Professor, I think you should see this.
My God! Is she dead?
Let's not forget, folks, this is a study on sleep disorders.
Sounds good. I'm just going to run up to my room. Hop in the shower. Jump into my jogging suit, and I'll be right there.
That one.
Yes, I thought that it would be best.
Well, this measures the amount of thermal imbalance within a room down to the tiniest molecular disturbances.
Would you please focus?
Professor!
I have taken care of everything, including medical supplies and blood storage. We want to be safe.
In about fifteen minutes.
And what happens when all hell breaks loose?
How are we going to get them all up there?
They are the survivors of the Steveston County massacre.
That's Ray Williams. I couldn't quite figure him out, but he seemed very eager and excited when we met.
Cindy Campbell. Classic abandoned personality disorder. She seems guarded, but willing to do this.
As I am sure you are aware, Professor, subjects who are close to death are statistically more likely to have the suggestibility required for paranormal investigation, which is, of course, why I've given them special consideration.
I also took the liberty of putting those with near-death experiences on top.
Yes. The scored all over the Kiersey Temperament Sorter just like you asked for.
Here you go, Professor.
I don't need your help. I'm perfectly capable.
They're on top of the bookshelf. I'll get them.
I finished all the interviews.
Alright. Come on, you guys.
Oh, I couldn't do that.
That's right.
Just a little Rogaine.
And sexy.
You do.
Well, there's a lot riding on this project.
Just a little experiment.
Hi.
That's it. I'm gonna put my food in your ass. I should warn you, I'm a black belt in karate.
Yours, or the turkeys?
Thanks, handyman.
I guess so.
Alright, go to the belt store...
Okay, give me my belt.
A little bit... Give me your belt.
Alright... I might need your help.
What do you know about it?!... Listen, the ghost is too powerful. The only chance we have is to use this machine.  I need you to go get the others and meet us upstairs.
It's the best seat in the house. I warmed it up for you.
