He's not dead, you idiot. He lives in Florida. Now, shut up and let me finish.
No, he lost the house after the stock market crash.
No, they sold the house in 1920 to a millionaire, Uriah Bloodworth.
This house was built in 1898 by a man named Archibald Keaton as a gift to his wife, Cora.
Saw who?!
Who?
I don't like this, this...
I take it you're not mad at me.
Yeah, bitch, give me my apple. What's gotten into you?
Good idea, and don't forget to give her a good-night kiss.
Only that if this cat did attack, he's less likely to come back if the two of you were, let's say, together. Come on, it's college. Time for you two to experiment.
No, I'm just saying cats are known to be very territorial animals, and it is likely it did attack, but it doesn't mean it was possessed. Maybe the two of you should sleep together.
Theo, did you see the animal?
That's fantastic. Our first phenomenon. This is going to be a great weekend. You guys better get some sleep. Dwight and I will take over from here.
It's some kind of energy field. We better record this.
Alright, Cindy, what's so important?
I'm glad you asked. It actually makes for a pretty good bedtime story.
Yes, it was reported, but never substantiated.
Yeah, I can see that. Later I want you to teach me that trick, but right now we have a job to do.
Whoa, Dwight, I say when we pull the plug. Get a hold of yourself. Dwight, we're on the verge of greatness and I'm about this close to getting laid. Now, the bus will be here on Monday. Until then no one leaves.
That's why we came here, remember?
What?
What is it, Dwight?
It's not what is looks like. She's having a breakdown. Help me get her to her room.
Congratulations, Dwight, it's begun.
Are you sure it's not the tape?
What is it? Some tits? A beaver shot? What?
No, they're just powder burns, thank God. They were empty. Get her upstairs.
Ah, yes, which reminds me, who here thinks they'd wake up if somebody snuck into their room and started sniffing between their legs?
Not to worry. There's been no reported activity in the house for over twenty years.
I'm going to change for dinner. I'll see you shortly.
After dinner, you and I will take shifts throughout the night. I don't want to chance miss anything.
So, if one of our little chickadees is taking a shower which one of these buttons do I press to get a close- up?
Even in the bathroom?
Are those cameras all throughout the house?
Fine.  What's all this stuff?
Hey, you're the one who brought up safety. I'm perfectly willing to go in raw.
Right. What about condoms?
Remember, Dwight, not a word to anyone.
We record and document it. We're gonna make history, Dwight. The first documented, unrefuted evidence of life after death. The book sales alone will be worth millions. I'll be rich, and you my friend, will have one hell of a thesis paper. Now, what time is orientation?
I'll make it part of the class. We'll tell them they're participating in a study on sleep disorders.
Fantastic. These kids are exactly the kind of catalyst needed to awaken Hell House.
Car accident, gun shot, multiple stabbings, a hook through the back... Where did you find these kids?
What's this?
Willing? I like that.  And, this one?
Look, whatever you say, kid, but the more they're hurtin', the more they need a squirtin', if you know what I mean.  Ooh, I like her.
Good thinking, Dwight. Traumatized co-eds are a sure thing.
Any of them hot?
Are these all the subjects?
Let me help you.
Let me see the files.
