JUST DO IT!
What's wrong with you?! Tell him I'm not here!
What do you mean "on his way up"!?
I-I'm not sure... yeah, maybe.
I was in a horrible mood - tell her not to worry, I'll be completely out of her life in a few days.
Are you going to yell at me?
What?
It's nothing -- it's just some hormonal thing... don't worry about it...
Nothing.
Tell her to forget it - I don't need her help.
I guess.
What is it now?
I-I really have to get up early for class tomorrow.
Hi.  Look, I'm kind of tired - I think I'll go to bed.
God, how horrifying.
Not the Maxine?
YES.
Who?
How should I know?
Who?
Look at me -- I'm not even listening to a word you're saying.
Look, I told you I'm not going to college.
Will you get off my back for once?
Nope. What are you making, pancakes?
But... can I still get that scholarship to the Art Academy?
Help me what?
I didn't check my messages...
Huh?
What do you mean?
I...
I dunno... Would I have to take classes and stuff?
...wow...
Hmm.
I'm not really sure - working, I guess...
Uh-oh.
I'm not sure... I mean...  I guess because when we see something like this it seems really shocking and we have to figure out why it's so shocking?
It's complicated... I guess I'm trying to show how racism used to -- more out in the open and now it's hidden, or something...
Well, no - it's more like a "found art object."
Well, I got the idea when I was doing some research and I discovered that Cook's Chicken used to be called Coon's Chicken, and so I decided to do my project based on this discovery as kind of a comment on racism... and the way racism is whitewashed over in our culture...
I dunno... I just like Don Knotts.
It's supposed to be Don Knotts.
Enid. It's sort of like a diary I guess.
Jesus...
But I feel weird... it's so sleazy.
What? I'm just kidding around with the customers... It's my shtick!
Okay, okay... I won't say a word...
But I was only trying to be friendly...
Why? What difference does it make? You already got his money...
You can count on me, sir!
Hey Josh.
Just take my word for it... if she ever finds out about this I'll never hear the end of it...
Because if you do, I'll kill you!
I don't think we should... Look, you have to totally promise me you won't tell Becky about this.
I couldn't sleep... I should get going; I feel really weird...
Why do all guys have to play stupid guitars? It's so typical... Either they're into cars or guns or sports or guitars... it's so obvious...
Why do you have that stupid poster?
It's just my stupid way of getting attention! God, I practically love you, Josh!
That's just the way I am!
You've never once said anything even remotely nice to me.
Then why do you hate me so much?
"Yeah, right"... well why not?  What's so wrong with me?
Are you trying to get me wasted so you can take advantage of my womanly charms?
Why?
I guess.
Can I come in?
I just stopped in to say hi.
Hi Josh.
But this guy is like a one-of-kind, rare butterfly, and we have to follow him back to his natural habitat...
Come on, Josh... don't you want to see where he lives?
Oh my God, that's HIM!
I figured something like that...
That's not him... Jesus, stop freaking me out.
No, I'm serious. Give us your whole basic philosophy in a nutshell.
SHH! He's back there. I can see his hair bobbing up and down.
This is the ultimate. It's like the Taj Mahal of bad, fake 50's diners.
It's just an excuse for us to spend time with you.
So Josh, will you give us a ride? Please? Pretty please? It's going to be super fun!
That guy rules!
So Josh...
I'm afraid I don't understand. I simply wish to know --
What can you tell me, young man, about the various flavors of "frozen yogurt"?
Well hello there, young employee of the Sidewinder.
It just came yesterday...
Maybe an orange juice.
You're lucky then, you can't see the veins on that guy's biceps.
Hi.
I dunno...
I'm gonna finish packing tonight... I'll bring it over tomorrow sometime.
There.
It's fine.
I'll get a job tomorrow, I promise. If I don't, you can totally tell me to fuck off.
Of course it's a good idea... it's our plan.
Please let me come with you. Please please please...
I'm sorry about the other day. I don't know what's wrong with me... I really do want to move in with you.
I need to talk to you.
You're the one who's still living out some stupid seventh-grade fantasy!
Because you'll freak out and act like a total psycho about it.
Well, what am I supposed to say? "I can't wait to live in some depressing shit-hole in the middle of nowhere"?!
I said "great"...
Great...
When was this?
Why? What did he say?
What? When did you see Josh?!
I just mean it's weird to me... I've never been anywhere near here in my life.
Where are we? This is a weird neighborhood...
I don't believe you.
What are you talking about? Who?
So should I come over?
I can't believe it - he actually scored!
Do you still want to do something tonight?
Oh yeah... maybe... Seymour's going on his big date tonight and I kind of want to be around when he calls, so I can hear how bad it went.
What thing?
You're insane.
I can't imagine spending money on towels.
Why do you care about this kind of stuff?
I can't afford stuff like this right now.
Yeah, but maybe one of us should at least try...
I am not -- I just think it'd be funny to see what he'd do...
No, really...
I think one of us should fuck Josh...
Yeah, I guess... call me...
I can't, it's Seymour's birthday...  Shit! What time is it?  I have to go to the store! I was going to make him a cake...
Yeah, thanks.
Don't worry.
Oh yeah right, like I'm gonna let some asshole with a goatee own Goofy Gus.
Fuck it. Everything must go!
I told you - my manager was a total asshole! Don't worry, I'm going to get another job... and anyway, I have some ideas for how to make money in the meantime...
We were such desperate sluts back then.
That must have been when my dad was married to Maxine...
Wasn't it like eighth grade?
I dunno, but next week is my last class...
Yeah, maybe it'll be okay. At least I'll get to see every movie for free, I guess... I had to lie and tell them I already graduated...
...maybe we should be lesbos...
That's not true, I just hate all these obnoxious, extroverted, pseudo- bohemian losers!  Sometimes I think I act so weird because I'm crazy from sexual frustration.
Yeah, right... Believe me, at this point I'm over the fact that every single guy likes you better than me!
He's like the biggest idiot of all time!
Which one?
Or maybe... did you ever think that deep down we really might be lesbos? Maybe that's why we spend so much time together.
I wonder if I hang around with you because you're like my surrogate mother figure or something. Like I have this subconscious biological need to be nagged and bitched at constantly.
Nothing. Don't worry... I promise I'll get a job next week.
I'm working on it... I've got a few leads... it's just that right now I have, all these projects that take up all my time.
But those are our people...
That rules!
At least the wheelchair guy is sort of entertaining...
God, how can you stand all these assholes?
That guy is totally amazing.
Just now... I went with Seymour.
Anthony's II!
You won't believe it! Guess!
Give me all your money, bitch!
I'll be right back, I'm gonna go get a beer.
Aw c'mon, this is a fun party.
If I promise you there's really a party with a lot of guys, do you promise you'll go?
It's a surprise.
I know a party we could go to...
Let's get out of here, this place makes me sick.
Forget it. I'm sure it sucks. All these movies suck.
This morning at Seymour's garage sale.
Hey, you have to see my new good luck charm.
Everybody's too stupid!
It's not like I'm some modern Punk dickhead... It's obviously supposed to be a 1977 Punk look, but I guess Johnny Fuckface is too stupid to get it!
It'll only take a second.
Yeah, he's beyond human stuff like that.
JOSH!
I wonder if he's just totally insane and he really thinks a bus is coming or --
As always.
Let's go hassle Josh.
I bet they have tons of incredible shoes hidden in the back.
We still have to go in there sometime.
Fuck you, bitch!
What? How long have you been standing there?
Okay, okay, I promise... Jesus, you're out of your mind.
You just want an excuse to dress like some stupid fashion model without me making fun of you.
What are you talking about?
What, is she black now?
We're not sure yet, that's why we're looking.
Forget it, I can't explain it...
Yeah, but... you know what I mean.
I dunno... I kind of like him... He's the exact opposite of everything I really hate... In a way he's such a clueless dork that he's almost cool...
Oh yeah...
It was so cute how he had his own little bags. I thought I was going to start crying!... Do you think they're gay?
I know... I still can't get over that his name was "Seymour."
I think it's cute - look at his little weasel teeth.
Ew, look at this...
Come on, it's too late now...
Bingo!
I'm afraid if I see him, I'll start feeling really bad again.
This is way too creepy.
This kind of thing must happen to him all the time.
He doesn't even look that bummed out, really.
He's insane!
Totally! Look!
I dunno...
He's still just sitting there. God, this is totally unbearable!
Oh my god, he just ordered a giant glass of milk!
It's obviously him!
Is he wearing a green cardigan?
She says she wants to MMPH!
I'm going to tell him you said that.
It's still twenty-five minutes early.
Yeah, Josh, c'mon... MOVE IT!
God, I think Josh is too mature for us.
Shh, it's his answering machine...  We hear the indistinct traces of a musical message followed by a faint BEEP.
I remember when I first started reading these I thought DWF stood for "dwarf!"
Why do I always have to do it?
Oh yeah.
Which loser?
That Larry guy -- what look was he going for? A gay tennis player from the forties?
I bet! Actually he reminds me of that one creep you went out with -- you always go for guys with some lame, fake shtick.
No, she was the second wife. The third one was the super-bitch - Maxine.  There! Look at her!
There's my dad with Joanie.
Look, that's back when I hated you.
Look at how cute I am!
I've been looking all over for this.
Hey - why do you have this?
I dunno. John Ellis always puts on all this sick stuff that I have to fast-forward past to get to the good stuff.  There's supposed to be a Don Knotts movie on here someplace.
Wait... I just want to see what's on this tape.
Does Oomie really like this show?
Oh, we totally have to.
I know. And he's like psychotically obsessing over every little detail.
Jesus! Listen to this one: "Do you remember me? Airport shuttle, June 7th. You: striking redhead with yellow dress, pearl necklace, brown shoes. I was the bookish fellow in the green cardigan who helped you find your contact lens. Am I crazy, or did we have a moment?"
Okay, well here's yours...  "Who said all the most eligible bachelors are taken? Not this one! Stunning bod, very snugglelicious ocean sunset dreamer."
God, this paper is so boring. Who reads all this shit?  Here we go...  "Windsurfing Doctor, Mensan IQ, maverick Sagittarius. Let's hit the clubs, make each other laugh!"
What does that even mean?
Did you notice all those weird things on the menu? Like "The Salad Explosion"?
You loser!
Hi, Al!
I feel as though I've stepped into a time warp!
"Authentic 50's diner"? Since when were there mini-malls in the 1950's?
Hey, look at this...
Maybe they're slowly poisoning us or they're planning to brainwash us and --
Maybe there's some weird secret satanic society that meets at the Quality Cafe and all of the other regular customers are in on it except for us.
You know, sacrifice virgins and stuff...
In fact, never.
We should follow them!
I know, it hasn't really hit me yet.
Yeah, I just picked the one that sounded the easiest.
Soon... I have to wait and see how this Summer class goes.
Just look at them!
Look at these people behind you. I'm totally convinced they're Satanists.
God, think about that... that's actually totally depressing.
God, just think, we'll never see Dennis again.
He better watch out or he'll get AIDS when he date-rapes her.
Oh my god, look! Is Stacy Himmler going out with Rod Harbaugh?
Since when is she an "actress"?
What? Why?
Shut up!
Just think, we'll never have to see any of these creepy faces ever again.
This is so bad it's gone past good and back to bad again...
Remember that stupid hippie art teacher who failed me sophomore year? I didn't think that just because you get an "F" that means you have to take the class over again.
These assholes are saying that I have to go to Summer school and take some stupid art class!
What?... Oh suck my fucking dick!
I know, I liked her better when she was an alcoholic crack addict! She gets in one car wreck and all of a sudden she's Little Miss Perfect and everybody loves her.
God, what a bunch of retards...
See, that's exactly the kind of thing we're trying to avoid.
What are you going to be when you grow up, Todd?
Just because.
We're not.
What about me? Am I not even here?
Well, we won't keep you.
What are you doing here, Melorra?
Oh yeah, that'll definitely happen...
Nothing.
Yeah, we graduated high school -- how totally amazing.
Oh yeah, like he even noticed.
Shhh!
I'm taking a remedial high school art class for fuck-ups and retards.
Where did you get those pants?
It's kind of falling apart.
I thought it wasn't for sale.
Who does?
Do you have any other old records besides these?
That's okay...
How much is this?
A what?
Go die, asshole!
That tape sucked, by the way!
That's not even --
I know it's over, asshole, I --
Tell me what?
I hate to tell you this but they cancelled this bus line two years ago... There are no buses on this street.
...are you waiting for a bus?
Hi... what's your name?
Later, "Dude".
Thanks for the tape - I'll have to pay you later, I'm broke.
Fuck you, you stupid redneck hick!
I did too!
Did you bring that tape?
You're late, asshole.
Why do you even want it? It would look stupid on you.
I was wearing that dress the day I lost my virginity.
Five hundred.
That's five hundred dollars.
I can treat him any way I want to - I'm an adult! Leave me alone!
Shhh... I really need to get some sleep.
I was just thinking out loud...  I mean, you've got this whole thing with Dana -- I'm not going to let you fuck that up...
Yeah, well... me neither...
No... forget it...
What?... Maybe... no... I dunno...
God, Dana's going to kill you!
What's the matter with you, Seymour? Don't you like me? Be a man for once in your life!
What do you want?
I'm serious! I'm just so sick of everybody! Why can't I just do whatever I want?
Who cares? Let's just go... what's stopping us?
I'll drive, then -- we'll go out in a blaze of glory!
You know what we should do? Let's go get in your car right now and just take off! We could just drive away and find some new place and start a whole new life... fuck everybody!
It would have to be some totally average day when nobody was expecting it, and I'd just disappear and they'd never see me again.
I used to think about one day not telling anybody and just taking off and going to some random place... Do you ever think about stuff like that?
You know what my number one fantasy used to be?
Oh yeah... and Dana...  You were a lot more fun before you met Dana. You've been acting way too normal lately... you're a bitter, twisted, fucked-up guy, Seymour, that's why I like you.
...Maybe I should just move in here with you... I could do all the cooking and dust your record collection and stuff until I get a job.
I dunno... I always feel like everybody secretly hates me. I'm just paranoid I guess. I mean, you like me don't you? We're good friends, right?
Yeah, but still... it's kind of insulting for a girl to be ignored like that.
How come in all that time I was trying to get you a date, you never asked me out?
At least you're not like every other stupid guy in the world - all they care about are guitars and sports... they're all such fags!
What are you talking about? You're disappointed every minute of your life.
That's great! "Half-empty" - that's what I like about you, Seymour, you're a natural pessimist!
Jesus, how can you stand her?
Where did you get this?
You need a bigger place - this is like a little kid's room.
FUCK DANA. I'm sick of Dana.
What about this?
Do you have anything to drink?
Look, I just need somebody to be nice to me for five minutes and then I'll leave you alone.
Can you at least let me in?
I had to see you.
Nothing. Don't worry, I won't bother you any more.
I don't think you understand how I really feel about you, Seymour.
In whatever way you think I mean.
So, do you like me, Seymour?
Does that mean you don't like me?
You must have done something to make her think you like me.
What does she mean by that - "somebody like me"?
What's her problem anyway?  Did she actually tell you you couldn't see me?
So that's it? You don't ever want to see me again?
And you like them?
Well when can we do something?
Well forget the art show... let's do something else.
Of course you should. C'mon, I'm already a million hours late.
I'm going to this stupid art show and I want you to be my date... There's something I have to show you...
Maybe... I dunno... He wants to be, of course. I'm weighing several offers at the present time...
I dunno... okay, I guess...  I fucked that guy Josh finally...
Aren't you even going to ask me how I'm doing?
What, are you trying to get rid of me?
Sounds good...
So, what kind of stuff do you guys do together? Is she into old records and stuff?
Yeah, I'll bet! So, how's it going with what's-her-name? Dana?
No, actually Joe told me you were here... so how come you never call me anymore?
Where have you been? I've been looking all over for you... I've been wandering the streets day and night trying to find you...
Boo!
What, are you going to like have sex with her on your first date?
What? You're kidding me...
So, what happened?
Hi, it's me...
Well, uh... I'm an expert-about stuff like this -- she was totally for real!
Seymour! I promise you that wasn't a joke -- you have to call her back!
That didn't sound like a joke to me... what, did you write a personal ad or something?
Wow!  What was that all about?
Aren't you going to get that?
I wonder if you really like all these old records or if you only like the fact that nobody else likes them?
Never mind, it's way too complicated...  Did you have problems like this when you were my age - where you're totally confused all the time?
Oh wait, you met him... remember that guy Josh? I'm like practically obsessed with him, but I can't do anything about it because Becky would freak out.
Actually, I've got a total crush on this one guy right now, but it's a really fucked-up situation...
I know. It's not like it makes all your problems go away.
Never...
I mean, I'm eighteen years old and I've never even had a real, steady boyfriend for more than like two weeks!
Yeah, well, you're not the only one. Everybody I know has totally fucked up problems... It seems like only stupid people have good relationships...
What, like a girdle?
What is that?
Are you okay?
No, Doofus... blow it out!
You can open your eyes now.
Don't you trust me, Seymour?
I promise I'll take good care of it.
Hey, can I borrow this?
So, I don't really get it -- are you saying that things were better back then  even though there was stuff like this?
Yeah, but still...
Jesus, I'd go nuts if I had to work in an office all day.
What are you, a fry cook or something?
You work at Cook's Chicken?
"Four-piece Cook's special deep fried with side n' slaw it's OUT RAY-GEOUS"!
What, are you a klansman or something?
What the fuck, Seymour?! What is this?
I dunno... because I can't stand the idea of a world where a guy like you can't get a date...
Wow, this is so cool...
It doesn't matter, I'm not staying long... I just want to make sure I convince you not to give up yet.
I'd rather end up like you than those people at that stupid bar...  At least you're an interesting person... at least you're not exactly like everybody else...
Yeah, well, I can't relate to humanity either, but I don't think it's totally hopeless...
It's not hopeless...
We just need to figure out a place where you can meet somebody who isn't a total idiot, that's all.
I told her you were a big record executive and you were thinking of signing that band to your label.
Just wait here.
Well, offer her a seat! You want me to do it?
Jesus, Seymour.
This bar's going to be packed with girls for you to pick from.
So, why did you bring this along?
Relax, Seymour, relax...
C'mon, Seymour, please?
Look at this -- "Lollipop Lolitas" - isn't child pornography totally illegal?
OH MY GOD!
Wow! Look at all these creeps!
Fine, I'll go by myself then...
PLEASE? We have to!
We'll just go in for one minute -- it'll be a riot!
Please, Seymour... Becky and I have been dying to go in here but we can't get any boys to take us...  Please?
Oh my god! We have to go in here!
Josh? He's nobody's boyfriend... He's just this guy that Becky and I like to torture.
Let's just say "music" - that way you only use up one...  Wait, we have to go in here for a second...
Yeah yeah yeah... Just tell me your five main interests, in order of importance.
We need to narrow this down somehow... we need to find a place where you can meet women who share your interests.
Every guy has a type!
C'mon Seymour, I'm trying to collect data here! Don't you want me to find you your perfect dream girl?
Okay, what about this one? Are you into girls with big tits?
But putting that aside for now, would you go out with her?
What about her? Would you go out with her?
Mark my words, by the end of this summer you'll be up to your neck in pussy!
I mean it -- You leave everything to me -- I'm going to be your own personal dating service!
I'm totally serious!
No really... I guarantee I could get you a date in like two seconds...
I'm talking to you... I'll bet there are tons of women who would go out with you in a minute!
No you're not! You're a cool guy, Seymour.
Oh, come on! What are you talking about?
God, look at this poster!  I can't believe this room! You're the luckiest guy in the world! I'd kill to have stuff like this!
Wow! This is like my dream room! Are these all records!
Really? Can I see it?
You're right about that.  So this is your record collection?
What was all that stuff about enlarged holes and tight cracks?
Hey, I was only kidding!
Oops! I dropped it!
Yeah, sure, I guess...
Wow!
Yeah, that's good too... the whole record was good, but that one song, "Devil Got My Woman" -- I mostly just keep playing that one over and over... Do you have any other records like that?
Yeah, it took a while before I got a chance to play it, but when I heard that song it was like --
Okay.
How much is it?
Wow!
Is this one any good?
Sure, I guess.
Sure!... Wait, maybe not 78s, but I can play regular records...
You know, like weird 1960's Indian rock n' roll music.
Do you have any old Indian records?
