I'm sorry, Enid - you have to be an official high school graduate before I can nominate you.  I had to give it to someone else...  But I'm sure next year I can --
Well they're forcing me to give you a non-passing grade in the class because of what happened at the exhibition... but don't worry -- I'm sure I'll be able to get you your diploma in the Fall!
Oh my goodness... well, the whole thing is just ridiculous, and as soon as the school board is back in session next Fall I'm going to do everything I can to help you.
Didn't Principal Jaffee call you?
The whole business with the art show and the newspaper -- it's absolutely --
Enid! I'm so sorry about what happened.
Let me know as soon as you can, Enid. This could be a great thing for you.
Well, yes...
So what do you think?
As far as I know it includes housing and meals and everything... it is really quite an offer...
Well, I know this is really short notice, but I got a call from a very close friend at the Academy of Art & Design and she tells me that I'm allowed to place one student from your graduating class in a one year scholarship program... and, well, I hope you don't mind, Enid, but I took the liberty of submitting your name.
Don't worry - it's nothing bad. I was just wondering what your plans were for next year?
Enid, can I talk to you for a minute?
And how does an image like this help us to see that?
And how do you think this addresses the subject of racism?
Did you actually do this painting?
These are all valid comments, but I think we should see if the artist has anything to bring to this.
I see... interesting...
And what was your reason for choosing him as your subject?
Who is this, Enid?
And what can you tell us about this...
I think it's really a wonderful piece, Margaret!
This shocking image of repressed femininity!
Very good. Now, what can you tell us about it in regard to your artistic intent?
I can see that... now what can you tell us about it? First of all, what kind of sculpture is this?
What do we have here, Margaret?
Isn't this a wonderful piece, class? This definitely falls into that higher category of art I was speaking of earlier.
Talk to us about it...
I think that Phillip and Enid can help us to see that there are-many different ways we can express ourselves.  We can do things like these cartoons that are amusing as a sort of light entertainment or we can do work that is more serious in scope and feeling and that deals with issues; emotional, spiritual, political; of great importance. I hope that you will each have the tools to do that type of work by the end of this class.  Who is responsible for this?
