And why do you think it is you're standing here talking to me? These people don't make mistakes, Agent Mulder.
You'd be shit out of luck if not for me. You saw what you saw because I led you to it. I'm putting my ass on the line for you.
I told you -- he and I were old friends --
I've been using you?!
Yeah, well I don't have them all.
That would be my guess.
What do you think?
-- You saw this experiment?
What?
You found something?
You can't.
Something's gone wrong -- something unanticipated. Go back to Dallas and dig. Or you're only going to find out like the rest of the country, Agent Mulder. When it's too late.
I think you know. The timetable has been set. It will happen on a holiday, when people are away from their homes. When our elected officials are at their resorts or out of the country. The President will declare a state of emergency, at which time all federal agencies, all government will come under the power of the Federal Emergency Management Agency. FEMA, Agent Mulder. The secret government.
The plague to end all plagues, Agent Mulder. A silent weapon for a quiet war. The systematic release of an indiscriminate organism for which the men who will bring it on still have no cure. They've been working on this for fifty years. While the rest of the world was fighting gooks and commies these men have been secretly negotiating a planned Armageddon.
What killed those men can't be identified in simple medical terms. My god, we can't even wrap our minds around something as obvious as HIV. We have no context for what killed those men, or any appreciation of the scale in which it will be unleashed in the future. Of how it will be transmitted; of the environmental factors involved.
What killed them I won't even write about. I tell you, they'd do more than just harass me. They have the future to protect.
When we were young men in the military, your father and I were recruited for a project. They told us it was biological warfare. A virus. There were rumors about its origins.
And are you familiar with FEMA? What the Federal Emergency Management Agency's real power is? FEMA allows the White House to suspend constitutional government upon declaration of a national emergency. To create a non-elected government. Think about that.  What is an agency with such broad sweeping power doing managing a small viral outbreak in suburban Texas?
According to the newspaper, FEMA had been called out to manage an outbreak of the Hanta virus. Are you familiar with the Hanta virus, Agent Mulder?
I picked up the historical document of the venality and hypocrisy of the American government. The daily newspaper.
I was right about Dallas. Wasn't I, Agent Mulder?
I don't either, but it sure sells books.
You know my work?
For what? Because I'm a dangerous man. Because I know too much about the truth.
What is it? Kiddie porn again? Sexual battery of a patient? I've had my license taken away in three states.
See this bullshit...? Somebody knows I'm talking to you.
Do you?
And one little boy.
Michaud was a patriot. The men he's loyal to know their way around Dallas. They blew that building to hide something. Maybe something even they couldn't predict.
That's what I'm saying.
Those people were already dead.
No. They put the bomb in the building across the street because it DID have federal offices. The Federal Emergency Management Agency had a provisional medical quarantine office there. Which is where the bodies were found. But that's the thing...
What's the question nobody's asking? Why that building? Why not the Federal Building?
S.A.C. Darius Michaud never tried or intended to defuse the bomb.
I came on my own. After reading about the bombing in Dallas.
I'm a doctor, but I think I mentioned that. OB-GYN.
Heard you come here now and again. Figured you'd be needing a little drinky tonight.
Old friend of your father's.
My name's Kurtzweil. Dr. Alvin Kurtzweil.
Yeah, I did.
No. I've been watching your career for a good while. Back when you were just a promising young agent -- before that.
Standing around holding your yank while bombs are exploding.
