Well, we're FBI agents.
I think you better tell us.
You're not supposed to talk about it? Who told you that?
Do you live around here?
No, they don't.
What is it you find incredible?
Agent Mulder.
I hope to. We're working to develop this evidence --
Nothing completely conclusive --
Yes. I know.
That the bombing in Dallas may have been to destroy the bodies of those firemen, so their deaths and the reason for them wouldn't have to be explained --
Yes.
I apologize for making you wait -- I've brought some new evidence with me --
I can't go any farther.
Where are we?
Cold...
I've got no allergy. Something... this... Mulder... I think... I think you should call an ambulance.
No -- it's --
...my pulse feels thready and I've got a funny taste in the back of my throat.
Something's wrong...  I'm having -- lancinating pain -- my chest. My... motor functions are being affected. I'm...
I think... something stung me.
Why was I assigned to you? To debunk your work. To reign you in. To shut you down.
You don't Mulder -- you've never needed me. I've only held you back.  I've got to go.
I'm contacting the state board Monday to file medical reinstatement papers --
I have. I did. It's done.
You're on the verge, Mulder -- please don't do this to me --
I can, Mulder. I debated whether or not to even tell you in person, because I knew --
I already gave Skinner my letter of resignation.
Salt Lake City, Utah. Transfer effective immediately.
Where'd they go?
What are you doing?
Yeah...?
I hear the humming. Like electricity. High voltage maybe.
Cool in here. Temperature's being regulated.
Any thoughts on why anybody'd be growing corn in the middle of the desert?
This is weird, Mulder.
What do you think it is?
Pounding down some dirt road in the middle of the night. Chasing some elusive truth on a dim hope, only to find myself standing right where I am right now: at another dead end --
I don't believe this. I don't fucking believe this.  Y'know, I've been here... I've been here one too many times with you, Mulder.
Mulder --
What do you mean by haul?  What are you not telling me here?
They haul gas in tanker trucks, they haul oil in tanker trucks -- they don't haul viruses in tanker trucks.
-- of what exactly?!
I've got to be in Washington D.C. in eleven hours for a hearing -- the outcome of which might possibly affect one of the biggest decisions of my life. And here I am standing out in the middle of nowhere Texas, chasing phantom tanker trucks.
This is great. This is fitting.
I don't know why I think they went right.
We've got two choices. One of them is wrong.
About a hundred miles of nothing in each direction.
That's the first question to answer, if we're going to find them.
I don't know, Mulder.
All the equipment is brand new.
It looks pretty green for this climate.
No.  It didn't show up on any of the immunohistochemical tests --
The bone was porous, as if the virus of the causative microbe were digesting it.
I don't see any evidence of an archeological or any other kind of digsite. Not even a sewer or a storm drain.
He didn't mention a park.
That I don't know. But if it's through simple contact of blood to blood, and if it doesn't respond to conventional treatments, it could be a serious health threat.
Something I couldn't show to anyone else. Not without more information. And not without causing the kind of attention I'd just as soon avoid right now.  The virus those men were infected with contains a protein coat I've never seen before. What it did to them it did extremely fast. And unlike the AIDS virus or any other aggressive strain, it survives very nicely outside the body.
I wasn't planning on it. Particularly after spending a half hour in cold storage this morning. But I got a better look at the blood and tissue samples I took from the firemen.
Mulder -- I can't -- I'm already way past the point of common sense here --
I've got a hearing tomorrow --
Mulder --
I don't know.
Evidence of a massive infection.
I can't really talk right now.
Mulder, this is going to take some time, and somebody's going to figure out soon enough we're not even supposed to be here.  I'm in serious violation of medical ethics.
You're saying the bombing was a cover-up. Of what?
You knew this man didn't die at the bomb site before we got here.
I don't know what killed this man. I'm not sure if anybody else could claim to either.
And there's been no autopsy performed. There's no Y incision here; no internal exam.
There's some kind of cellular breakdown. It's completely edematous.
And you're looking for?
This is one of the firemen who died in Dallas?
Mulder -- what are you doing?
Go home, Mulder. It's late.
I thought you may have gotten drunk and decided to come here to talk me out of quitting.
Is that before or after you got the idea to come here?
Are you drunk, Mulder?
No.
There's really no reason left for me to stay anymore.  Maybe you should ask yourself if your heart's still in it, too.
They're not doing this, Mulder.  I left behind a career in medicine because I thought I might make a difference at the FBI. When they recruited me they told me women made up nine percent of the bureau. I felt this was not an impediment, but an opportunity to distinguish myself. But it hasn't turned out that way. And now, if I were to be transferred to Omaha, or Wichita or some field office where I'm sure I could rise, it just doesn't hold the interest for me it once did. Not after what I've seen and done.
Because they wanted me to invalidate your work, your investigations into the paranormal. But I think this goes deeper than that.
I think you must have an idea. They cited a history of problems relating back to 1993.
I meet with the OPR day after tomorrow for remediation and reassignment...
They have divided us, Mulder. They're splitting us up.
All I told them was the truth.
-- Mulder! Get in the car!
Mulder. Move away from the door. We're coming through it.
Hang on. I'm gonna get you out of there.
Mulder? Tell me this is a joke.
Nice try, Mulder.
Where are you, Mulder?
Scully...
Something sweet.
I just did. You're buying.
I saw your face, Mulder. There was a moment of panic.
Oh yeah. Had you big time.
Had you.
Now what?
You've got to quit looking for what isn't there. They've closed the X-Files. There's procedure to be followed here. Protocol.
I know you're bored in this assignment, but unconventional thinking is only going to get you into trouble now.
Jesus, Mulder...
Mulder...?
Mulder... when a terrorist bomb threat is called in, the logical purpose of providing this information is to allow us to find the bomb. The rational object of terrorism is to promote terror. If you'd study model behavioral pattern in virtually every case where a threat has turned up an explosive device. If we don't act in accordance with that data -- if you ignore it as we have done -- the chances are great that if here actually is a bomb we might not find it. Lives could be lost --
I know that. But the threat was called in for the Federal Building across the street.
I've just climbed twelve floors. I'm hot and thirsty and I'm wondering, to be honest, what I'm doing here.
No. I haven't.
I'm on the roof.
Mulder -- it's me --
