Who?
Do they know?
My lateness may have well been absence. A course has already been taken.
Into what?
Who called this meeting?
Is it an emergency?
Yes.
My life is over.  Go.
Find Agent Scully. Save her. Only her science can save the future.
The vaccine you hold is the only defense against the virus. Its introduction into an alien environment may have the power to destroy the delicate plans we've so assiduously protected for the last fifty years.  Or it may not.
You have precious little time. What I've given you the alien colonists have no idea exists. You hold in your hand the power to end the project.
Driver.
Dr. Kurtzweil is in the trunk.
As your father knew, things need to be sacrificed to the future.
I thought it only fair you should know, given how hard you've worked.
The only true survivors of the viral holocaust will be those immune to it: those vaccinated against it and human/alien hybrids. Your father arranged for your sister's abduction. He allowed her to be taken to an alien hybrid program, so that she would survive. As a clone.  He had different hopes for you. That you would uncover the truth about the Project. That you would stop it. That you would fight the future.
Imagine our surprise when they began to gestate. My group has been working cooperatively with the alien colonists, facilitating their programs. To give us access to the virus. In false hope we might be able to secretly find a cure. So that we might save ourselves, as the last of the species.  Your father wisely refused to believe this, choosing hope over selfishness. Hope is the only future he had: his children,  The only future any of us have.
Until Dallas, we believed the virus was simply a controlling organism. That mass infection would make us a slave race.
Your aliens, Agent Mulder, your little green men, first landed here millions of years ago. Those that didn't leave have been laying dormant underground since the last Ice Age. In the form of an evolved pathogen. Waiting to be reconstituted when the alien race from which it came returns to colonize the planet. Using us as hosts. Against this we have no defense. Nothing but a weak vaccine.  Do you see why it was kept secret? Why even the best men -- men like your father -- could not let the truth be known?
Aids, the ebola virus -- on the evolutionary scale they are newborns. This virus walked the planet long before the dinosaurs.
No! For God sake you've got it all backwards.
A simple, unstoppable lifeform. What is a virus but a colonizing force that cannot be defeated? Living in a cave, underground, until it mutates. And attacks.
No. Though I have no way to prove otherwise. The virus is extraterrestrial. We know very little about it, except that it is the original inhabitant of this planet.
A weak vaccine against the virus Agent Scully has been infected with. It must be administered with ninety six hours.
I think of it as an agreement. A word your father liked to use.
I'm quite prepared to tell you everything, though there isn't much you haven't guessed.
Yes.
I have answers for you.
He's come and gone.
Mr. Mulder.
No, you need only take away what is most precious to him.
You can't kill Mulder. He's got too much light on him.
No one believes Kurtzweil or his books. He's a toiler. A crank.
Our vaccine may have no effect!
And if it doesn't? By cooperating now we're but beggars to our demise! Our ignorance was in cooperating with the Colonists at all.
In hope of what? Learning that it's true?! That we are nothing more than digestives for the creation of a new race of alien lifeforms?!
This isn't Colonization, it's spontaneous repopulation. All our work... if it's true, then they've been using us all along. We've been laboring under a lie!
My god...
More concerns than that?
I'm sorry. My grandson fell and broke his leg.
