You think you're special because you get to play Picture Pages up there?
Well I'm a nail technician, and I think we both ought to stick to what we know.
I said, what-is-your-job-title, Missy?
What is your job title, exactly?
They could be utterly negligent. Maybe they'll do a far shittier job of raising a kid than my dumbass stepdaughter ever would. Have you considered that?
Wait, what's that supposed to mean?
What? I'm not made of stone.
Oh Mac, no! He's a sweet kid. You know it wasn't his idea.
Oh God yeah. But I was hoping she was expelled or into hard drugs.
You're not going to be a Pop-Pop. And Juno's not going to be a ma. Somebody else is going to find a precious blessing from Jesus in this garbage dump of a situation. I friggin' hope.
I think kids get bored and have intercourse. And I think Junebug was a dummy about it. But we have to move on from here and help her figure it out.
Nails? Really?
Shit.  Hey, can we give my kid the damn spinal tap already?
Well, honey, doctors are sadists who like to play God and watch lesser people scream.
It's called a spinal block, and you can't have it yet, honey. The doctor said you're not dilated enough.
Oh, go fly a kite.
Yeah, because you're allergic to their saliva. I've made a lot of sacrifices for you, Juno. And in a couple years you're going to move out -- and I'm getting Weimaraners.
I know enough.
It doesn't work that way, kiddo. You don't know squat about the dynamics of marriage.
That was a mistake, Juno. Mark is a married stranger. You overstepped a boundary.
You could have sent it to them. Why would you drive an hour out to East Jesus, Nowhere?
A couple of hours? Why are you going up there in the first place?
Where the hell have you been, Junebug?
First things first, we have to get you healthy. You need prenatal vitamins. Incidentally, they'll do incredible things for your nails, so that's a plus. Oh, and we need to schedule a doctor's appointment. Find out where you're going to deliver.
Well, you're a brave young lady. You're made of stronger stuff than I thought. You're a little Viking!
Junebug, that is a tough, tough thing to do. Probably tougher than you can understand right now.
Oh, God...
Well, I was just asking. It seemed plausible.
Hon, did you get expelled?
Juno? Did you happen to barf in my urn? Mac, you know that nice urn by the front door, the one I got up in Stillwater? I found some weird blue shit, I mean stuff, gunk, in there this morning.
