The pebbles forgive me, the trees forgive me. So why can't you forgive me? I don't see what anyone can see, in anyone else but you.
You are always trying to keep it real. I'm in love with how you feel. I don't see what anyone can see, in anyone else but you.
Here is the church and here is the steeple. We sure are cute for two ugly people. I don't see what anyone can see, in anyone else but you.
Okay.
That's all I need from you. That's more than I could ever ask for. You're just golden, dude.
Basically, I'm completely smitten with you, and I don't care if I'm making an ass out of myself right now, because you've seen me make an ass out of myself a million times, and you still want to be my friend.
I think it's because my heart starts pounding when I see you.
Plus, you're the only person who doesn't stare at my stomach all the fucking time. You actually look at my face. And every time I look at you, the baby starts kicking me super hard.
No, you're naturally smart. You always think of the funniest things to do. Remember when you passed me that postcard during Spanish class, and it was addressed like, "Junebug MacGuff, Row 4, Third Seat From the Blackboard"? And it said, "I'm having fun in Barcelona -- wish you were here"? That was hilarious.
No, for real. I think you are the coolest person I've ever met. And you don't even have to try.
Also, I think I'm in love with you.
You know, I've been thinking. I'm really sorry I was such a huge bitch to you. You didn't deserve that. You never deserve any of the poo I unload on you.
Because they're your fave. And you can never have too much of your favorite one-calorie breath mint.
Yeah. That was me.
Oh. It's fine. What's another ten pounds?
Huh?
Well at least you don't have to walk around with the evidence under your sweater. I'm a planet!
What? Are you ashamed that we did it?
I still have your virginity!
Forget it, Bleek. Take Katrina the Douche Packer to the prom. I'm sure you guys will have a really bitchin' time!
Why? Because I got bored and had sex with you one day, and then I didn't, like, marry you?
That's not how our thing works! I hurl the accusations and you talk me down, remember?
What?
I'm not mad. I'm in a fucking great mood. Despite the fact that I'm trapped in a fat suit I can't take off, despite the fact that everyone is making fun of me behind my back, despite the fact that your little girlfriend gave me the stinkeye in art class yesterday...
Your mom must be really glad you're not taking me.
Leah just told me you were going with her.
Are you honestly and truly going to prom with Katrina De Voort?
I totally heard you did.
What about Katrina De Voort? You could go out with Katrina De Voort.
Were we together?
Yeah. Sure. Once Tino gets a new drumhead we should be good to go.
Jesus, Bleek.
I'm going to really start looking like a dork soon. Will you still think I'm cute if I'm huge?
I asked my dad and Bren not to narc us out to your folks, so we should be safe.
The guy is super cool! His name is Mark and he's into old horror movies and he plays guitar. I actually hung out with him today.
Yeah. Um, I hooked up a whole private adoption thing. These married people in Saint Cloud are going to be the parents.
I just wanted to come over. You know, say hi. I miss hanging out with you on school nights.
I'll try to drop by later.
Sorry, Bleek... Going for my ultrasound. Gotta note and everything.
Charisma?
Oh yeah. I'm kind of a deadbeat lab partner, huh?
Oh, I couldn't copy your work.
Well! Nothing like experimenting.
I'll see you at school, O.K.?
I'm real sorry I had sex with you. I know it wasn't your idea.
So that's cool with you, then?
I thought I might, you know, nip it in the bud before it gets worse. Because I heard in health class that pregnancy often results in an infant.
I know.
When I see them all running like that, with their things bouncing around in their shorts, I always picture them naked, even if I don't want to. I have intrusive thoughts all the time.
I'm pregnant.
Go Carole.  So, guess what?
Your shorts are looking especially gold today.
Yeah, I swiped it from Ms. Rancick.
Hey Bleek.
It really didn't hurt that bad having him.
You mean I have to wait for it to get even worse? Why can't they just give it to me now?
Ow, ow, fuckity-ow. Bren, when do I get that Spinal Tap thing?
Wow, dream big!
We don't even have a dog!
You don't know anything about me!
Listen, Bren-duhhh, I think you're the one overstepping boundaries. You're acting like you're the one who has to go through this and get huge and push a baby out of your vag for someone else. Besides, who cares if he's married? I can have friends who are married.
I don't know, I just did. And while we were waiting for Vanessa, Mark and I watched The Wizard of Gore and he burned me some CDs of weird music. He's kind of cool.
They said they wanted to know about this stuff. They said to keep them updated, so I did!
I drove to St. Cloud to show Mark and Vanessa the ultrasound. And I wound up staying for a couple of hours.
The term "deliver" is so weird. Can we not say "deliver"?
Cool it.
No.
Well, I'm not ready to be a mom.
But they have a real lawyer and everything. I'm going to meet with them next weekend.
But I'm going to give it up for adoption. I already found the perfect people.
No. The school would probably contact you in the event of my expulsion.
I have no idea how to spit this out.
I would never barf in your urn, Brenda. Maybe L.B. did it.
Shit, yeah. Close it up.
Yeah. Yeah! The way people used to do it. Quick and dirty, like ripping off a Band-Aid.
Oh. Uh, my stepmom took me to the doctor yesterday and they said I was twelve weeks.
I'm a junior.
Not really. I'm sixteen. I'm old enough to tell when people are acting like total a-holes!
Please don't get a divorce! God, Mark, just do me a solid and stay with your wife.
Yeah, but didn't you love Vanessa when you married her? If you love someone once, you can love them again, I know it. My friend Leah has gone out with the same guy, like, four times. You're just not trying.
Yeah, I guess... Is this my fault? Is Vanessa mad at you because of me?
I don't know. I just liked being your friend. I sort of liked becoming furniture in your weird life.
But you're old!
I want you guys to adopt the Buglet. I wanted everything to be perfect. Not shitty and broken like everyone else's family. Listen, once I have the baby, Vanessa is going to finally be happy, and everything will be all right. Believe me on this one!
This isn't what we agreed on. You guys have to take care of... this! You are the chosen custodians of the big-ass bump!
No. No, you definitely cannot do that, Mark. That's a big, fat sack of no!
No.
What?
I don't know.
Only squares and nerds go to dances.
Oh, okay. Like this.
Oh man, I can just picture you slow dancing like a dork!
That's almost interesting, Mark. Who did you dance with?
You do?
What?
Wow, I actually feel like less of a fat dork now.
"Most Fruitful Yuki"? What is... Oh my god, she's a pregnant superhero!
Oh God, you're one of those guys...
Oh, Mark! Is this the baby's room? It's beautiful!
Cool.
Is Vanessa here?
Okay, stop surfing porn and get back to work. Just wanted to say hi.
Consider it your musical education.
Well, when you're used to the raw power of Iggy and the Stooges, everything else sounds kind of precious by comparison.
I sort of like it. I mean, it's cute.
So, I've been spending a lot of time listening to that weird CD you made me.
You should have gone to China. I heard they give away babies like free iPods. They shoot 'em out of those T-shirt guns at sports events.
Why?
Hey, what kind of swag did you score?
I came over as soon as I got that cold ultrasound goo off my pelvis. My stepmom verbally abused the ultrasound tech so we were escorted off the premises.
I'll handle this. I'm really good at diffusing mom-type rage.
Why? What the big deal?
I weighed my options. But after all this, I'm glad I didn't, you know, get rid of it. I want to have it. For you guys.
Uh, thanks.
My dad went through this phase where he was obsessed with Greek and Roman mythology. He named me after Zeus's wife. I mean, Zeus had other lays, but I'm pretty sure Juno was his only wife. She was supposed to be really beautiful but really mean. Like Diana Ross.
Madison? Isn't that kind of... I don't know, gay?
So, have you and Vanessa thought of a name for the baby yet?
This is even better than Suspiria. You've got decent taste in slasher movies, Mark.
Frankly, this looks kind of stupid.
Please. Dario Argento is the ultimate master of horror.
The Wizard of Gore?
I didn't. But it's a three-way tie between the Stooges, Patti Smith and the Runaways.
You don't have to do that.
Hey, I like this.
I've heard the Carpenters before. Chick drummer and freaky dude. Not unlike the White Stripes.
What is it?
Well don't worry about it. My stepmom is forcing me to eat really healthy. She won't even let me stand in front of the microwave or eat red M&Ms. Hope you're ready.
Yeah?
You know... it's parts...
That's what you think. I drink tons of booze so you might get one of those scary neuter-babies that's born without junk.
The doctor can tell, but I decided not to know. I want it to be a big surprise.
No, he's the dad.
I think it kind of looks like my friend, Paulie.
Behold, good sir! The very first photo of your future child.
You're kind of a sellout, aren't you? What would the Melvins say?
Titanium Power! Get more snatch by the batch!
Oh.
Like what?
No shit. Like Johannes Brahms?
Why aren't you at work?
Sure. What is it with you rich people and your herb-infused juices?
Right. I hear they can be kind of a time-suck.
I've got something really cool to show you guys. Is Vanessa here?
That's all right. My axe is named Roosevelt. After Franklin, not Ted. Franklin was the hot one with the polio.
Your guitar is named Kimber?
Nuh-uh, 1977! Punk Volume 1. You weren't there, so you can't understand the magic.
When was this, like '96?
Yeah.
What is that, Mahogany? What happens if you crack the neck?
What? I'm a pawn shop rocker.
I rock a Harmony.
It's beautiful. I've always liked Gibson better than Fender.
Wow, you get a whole room in your own house? She's got you on a long leash there, Mark.
Blood and guts.
You should be happy, Holmes. I'm giving you and Vanessa the gift of life. Sweet, screaming, pooping life! And you don't even have to be there when the baby comes out of me all covered in...
I did steal a squirt of perfume. What do you think? It's Clinique Happy.
Well, you don't just invite a random pregnant teenager into your house and leave her unsupervised. I could be a total klepto, for all you know.
Did your wife send you up here to spy on me?
Whoops! Yikes, I didn't expect to see you up here.
Whoah. I don't want to see pictures. I don't need to be notified of anything. Can't we just kick it old school? I could just put the baby in a basket and send it your way. You know, like Moses in the reeds.
Well, I just have the baby and give it to you, right?
No.
Geeeerta Rauuuss!
Really? Fingernails?
Well, it was nice seeing you.
Wise move. I know this girl who had a huge crazy freakout because she took too many behavioral meds at once. She took off her clothes and jumped into the fountain at Ridgedale Mall and she was like, "Blaaaaah! I'm a kraken from the sea!"
You should try Adderall.
Good. I'm good.  Did you finish that paper for Worth's class yet?
Uh, hi Su-Chin.
I'm not crying. I'm allergic to fine home furnishings. See you later.
Nothing.
Elbow.
Are you kidding? Everyone at school is always grabbing at my belly. I'm like a legend. They call me the Cautionary Whale.
Happy? Oh, you mean like, physically. I'm good. Look, I have a snooze button now!
Please excuse Leah. She's mentally challenged.
Well hi Vanessa! What brings you to the mall today?
Naah. I'm already pregnant, so they figure nothing worse could happen to me. I gotta bounce anyway. It was nice seeing you guys again.
What do you mean? You mean...  Do you think I'm going to flake out on you?
I thought people got all that stuff at baby showers. When my stepmom had my sister I remember she got about a million presents. They were all lame though, so I wasn't jealous.
Doesn't it look like it's waving? It's kind of like it's saying "Hi, Vanessa. Will you be my mommy?"
This is the baby. Your baby.
Sure. It's the right size and everything. I even saw its phalanges today! Check this...
I went to the doctor today.
Nothing...
Look, if I could give it to you now, I would. But it probably looks like a Sea Monkey at this point, so I think we should leave it in there for a while until it gets cuter, you know?
I'm going to say I'm 104% sure.
Oh. Sure. Of course you'd want to know how your kid is cooking.
Room with a toilet, got it.
Can I use the facilities first? Being pregnant makes you pee like Seabiscuit.
Well, you're lucky it's not you.
Yeah, but I hardly noticed it. I'm more worried about the part where I have to start wearing jeans with an elastic panel in the front.
Yeah, apparently. I'm having it on May 4.
A Maker's Mark, please. Up.
Wicked pic in the Penny Saver, by the way. Super classy. Not like those other people with the fake woods in the background. Like I'm really going to fall for that, you know?
Sure.
Vanessa, right?
Congrats.
No thank you. I'm off sex.
Juno MacGuff.
Hi. I'm here for the big show?
Thundercats are go!
Either I just pissed my pants or...
I sort of already have.
Dad, it's not about that. I just need to know that it's possible for two people to stay happy together forever. Or at least for a few years.
Please stop now.
Dad, no!
Yeah, like people in love.
I guess I wonder sometimes if people ever stay together for good.
I'm losing my faith in humanity.
Yeah, she does.
Tot ice skating? Tots can't ice skate. Liberty Bell's still getting the hang of stairs.
Dealing with stuff way beyond my maturity level. Where is everyone?
Hi Dad.
Well, no... I'm not going to sell the baby. I just want it to grow up with people who are ready to love it and be parents. I'm in high school, dude. I'm ill-equipped.
I also have good teeth. No cavities. We finally got fluoridated water in Dancing Elk.
I have no idea what kind of girl I am.
Once! And she didn't die, if you recall!
Yeah, well, there's this couple who've been trying to have a baby for five years.
No, it's not. Paulie is virile, by the way. He was very good in... chair.
What?
The baby? I don't know anything about it yet. I only know it's got fingernails, allegedly.
I'm so sorry, you guys. If it's any consolation, I have heartburn that's like, radiating down to my kneecaps and I haven't gone number two since Wednesday. Morning!
They say they're going to pay my medical expenses and everything. I promise this will all be resolved in thirty-odd weeks, and we can pretend it never happened.
No, no, I'm definitely not asking for anything. Except maybe mercy. Like, it would be really great if nobody hit me.
Which maneuver, sir? The one in which I moved an entire living room set from one lawn to another, or the one in which I cleared a sixty-four ounce blue slushie in ten minutes?
My dad used to be in the Army, but now he's just your average HVAC specialist. He and my mom got divorced when I was five. She lives on a Havasu reservation in Arizona...
I don't know. It's not... seasoned yet. Wait. Huh. Yeah, there's that pink plus sign again. God, it's unholy.
Jesus, I didn't say it was.
Silencio! I just drank my weight in Sunny D. and I have to go, pronto.
I think the last one was defective. The plus sign looked more like a division sign.
Prom is for wenises, anyway. Once you're old enough to go, it's not cool anymore.
I'm not jealous, and I don't care. I just know he doesn't like Katrina and I don't think he should toy with her emotions like that. She seems so nice and all.
Yeah, well, Bleek trusted me. We're best friends.
There's no way in hell they're having sex or even holding hands.
Bleeker told me Katrina's whole house reeks of soup!
Katrina? Pfft, no way. He doesn't like Katrina. It must be a pity date.
Eww, he's all beardy!
Please do not refer to Mr. Conyers as "Keith," okay? My barf reflex is already heightened these days.
Wow, someone's been actually doing her geometry homework for once!
God, why is everyone always staring at me?
Trust me, you don't. I actually have to wear a bra now. And I have to rub this nasty cocoa butter stuff all over myself or my skin could get stretched too far and explode.
Almost eight. You wouldn't believe how weird I look naked.
I want a huge cookie. And like, a lamb kebob. Simultaneously.
Right, seriously.
You sound shocked or something.
That's her. That's Vanessa Loring.
Hly shht!
Share the love, Tits!
How do you know I'm so poisonous? Like, what if the adoptive parents turn out to be evil molesters?
No way. No, I definitely don't want to know.
It is really weird looking. It's like it's not even real. I can't believe there are saps who actually cry at these things.
Hey, I'm a sacred vessel. All you've got in your belly is Taco Bell!
I'm pregnant.
Yeesh, they sound like a cult. Besides, they're greedy bitches. They already have three kids!
I was thinking a graphic designer, mid-thirties, and his cool Asian wife who dresses awesome and plays bass. But I'm trying to not be too particular.
No, I heard you. I just can't give the baby to people who describe themselves as "wholesome." I'm looking for something a little edgier.
There's a guy in here who's giving away a piano. Free for the hauling! We should put it in Bleeker's yard.
The Penny Saver sucks.
Come on, Leah. I can't scope out wannabe parents in the Penny Saver! That's tacky. That's like buying clothes at the Pump n' Munch.
There are ads? For parents?
Bleeker and I were going to go to Gettysburg for spring break.
I know. Maybe they'll canonize me for being so selfless.
What does that even mean? Anyway, I got to thinking on the way over. I was thinking maybe I could give the baby to somebody who actually likes that kind of thing. You know, like a woman with a bum ovary or something. Or some nice lesbos.
I'm staying pregnant, Le.
I couldn't do it, Leah! It smelled like a dentist in there. They had these really horrible magazines, with, like, spritz cookie recipes and bad fiction and water stains, like someone read them in the tub. And the receptionist tried to give me these weird condoms that looked like grape suckers, and she told me about her boyfriend's pie balls, and Su-Chin Kuah was there, and she told me the baby had fingernails. Fingernails!
It was magnificent, man!
It's extremely complicated, and I'd rather not talk about it in my fragile state.
Like, a year ago, in Spanish class.
Nah, it was a premeditated act. The sex, I mean, not getting pregnant.
That is sick, man.
Eh, I'll call them myself. But I do need your help with something very urgent.
I know. Women Now, I guess. The commercial says they help women now.
That's the kind of emotion I was looking for in the first take.
Unfortunately, yes.
I drank like ten tons of Sunny Delight. Anyway, yeah. I'm pregnant. And you're shockingly cavalier.
It's not a food baby. I took three pregnancy tests today. I am definitely up the spout.
Dude, I'm pregnant.
No it's Morgan Freeman. Got any bones that need collecting?
I am a suicide risk.
