Okay Juno, I'm really convinced.
Are you jealous? I thought you said you didn't care what he did.
I wouldn't be so sure about that. He did it with you. He's a man now.
Oh, it totally does. I was there for her birthday about four years ago and it was like Lipton Landing. But you know, boys have endured worse things for nookie.
He asked her. I heard they were going to Benihana, then the prom, then to Vijay's parents' cabin.
Did you hear Bleek is going to prom with Katrina De Voort?
Keith's hot.
I don't have a choice. Keith's been grading me really hard lately.
Well, you are kind of... convex.
Hot!
I wish my funbags would get bigger.
God, you're getting huge. How many months has it been now?
God, Spermy. Must you always feed?
She's gonna steal that kid for her collection.
I just thought she'd look really old in real life.
No way! She's pretty.
Of the Penny Saver Lorings?
What?
Yum. This pretzel tastes like a friggin' donut!
Or stage parents!
Aw, please Junebug?
Touche.
Check out Baby Big-Head. That kid is scary!
Best to just tell them, man. Rip off the Band-Aid and let it bleed.
Hey, Juno. Juno! Look at this one.
All right, how about this one? "Healthy, educated couple seeking infant to join our family of five. You will be compensated. Help us complete the circle of love."
What did you have in mind, a family of disturbed loners who are into gunplay and incest?
You're not listening to me.
Look at this one "Wholesome, spiritually wealthy couple have found true love with each other."  "All that's missing is your bastard."
Yeah, but it sucks for free.
Oh yeah! "Desperately Seeking Spawn." They're right by the ads for like, iguanas and terriers and used fitness equipment. It's totally legit.
Well, maybe you could look at one of those adoption ads. I see them all the time in the Penny Saver.
Maybe they'll totally shit and be super mad at you and not let you graduate or go to Cabo San Lucas for spring break.
But then you'll get huge. Your chest is going to milktate. And you have to tell everyone you're pregnant.
Keep your voice down dude, my mom's around here somewhere. She doesn't know we're sexually active.
Oh, gruesome. I wonder if the baby's claws could scratch your vag on the way out?
What are you doing here, dumbass? I thought I was supposed to pick you up at four.
So, what was it like humping Bleeker's bony bod?
Aha! You love him.
When did you decide you were going to do Bleeker?
So, you were bored? Is that how this blessed miracle came to be?
Heavy lifting can only help you at this point.
Want me to call for you? I called for Becky last year.
Well, are you going to go to Havenbrooke or Women Now for the abortion? You need a note from your parents for Havenbrooke.
Oh my God! Oh shit! Phuket Thailand!
Is this for real? Like for real, for real?
How did you even generate enough pee for three pregnancy tests?
Maybe it's just a food baby. Did you have a big lunch?
Only the one in my pants.
Is this Juno?
Yo-yo-yiggity-yo.
