Uh, sure, Sol. Anything you say. Instead of saying, "One corned beef sandwich," and then, "Another corned beef sandwich," I'll say, "Two corned beef sandwiches."
What's the difference?
What's that, Sol?
For me?  I'll have the same thing.
Huh?
Uh...  My friend over here would like a corned beef on rye and a ginger ale.
Shit. If you can't share your secrets with your friends, what kind of friend are you?
What do you mean?
And now you've got your Christmas story, don't you?
Anything for art, eh, Paul?
I lied to her, and then I stole from her. I don't see how you can call that a good deed.
I guess so. I never thought of it that way.
Yeah, probably.
Once, about three or four months later. I felt so bad about stealing the camera, I hadn't even used it yet. I finally made up my mind to return it, but Granny Ethel wasn't there anymore. Someone else had moved into the apartment, and he couldn't tell me where she was.
Okay.  So this is the story of how it happened.  Okay.  It was the summer of 'seventy-six, back when I first started working for Vinnie. The summer of the bicentennial.  A kid came in one morning and started stealing things from the store. He's standing by the rack of paperbacks near the front window stuffing skin magazines under his shirt. It was crowded around the counter just then, so I didn't see him at first....
Okay.  You remember how you once asked me how I started taking pictures? Well, this is the story of how I got my first camera. As a matter of fact, it's the only camera I've ever had. Are you following me so far?
Ready. Any time you are.
You got it.
Take over the register while I'm gone, okay, Jimmy?
Good? Of course. Are you kidding?  I'll tell you what. Buy me lunch, my friend, and I'll tell you the best Christmas story you ever heard. How's that? And I guarantee every word of it is true.
Christmas stories? Sure, I know a ton of 'em.
That's a feather in your cap, man. The paper of record.
Ah-hah.
You usually get two.
Two, right?
Hey, man, how's it going?
We'd better be. I haven't spent a night out of Brooklyn in fourteen years, and I'm not about to break my record now. Besides, I've got to be on my corner at eight sharp tomorrow morning.
It's Tommy's. The sucker owed me a favor.
Nothing much. He said his socks and underpants were dirty, and would we mind driving up with his things.  Fucking kids, huh? They take you for granted every time.
That could be a good sign, though. It could mean that he got away.
Not a peep.
Fuckus my assus. They did some number on you.
Cops? You mean they nabbed those cruds?
Fuck you, kid.
You're right. I just wasn't sure you knew.
He's crazy.
If he's got something to tell me, why don't he tell it to me himself?
Yeah, well, I'm sorry too.  It took me three years to save up those five thousand bucks, and now I'm broke. I can't hardly pay for this beer. Not to speak of having my credibility destroyed. Do you understand what I'm saying? My credibility. So yeah, I'm sorry, too. About as sorry as I've ever been in my whole fucking life.
Hey, kid. You interested in a job? I just got word from your employment agency that you're looking for a position in retail sales.
Help? Hmm. It's possible. What did you have in mind?
How old, kid?
So, what brings you to a dive like this?
Hey, man, good to see you.
Yeah. There she is. She's in quite a few from that year. She must have been on her way to work.
Yeah, that's what I'd recommend. You know how it is. Tomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow, time creeps on its petty pace.
They're all the same, but each one is different from every other one. You've got your bright mornings and your dark mornings. You've got your summer light and your autumn light. You've got your weekdays and your weekends. You've got your people in overcoats and galoshes, and you've got your people in shorts and T-shirts. Sometimes the same people, sometimes different ones. And sometimes the different ones become the same, and the same ones disappear. The earth revolves around the sun, and every day the light from the sun hits the earth at a different angle.
I mean, you're going too fast. You're hardly even looking at the pictures.
You'll never get it if you don't slow down, my friend.
I don't know, it just came to me. It's my corner, after all. It's just one little part of the world, but things happen there, too, just like everywhere else. It's a record of my little spot.
It's my project. What you'd call my life's work.
That's right. More than four thousand pictures of the same place. The corner of 3rd Street and Seventh Avenue at eight o'clock in the morning. Four thousand straight days in all kinds of weather.  That's why I can never take a vacation. I've got to be in my spot every morning. Every morning in the same spot at the same time.
It can be arranged. Seeing as how I've read your books. I don't see why I shouldn't share my pictures with you.  It would be an honor.
Well, let's not exaggerate. I take pictures. You line up what you want in the viewfinder and click the shutter. No need to mess around with all that artisto crap.
Taking pictures?  It's a long story. I'd need two or three drinks to get through that one.
That's what people see, but that ain't necessarily what I am.
I guess you could call it a hobby. It doesn't take me more than about five minutes a day to do it, but I do it every day. Rain or shine, sleet or snow. Sort of like the postman.  Sometimes it feels like my hobby is my real job, and my job is just a way to support my hobby.
It's mine all right. I've owned that little sucker for a long time.
Yeah, I did.
No problem. It's not as though I'm rushing off to the opera or anything.
You run out of Schimmelpennincks?
Seven eighty-five out of twenty.  Take care of yourself now, and don't do anything I wouldn't do.
The Queen of England?
The boys and I were just having a philosophical discussion about women and cigars. Some interesting connections there, don't you think?
Hey, man. Good to see you. What'll it be today?
There's just one thing I want to know.
Fuck this angel shit. Just take the dough, Ruby. But no bawling, okay? I can't stand people who blubber.
For keeps.
It's all yours, baby.
Five thousand bucks.
Why don't you open it and find out?
No, bully for you.
Remember that business venture I was telling you about? Well, my tugboat came in. I'm flush.
No you're not.
Not if you got her into one of those rehab programs.
She's just a kid. There's time for more babies later. After she grows up.
Still, you can't just write her off.
So you're just going to give up and go home?
Jesus Christ. This is all I need.
Cut it out. Just cut it out, okay? It's starting to get on my nerves.
And what's that supposed to mean?
Look, I'm not saying you don't have a daughter. It's just that she's not my daughter.
Yeah, like what?
I think you'd better stop the car and let me out.
You what?
Where to?
You don't give up, do you?
I know you think I'm lying to you, but I'm not. Every word I told you is the God's honest truth.
Nice try, old girl. I'd like to help you out. You know, for old time's sake. But all my spare cash is tied up in a business venture, and I haven't collected my profits yet. Too bad. You caught me at the wrong time.
Fifteen years ago?  It won't wash, pumpkin. No mother waits fifteen years to tell a man he's a father. I wasn't born yesterday, you know.
Good old Frank. And how is fat Mr. Grease Monkey these days?
You're conning me, sweetheart. I ain't responsible for no baby.
A couple of moments, I'll grant you that. A second or two snatched from the jaws of eternity.
You weren't so lukewarm yourself. At least at first.
Yeah, well, I lost my pen. By the time I got a new one, I was clean out of paper.
That's what you told me when I shoplifted that necklace for you. You remember, baby, don't you? The judge gave me a choice: either go to the can or enlist. So, instead of going to college, I wind up in the navy for four years, I watch men lose their arms and legs, I nearly get my head blown off, and you, sweet Ruby McNutt, you run off and marry that asshole, Bill.
You've suckered me before, darling, remember? Why should I believe you now?
I know what it means. That still don't make it a good name.
Stop it, already. Just stop all this crap right now.  Was that your idea to call her Felicity?
Our daughter? Is that what you said? Our daughter? I mean, you might have a daughter, but I sure as hell don't. And even if I did -- which I don't -- she wouldn't be our daughter.
Help, huh? And I don't suppose this help has anything to do with money, does it?
Like what?
All right, sugar, what's on your mind?
You heard her, pipsqueak. The lady and I have private business to discuss. Go outside and stand in front of the door. If anyone tries to come in, tell 'em we're closed. You got that?
Talk away, lady of my dreams. I'm all ears.
At least I've stayed true to myself. Which is more than I can say about some people.
And you think it looks better to go around dressed up like Captain Hook?
No I'm not. I look like shit. And so do you, Ruby. You look just awful.  What's with the patch, anyway? What'd you do with that old blue marble -- hock it for a bottle of gin?
Is that all? I thought it was about three hundred.
Christ, Ruby, it's been so long. I figured you were dead.
Okay, my man. Love to the wife and kids, et cetera, et cetera. Drop me a postcard if you can remember the address.
They come in, they go out. I've got it planned to the last detail.
It's the law that's buying. That's what's so beautiful about it. I mean, when was the last time you heard of a judge sending himself to jail?
It's all set. My guy in Miami said he'd have them within the next few weeks.  Are you sure you don't want to go in with me? Five thousand dollars outlay, a guaranteed ten-thousand-dollar return. A consortium of Court Street lawyers and judges. They're just drooling to get their lips around some genuine Cuban cigars.
Tobacco today, sex tomorrow. In three or four years, it'll probably be against the law to smile at strangers.
Enjoy it while you can, Vin. Pretty soon, they're going to legislate us out of business anyway.
I try not to, anyway. It's better for your health. I mean, look at you, Vincent. You're the guy with the wife and three kids and the ranch house on Long Island. You're the guy with the white shoes and the white Caddy and the white shag carpet. But you've had two heart attacks, and I'm still waiting for my first.
She made a play for me after I got back, but her glass eye kept interfering with my concentration. Every time we got into a clinch, I'd start thinking about that hole in her head, that empty socket with the glass eye in it. An eye that couldn't see, an eye that couldn't shed any tears. The minute I started thinking about it, Mr. Johnson would get all soft and small. And I can't see getting married if Mr. Johnson isn't going to be in tiptop shape.
She upped and married some other cat after I joined the navy. By the time I got my discharge, though, she was divorced. Her husband poked out her eye in a domestic quarrel.
Ruby McNutt. My one true love.
I almost got married once.
I don't know.  Maybe because I love you so much, boss.
I don't know. Thirteen, fourteen years. Something like that.
No problem, Vinnie. Everything's under control.  I could run this store in my sleep.
Come on, come on, you yellow belly. The whole thing. First name and last name.
You're a dumb, whacked-out little fuck, do you know that?
Your job? You've got five thousand bucks. What do you want a piece-of-shit job like that for?
And why the hell would you give me money?
Shit. I don't want your money, you little twerp.  It's probably stolen anyway.
What is this, some kind of joke?
For me? And what am I supposed to do with a paper bag?
This way, gentlemen. Let's retire to my office, shall we?
I'll be back in about an hour. Watch the register while I'm gone, okay?
Come around to the cigar store tomorrow morning at ten o'clock and we'll talk about it, okay? We'll see what we can work out.
Good. Keep it up, and maybe one day you'll grow up and become a great man like me.
Seventeen? I remember when I was seventeen. Christ, I was one little whacked-out son-of-a-bitch when I was seventeen. Is that what you are, son? One little whacked-out crazy fella?
Of course it hurts. What does it look like?
Jesus, man, you're one fucking mess.
... If it happens, it happens. If it doesn't, it doesn't. Do you understand what I'm saying? You never know what's going to happen next, and the moment you think you know, that's the moment you don't know a goddamn thing. That's what we call a paradox. Are you following me?
When I tell you it's open. It's open when I tell you it's open!
That's how it is with sidewalks. People come, people go, and they all drop shit on the ground. As soon as you clean up one spot and move on to the next, the first spot is dirty again.
It'll never be finished.
How'd you do out there, Jimmy?
Damned if I know. But it has a nice ring to it, don't it?
Any time. And congratulations to you and your wife. Just remember, though, in the immortal words of Rudyard Kipling: "A woman is just a woman, but a cigar is a smoke.
It'll keep them fresh. If they get too dry, they'll break. And you don't want that to happen, do you?  Tobacco is a plant, and it needs the same loving care you'd give an orchid.
A good choice. You wouldn't want to celebrate the birth of your firstborn with a box of stinkers, would you? Remember to keep them in the refrigerator until you hand them out.
Forty-four. They're on special this week from the Canary Islands. A real bargain.
Fifty-six.  That girl had on a corset.
Seventy-eight dollars. The girl who rolled these was probably wearing panties.
They don't come cheap, son. These little honeys are works of art. Rolled by hand in a tropical climate, most likely by an eighteen year old girl in a thin cotton dress with no underwear on. Little beads of sweat forming in her naked cleavage. The smooth, delicate fingers nimbly turning out one masterpiece after another...
