Henry told Cyrus he'd kill him if he ever showed his face around our house again. When Henry makes a threat like that, people tend to take him seriously.
No, I don't suppose it has. He was broken up like nobody's business in that hospital when he found out Louisa was dead.
Jesus had nothing to do with it. If He'd been involved. He would have seen to it that things worked out the opposite from what they did.
Don't put words in my mouth. What I'm saying is she drove off in Cyrus's car and went to the Five-Spot Lounge with him for a drink. What I'm saying is that he imbibed too much in the way of alcohol and that when they finished their little talk three hours later and got back in the car, he was in no shape to drive. But he drove the car anyway, and before he could get her back to where she lived, the damn fool ran a red light and went straight into a truck. Louisa got thrown through the windshield and was killed. Cyrus lived, but he came out of it a cripple. His left arm was so mangled, the doctors had to cut it off. Small punishment for what he did, if you ask me.
His father walked out on his mother a couple of months after he was born. Louisa was Henry's younger sister, and she and the baby moved in with us. Four or five years go by, and then one day Cyrus shows up out of the blue, tail between his legs, wanting to patch things up with Louisa. I thought Henry was going to tear Cyrus apart when he saw him walk through the door. They're both big men, those two, and if they ever started to tangle, you'd see some teeth jumping on the floor. I guarantee it ... So Cyrus persuaded Louisa to go out with him to talk things over in quiet. And the poor girl never came back.
And nothing. Thomas looked at me straight in the eye and said, "I don't have a father. As far as I'm concerned, that son-of-a-bitch is dead."
I figured he had a right to know.
Well, one thing I suppose, but I don't think it has anything to do with this.  A friend of mine called about two weeks ago and said she'd spotted Thomas's father working at some gas station outside of Peekskill.
No thank you.
He's in trouble, all right. But I don't have any idea what it is.
Which brings me back to my original question. What was he doing here in the first place?
His mother's dead, and he hasn't seen his father in twelve years.
He goes to John Jay High School in Brooklyn.
I always knew that boy had an imagination, but now he's gone and made up a whole new life for himself.  Do you mind if I sit down?  He's been living with me and his uncle Henry since he was a baby. And we don't live in Manhattan. We live in Boerum Hill. In the projects.
His parents? Is that what he told you? His parents?
I just want to know where he is.
And what was he doing here in the first place? That's what I want to know. What's a man like you messing around with a black boy like Thomas for? Are you some kind of pervert, or what?
Rashid? Rashid! Is that what he told you his name was?
Thomas Cole. Thomas Jefferson Cole. My nephew.
Don't give me any of that. I know he's been here. You can't fool me, mister.
I'm looking for my nephew,  Thomas.
What do you mean, how'd I get in? I pushed the door and walked in. What do you think?
I just want to know what your game is, mister, that's all.
Is your name Paul Benjamin?
