You shut your mouth! You shut your mouth now!
I don't like this. I don't like it one bit.
Are you making fun of me? I won't be mocked. Do you hear me? I won't let no punk kid stand there and mock me!
Paul. Rashid. Thomas. Which one is it?
Yeah, but he's my son. Nothing strange about that. He's my own flesh and blood. But here you got the same name as this man here, and you're not even the same color.
That's funny. His name is the same as yours.
Say hi to Paul.
And this one, in case you haven't guessed, is Junior.
That boy's one in a million. A real tiger.
I don't know. I try. Every day I keep on trying, but it's no easy task for a man to change his nature.  I'm off the booze, though. Haven't had a drop in six years. And now I've got me a wife. Doreen. Best damned woman I've ever known.  And a little boy, too. Cyrus Junior.  So things have definitely improved since I got fitted with this hook. If I can just turn this goddamn garage around, I'll be in pretty good shape.
An ugly piece of hardware, isn't it?  I'll tell you what happened to my arm.  I'll tell you what happened.  Twelve years ago, God looked down on me and said, "Cyrus, you're a bad, stupid, selfish man. First of all, I'm going to fill your body with spirits, and then I'm going to put you behind the wheel of a car, and then I'm going to make you crash that car and kill the woman who loves you. But you, Cyrus, I'm going to let you live, because living is a lot worse than death. And just so you don't forget what you did to that poor girl, I'm going to rip off your arm and replace it with a hook. If I wanted to, I could rip off both your arms and both your legs, but I'm going to be merciful and just take off your left arm. Every time you look at your hook, I want you to remember what a bad, stupid, selfish man you are. Let that be a lesson to you, Cyrus, a warning to mend your ways."
The name is Cyrus Cole.
I'm afraid we'll be working on a strictly freelance basis.
Benefits?
Five bucks an hour. That's the going rate, isn't it?  It's a quarter past two now. My wife's picking me up at five-thirty, so that'll give you about three hours. If you can't finish today, you can do the rest tomorrow.
I'll tell you what. You want to work. I'll give you a job. Nothing permanent, mind you, but that upstairs room over there  -- the one above the office -- is a hell of a mess. It looks like they've been throwing junk in there for twenty years, and it's time it got cleaned up.
Yeah, well, do your thinking somewhere else, Michelangelo. I got work to do.
Not a one. Not one customer all day. I bought this broken-down shit-hole of a place three weeks ago, and if business don't pick up soon, I'm going straight down the skids. What do I want to be hiring someone for? I can't even pay my own wages.
Do you have eyes in your head, or are those brown things bulging out of your sockets just marbles? You've been sitting here all day, and how many cars have you seen drive up and ask for gas?
Son-of-a-bitch. You're some piece of work, aren't you?
Five bucks! You mean you're going to charge me five bucks just to look at it?
It's rundown, all right. But drawing a picture won't improve the way it looks.  Let's see what you did, Rembrandt.
Just passing through. A lonesome traveler with a knapsack on his back plops himself across from my garage to admire the view. There's other places to roam, kid, that's all I'm saying. You don't want to make a nuisance of yourself.
I don't know what you look like, boy. As far as I can tell, you sprouted up like a mushroom in this spot last night.  You live in this town -- or on your way from here to there?
Let me give you some useful information, son. There's two dollars and fifty-seven cents in that cash register over there  and considering all the time you've put in casing the joint so far, you won't make but about fifty cents an hour for all your pains. However you slice it, that's a losing proposition.
Why don't you pick some other spot? It gives a man the creeps to be stared at all morning.
You going to sit here all day?
