Forty-one pages.
Uh ... actually, it might be better if you read the story first. Call me when you're finished, okay?
Good. I hope you like it. It was a long time in coming.
I finished my story. I thought you might want to take a look at it.
Yeah, well, I've sort of been out of commission.  How's Melville?
I'll tell you all about it...  ... but not here.
It looks worse than it is. I'm okay.
Not an easy book.
Melville, huh?  It's been a while.
Wow. You don't fool around, do you?
What else. Of course, what else? And what are you writing about for your thesis?
Your dissertation? What subject do you study?
And the bookstore? Have you been working there long?
Just like me.
And your father? Is he from New York?
So your mother grew up in Shanghai?
I confess.
Better make it charge.
Exactly. Life just wouldn't be worth living, would it?
I mean, it's a good story.
Yes, I suppose I do.
I wouldn't say that. But at least you've put the camera to good use.
You made her happy. And the camera was stolen anyway. It's not as if the person you took it from really owned it.
It was a good deed, Auggie. It was a nice thing you did for her.
Which means that she spent her last Christmas with you.
She probably died.
Did you ever go back to see her?
Every word.
I'm all ears.
So. Are we ready?
I have to pee.  If the waiter comes, order me a corned beef on rye and a ginger ale, okay?
It doesn't have to be true. It just has to be good.
Anything good?
Yeah, great. The problem is, I have four days to come up with something, and I don't have a single idea.  You know anything about Christmas stories?
Fine.  Or it was until a couple of days ago. A guy from The New York Times called and asked me to write a Christmas story. They want to publish it on Christmas Day.
Yeah, I know, but I'm trying to cut down.  Somebody's worried about my health.
Uh, better make it one.
Hi, Auggie.
It's not a long drive. An hour, an hour and a half. We'll be back in time for dinner.
Nice machine, Auggie. Where'd you find it?
So what did he say when he called?
Or didn't.  There's no way of knowing, is there?
I spoke to his aunt a couple of days ago, but she hasn't heard from him either. It's beginning to get a little scary.
You haven't heard from Rashid, have you?
For once in my life I managed to keep my mouth shut. There's something to be said for that, I suppose.
No. The ... uh ... the Bobbsey Twins lit out when they heard the sirens. But at least they stopped playing that marimba duet on my skull.  Assaultus interruptus.
It could have been worse. If the cops hadn't come, I might not be standing here now.
It's written all over you like a neon sign. Now say something nice to Rashid to make him feel better.
No, he's not. You are.
Don't be an ass, Auggie. He's trying to make it up to you, can't you see that?
He's got something to tell you, Auggie.
The kid's sorry, Auggie.
I'm thinking about the kid. I'm sure he'd do a good job for you.
Hey, Auggie, I've just been thinking. You wouldn't need some help around the store, would you? Some summer help while Vinnie's gone?
It's his birthday so we decided to whoop it up a little.
This is April Lee, Auggie. April, say hello to Auggie Wren.
It's Ellen. Look at her. Look at my sweet darling.
Slow down, huh?
But they're all the same.
What do you mean?
It's kind of overwhelming.
Amazing.  I'm not sure I get it, though. I mean, how did you ever come up with the idea to do this ... this project?
I've never seen anything like it.
They're all the same.
I'd like to see your pictures some day.
A photographer ...
How'd you get started?
So you're not just some guy who pushes coins across a counter.
I didn't know you took pictures.
It's yours?
Looks like someone forgot a camera.
Do you think I could buy some before you leave?
Are you closed?
I wouldn't think of it.  See you around, fellas.
Not Elizabeth the Second, Elizabeth the First.  Did you ever hear of Sir Walter Raleigh?
Definitely.  I suppose it all goes back to Queen Elizabeth.
Two tins of Schimmelpennincks. And throw in a lighter while you're at it.
Hey, Auggie. How's it going?
And he's never tried to get in touch with his son?
It can't have been easy on him. Walking around with that on his conscience all these years.
Jesus.
You mean she just ran off with him and left her little boy behind?
Those are pretty hostile words.
And?
And you told your nephew about it?
Has anything happened lately? Anything unusual or unexpected?
Do you want something to drink? A beer? A glass of water?
I was about to get run over by a car, and your nephew pulled me back. He saved my life.  I sensed he was in trouble, so I offered to put him up for a few days. Maybe I should have pressed him a little more, I don't know. I feel pretty stupid about it now.
I shouldn't have let him go.
And his parents?
He doesn't go to the Trinity School?
That's what he said. He told me he lived with his mother and father on East Seventy-fourth Street.
As far as I know, he went back to his parents.
Look, lady, that's enough. If you don't calm down. I'm going to throw you out. Do you hear me? Right now!
Well, whatever his name is, he's not here anymore. He left two days ago, and I haven't heard from him since.
You mean Rashid?
I'm telling you. I don't know anyone named Thomas.
Thomas? Who's Thomas?
The damn lock's broken again.  And so you just barge in on strangers, is that what you do? Is that your game?
How the hell did you get into the building?
What can I do for you?
Now ask him who his mother was.
If it doesn't make any difference, why not just say it?
We came here to deliver some clean laundry.
Research. I worked the scene right into my story.  That makes the medical bills one hundred percent tax deductible.
Hi, kid.
Good. I'm glad that's settled!
Don't worry about it. You've got friends now, remember? Just behave yourself, and everything will work out.
You'll do it, all right. You fuck up, you've got to undo the damage. That's how it works, buster. If you don't do it, I'm going to throw you out of here. Do you understand me? If you don't pay Auggie what you owe him. I'm finished with you.
I'm serious, all right. You've got to square it with Auggie. Since you won't give the money back to the Creeper, you can use it to make things right with Auggie. That's probably better anyway. Better to keep your friends than to worry about your enemies.
Here's what you're going to do. You're going to open up your backpack, take out your bag of money, count out five thousand dollars, and hand it over to Auggie.
No wonder he was angry.
Cuban cigars. You mean he had some hanky-panky going with those guys?
If you don't tell me what happened, how do you expect me to know that? I need facts, not opinions.
Well?
So you lost the job. Is that what you're telling me? He just up and fired you?
Keep up with that attitude, and you won't have a future.  Seventeen is a hell of an age to die. Is that what you want?
A lot of good it will do you if the Creeper finds you.
Yeah, well, you have to be nuts to do what you did. If you want my opinion, you should give this money back to the Creeper. Just give it back and tell him you're sorry.
So you robbed the robbers, and now the robbers are after you.
You have one hell of a knack for getting into trouble, don't you?  So how much does it come to?
Good thinking.
And started to run.
Christ. You didn't just see what happened. They dropped the package on the ground and you picked it up.
So you're saying it wasn't like that at all.
Here, catch.
Is it yours?
You don't believe me, huh?  Look, I'll show you. It's all in this book.
His only copy.  I mean, if you think you're going to die, what's more important, a good book or a good smoke? And so he huffed and he puffed, and little by little he smoked his book.
It's 1942, right? And he's caught in Leningrad during the siege. I'm talking about one of the worst moments in human history. Five hundred thousand people died in that one place, and there's Bakhtin, holed up in an apartment, expecting to be killed any day. He has plenty of tobacco, but no paper to roll it in. So he takes the pages of a manuscript he's been working on for ten years and tears them up to roll his cigarettes.
Absolutely. We would be honored.
Uh, actually, I tend to shy away from that kind of thing.
Pick two or three. Now that the coffers are open, you might as well take advantage of me.
I mean earlier. We could have planned something.
Hey, hey. Happy birthday. Why didn't you tell me?
Celebrate? What for?
No, not the end. The beginning.  His son was just a little boy at the time, but the years passed, and when he grew up, he became a skier, too. One day last winter, he went out by himself for a run down the mountain. He gets halfway to the bottom and then stops to eat his lunch next to a big rock. Just as he's unwrapping his cheese sandwich, he looks down and sees a body frozen in the ice -- right there at his feet. He bends down to take a closer look, and suddenly he feels that he's looking into a mirror, that he's looking at himself. There he is -- dead -- and the body is perfectly intact, sealed away in a block of ice -- like someone preserved in suspended animation. He gets down on all fours, looks right into the dead man's face, and realizes that he's looking at his father.
All right. Listen carefully.  About twenty-five years ago, a young man went skiing alone in the Alps. There was an avalanche, the snow swallowed him up, and his body was never recovered.
Yeah, right. The inspiration. It's a true story anyway, so I don't suppose it can hurt, can it?
Okay, just a little hint. I can't tell you the story, but I'll tell you what gave me the idea for it.
If I tell you, I might not be able to finish it.
If you don't sleep, you don't dream. If you don't dream, you don't have nightmares.
Once a story gets hold of you, it's hard to let go.  Besides, I'm making up for lost time.
I don't know. Two or three. It was pretty late.
Thanks.
Ah, coffee. Smells good.
Fair enough. We wouldn't want to get carried away, would we?  Now call your aunt Em and let her know you're alive.
Maybe. Or maybe it's the other people who don't belong.
It looks like they've met in this apartment.
What makes you think you'll be any safer around here? It's only about a mile away from where you live.
If they put this Creeper in jail, then you'd be safe.
Why don't you go to the police?
So that's the something you weren't supposed to see, huh?
And?
I don't, huh? And what makes you such an authority on what I want or don't want?
Close the door.  Sit down in that chair.  Now listen carefully. Your Aunt Em came here a couple of days ago. She was sick with worry, out of her mind. We had an interesting talk about you, Thomas. Do you understand what I'm saying? Your aunt thinks you're in trouble and so do I. Tell me about it, kid. I want to hear all about it right now.
Cut it out, will you? Just cut it out and come back here.
Where the hell do you think you're going?
Where did you get that thing?
Appreciation for what?
Hey, it's you.
Take good care of yourself, okay?
Do you need some money? Some extra clothes?
Are you going to be all right?
No hard feelings, okay? It's a small place, and I can't get my work done with you around.
It sounds like our time is up, doesn't it?
And how long did I tell you you could stay?
How long have you been here?
It just won't do, will it? I go two and a half years without being able to write a word, and then, when I finally get started on something, when it looks as though I might actually be coming to life again, you show up and start breaking everything in my house. It just won't do, will it?
If you want to steal it, that's your business. At least I won't have you around here making noise.  It might be worth it.
The world is going to end pretty soon if you don't learn fast.  Look, why not make yourself useful? I'm just about out of smokes.  Go around the corner to the Brooklyn Cigar Company and buy me two tins of Schimmelpenninck Medias.
A little less clumsiness around here would be nice, don't you think?
Jesus, do you make a lot of noise. Can't you see I'm trying to work?
You'll find juice and eggs and milk in the refrigerator. Cereal in the cupboard. Coffee on the stove. Take whatever you want. But it's time for me to get started in here.
Eight-thirty.
Time to wake up.  Hey, kid, time to wake up.  Rashid!  Up and out. I have to work in here. The slumber party is over.
Is that what you do? Draw pictures?
Twelve, thirteen years ago.  Actually, he died with his sketch pad open on his lap. Up in the Berkshires one weekend, drawing a picture of Mount Greylock.
No, he was a schoolteacher. But he liked to dabble.
It's strange, though, isn't it? Looking at yourself before you knew who you were.
My father did. Believe it or not, that little baby is me.
I listen on the radio. I can see the games just fine that way.  The world is in your head, remember?
I used to have one, but it broke a couple of years ago and I never got around to replacing it.  I'd just as soon not have one anyway. I hate those damn things.
That's it. Just the two rooms.
I didn't expect to see you again.
Suit yourself. But if you change your mind, here's the address.
In case you're wondering, I like women, not little boys. And I'm not offering you a long-term lease -- just a place to crash for a couple of nights.
I'm not "people." I'm just me. And I do whatever I goddamn want to do. Got it?
But your body is in the world, isn't it?  If someone offered you a place to stay, you wouldn't necessarily refuse, would you?
Except that there's no bed, is there? And no breakfast either.
Uh-huh. One of those cozy bed and breakfast places, probably.
You can't be more specific than that?
The what?
Then what are you doing in Park Slope? It's a little far from home, isn't it?
In Manhattan?
And where do Momsie and Popsie live?
That's true. But I also owe you something, and I'm not sure that buying you a hamburger is going to do the job.  What is it? Family problems? Money problems?
You don't have to tell me if you don't want to, but I might be able to help.
Cocktail hour is over. The young man would like to order a hamburger.
Look, kid, it's okay with me. You don't have to play games. If you want a hamburger or something, go ahead and order it.
Yeah, sure, and I bet you had lobster last night. Along with two bottles of champagne.
You must eat lunch pretty early. It's only eleven o'clock.
Are you sure you don't want some food to go along with it? It might help to absorb some of that liquid. You don't want to slosh around too much when you stand up.
Good. Lemonade it is.  I'm Paul.
Come on. At least let me buy you a cup of coffee.
You have to let me do something for you to put the scales in balance.
Yes it is. It's a law of the universe. If I let you walk away, the moon will spin out of orbit ... pestilence will reign over the city for a hundred years.
I owe you something.
No, wait. You can't just walk off.  You saved my life.
I can't believe I did that ... Christ. I'm walking around in a fog ...
I don't mean to pry, but I see a kid walking around with a big knapsack on his back, and I begin to wonder if all his worldly possessions aren't stowed in there. Are you in some kind of trouble or what?
I'll take the iced coffee.  You only live once, right?
Do you have real iced coffee, or do you just pour hot coffee over some ice cubes?
Yeah, give him another one. And I'll take a cup of coffee while you're at it.
