Anything, Auggie. Just name it.
I'm sorry, baby. I can't help it.
I can't believe it. Oh God, I can't believe it.  You're an angel, Auggie. An angel from heaven.
For keeps?
And you're giving it to me?
Jesus God, Auggie. There's money in here.
What's this?
Bully for you.
Are you calling me a liar? I'm telling you I'm broke. I don't even have insurance on my goddamned car.
I'd never be able to talk her into it. And even if I could, those things cost money. And that's just what I don't have. I'm flat out dead broke.
Dream on, Auggie. She'll be lucky to make it to her nineteenth birthday.
Yeah? And what else am I supposed to do? There's no baby anymore, and if she wants to throw away her life, that's her business.
I don't have much choice, do I? It's pretty clear she doesn't want me around.
You told me you wanted to meet him. Well,here he is.
When I told her I was going to bring her father, she kind of melted. It's the first time Felicity's talked nice to me since she left home. She's dying to meet you, Auggie.
She looks just like you.
Wait till you see her, Auggie.
That I wasn't bullshitting you, sweetheart. At least you'll know I've been telling the truth.
Relax, okay? You don't have to do anything. Just go in there and pretend. It won't kill you to do a little favor like that. Besides, you might even learn something.
It was the only way, Auggie. Otherwise, she wasn't going to let me see her.
I told her she was going to meet her father.
Dammit, Auggie, don't ask so many questions. Just get in the car.
Just get in and shut up. I'm not asking you to do anything. I just need you to come with me.
Get in, Auggie. I've got something to show you.
You're a cold-hearted bastard, aren't you? How'd you ever get so mean, Auggie?
I thought I could handle it. I didn't want to bug you. I thought I could handle it on my own, but I couldn't. She's in real bad, Auggie.
Who the hell knows?  He dropped out of sight fifteen years ago.
Then why do you think I married Frank? I was already pregnant, and I didn't have much time. Say what you like, but at least he gave my kid a name.
And that's how Felicity came into the picture. During one of those two seconds.
It fizzled, baby. That's the way it goes. But we had our times, didn't we? It wasn't all bad.
It was over with Bill before you ever came home. Maybe you don't remember it now, but you were pretty hot to see me back then.
You didn't write to me for more than a year. What was I supposed to think?
Why would I lie to you, Auggie? You think it was easy to come here and walk into this place? Why would I do it if I didn't have to?
I don't know who else to turn to, Auggie.
It means "happiness."
Her name is Felicity, and she just turned eighteen.  She ran away from Pittsburgh last year, and now she's living in some shit-hole here in Brooklyn with a guy named Chico. Strung out on crack, four months pregnant.  I can't bear to think about that baby. Our grandchild, Auggie. Just think of it. Our grandchild.
Don't rush me, okay? You're jumping to conclusions before I've even said anything.  And besides, it's not for me.  It's for our daughter.
Like what you're doing. I'm not going to eat you up.  I need your help, and if you keep staring at me like that. I might start screaming.
Don't look at me like that. Auggie. It gives me the creeps.
This is private, Auggie. Just between you and I.
I've got something to talk to you about, and the least you can do is listen. You owe me that much. I drove all the way from Pittsburgh to see you, and I'm not going until you've heard me out.
You always were a son-of-a-bitch, weren't you? A little weasel with a quick, dirty mouth.
I don't want to talk about it.  If you really want to know. I lost it. And I'm not sorry I did. That eye was cursed, Auggie, and it never gave me nothing but grief.
You're looking good, Auggie.
Eighteen and a half years.
What are you talking about?
Your baby. The baby you're carrying around inside you.
You can do whatever you want with your own life. We're thinking of the baby, that's all. We want you to get yourself cleaned up for the baby. Before it's too late.
Be nice, sweetie. We're just here to help you.
I don't know. Hello, Mom. Hello, Dad. Something like that.
Aren't you going to say anything?
Well?
It's me, honey. It's Mom.
