Please don't kill us, please don't kill us.
I agree.
The lions were totally covered in this guy's blood... I think they ate his face off, tore open his rib cage, pulled his legs off... it was a wild scene.
Cool.
I always hate saying the word cheese, every time you get your picture taken... smile, say cheese.
Huh... what cone?
What?
Deadwood, is that what it's called? Cool, will you show us?
Really, wow, so it's really a real thing.
Yikes.
Really, that's a long time.
Jesus, you think she was really gonna cut you?
I know, this is fucking nuts.
Tasted pretty good.
Hey, I asked you if you wanted some chicken.
Oh, don't worry she didn't get offended by what I said. You two got to lighten up... right, Bill?
No problem.
Don't forget the flashlight, it's pretty dark out there.
Tire's fucking gone crap on us, man. There's no saving it now.
Well, technically I did what ya said.
Yeah, I fixed it. Well, I ain't... um, I can't remember. I think I took it out to fit the bags and forgot to put it back.
I'll help ya.
What was that?
No... yeah, they ripped him to pieces while his family watched from the car. The wife is screaming, the kids are crying. Some dude in another car filmed the whole thing.
That reminds me of a film I saw once of a guy who got out of his car at Lion Country Safari to take a picture of a lion cub and got eaten by the lions.
Cat fight, cat fight.
It's a hitchhiker.
Come on, we need something like this. It could be the real deal. It's too far out of the way to come back to.
I'm not exactly sure... it looks close. Did we pass an abandoned school bus yet?
Keep straight on this road here.
Hell yeah.
Really fucking awesome.
Holy crap. You gotta see this place. It's awesome.
OK, Boss.
I hope this place is cool. We could use something interesting to liven up chapter 12.
Don't panic yourself, way too much caffeine guy... I see a sign.  Captain Spaulding's Museum of Madmen and Monsters... cool. Also... fried chicken and... gasoline... next exit.
Yeah, no shit I just told ya.  Hey, you think this place called Alien Ed's UFO Welcoming Center is still around? It says, "Where the Fact is separated from the Fantasy."
Then the devil says, "are you gay?" Guy says, "fuck no"... Devil says, "Well then, I guess you're gonna hate Thursdays."
Then the devil asks, "do you drink?" Guy says, "yeah"... devil say, "wonderful, Wednesday is free drinks night, best booze you ever had... all made from the finest stuff."
So, the guy goes to Hell and the devil says, "do you smoke?" The guy say, "yeah"... the devil say, "great cause Tuesday is cigar night, sweetest Cuban cigars you ever had."
Yeah, I guess... hot chicks are always nuts.
I'll let it slide, she was only seventeen.
Fuck yeah, she is. I'd join a cult to get some of that... and the best part is she didn't try to kill the President or nothing, so that baggage ain't hanging around.
As far a hot... goes I gotta go with... Ruth Ann Moorehouse.
If we're talking cute... like regular cute, I'd say Leslie Van Houton, but cute ain't hot.
There always one kid with no bodily controls. We had this dude, Jeff Baxter, he was a puker. The fucker would just sit there puke all over himself.
She's pretty cute.
Really? Huh, I thought for sure you'd say Lynette Fromme. She's got that snooty vibe I know you dig.
Someone is out there...  ...help, we're in here!
That was good babe, just keep doing that.
I know, but we can make it out of here. We can do it.
Think, think. Try to open the lid, try to kick a hole in the wood.
Shhhhhh.
I don't know, I think he's funny.
Hey, I'm just waiting for Cousin Itt to show up.
Yes, thank you. Thank you very much.
Dude, your chick's a little high strung.
Hey, nice outfit Billy Bob.
When?
I don't...  ...I just thought it was weird.
I don't know, I just thought it was interesting.
These dates perfectly correspond with the time frame of our beloved Dr. Satan working at the looney bin. I'll bet he amputated her arms.
Blah, blah, blah... it doesn't say, but she was released sometime in 1937, only to reappear as Ellie Bogdan, the arm-less wonder. Says she, "criss-crossed the United States constantly in carnivals and freak shows until her death in 1946."
Now she was put in the nuthouse in 1930 at the age of 16.
It says, "records show that Ellie Thompson was born in 1914 of normal physical stature and lived a life of normal bearings, until such time that she was placed in the care of the Willows State Mental Facility."
Yeah, in this book there's a chapter called Self Made Freaks about how people would mutilate themselves in order to work in a freak show. It mostly talks about tattooed people and wild men of Borneo and shit like that, but there is one mention of a single case where a woman was suspected of having her arms removed on purpose to become an arm-less wonder.
Hey, listen to this... I think this is related to our Dr. Satan.
Hey, maybe she knows where this is?
Fried chicken.  Anybody want some?
Aw, come on. It will be fun.
This isn't everything. Get ready for this... there's a Museum of Murder and Mayhem.
Great, you're back. Let's go. We already paid for the tickets.
Grab Mary and come inside.
Please, let us go, we won't tell anybody.
Great.
Oh, you mean on TV.
Firefly... mmmmm odd name. Mrs. Firefly, do you know anything about the legend of Dr. Satan?
I've been meaning to ask you, Mrs... Ummmm.
Didn't ya think, Mary?
Great. I thought I felt a certain attraction between Mary and Tiny soon as he walked in.
I was just kidding.
And I'm gonna help put the razor blades in the candy apples.
I don't doubt that.
Well, I thought I'd maybe take in a hoedown.
Um, I'm Jerry... that's Bill... Denise and Mary.
Oh, right.
Hey, maybe the guy with the tow truck could drive us to a phone.
Negative. Shit, we are so deep in the sticks we could walk for hours and find zero.
This is way too fucked up for words.
OK lassies, I think it's time you get to gripping reality.
Hold on, hold on! Everybody calm down! It's the tow truck guy.
Oh, don't blow everything out of proportion.
Huh?
I'll go. It's my fault.
I think we should go straight. I mean we know for a fact there ain't nothing back that way, right?
We hit the jackpot! Let's roll, good buddy. We got ourselves a convoy.
Shit, it is only sprinkling and it's worth the trouble. Hold on for two seconds.
I'm gonna go ask him.
