Yeah, I like the screaming too... it's so much more exciting.
Who's your Daddy!
Enjoy your last night...  ...where's Otis?
No, I told you...
Baby! Stop!
Go tell him to get your Grandpa.
What about R.J.?
He tried to burn the house down, said it was possessed by the spirits. Tiny was sleeping in the basement where the fire started. I don't think Earl ever meant to harm us... but Tiny was badly burnt, his ears were destroyed and most of his skin.
Yeah, my poor baby. It's his Daddy's fault. I mean Earl was a good man... I mean he never hit me or nothing, but one day he just got up and went pure devil on us all.
You'll have to forgive Tiny, he can't hear so much.
No dear, I'm fine. Now what kind of host would I be if I put my guests to this kind of work.
Tiny ain't got no car, he ain't even got a bicycle.
He should be back in a couple hours.
That's nice.
No, none. I had one once, back in '57 maybe... I don't know. Really ain't nobody we wanna be jaw flapping at around here no more.
Aw, honey you know I can't do that.
Bye sweety, we could of been great together.
No, no, no it's so much more special than that... you'll see, you'll be the first to ever see. I think this is something you'll really love.
For the show. It's Halloween eve and time for our show.
Firefly.
Maybe. He's a real lady killer.
I'll bet you are... you are a naughty little thing aren't ya.
Oh, really...  ...well, I'm a pretty good dancer if you know what I mean... I bet I got a few moves you ain't never seen.
So, what brings you kids way out here, ain't you got something better to do for Halloween than wander around out here in the sticks?
What do they call you, sweety?
His name is Rufus, Rufus Jr., but we all call him R.J.
I suggest you kids leave now.
Well, even though I know it seems childish to you all. Tonight is Halloween eve and it special to us so you are all invited to stay for dinner.
I know you're my guests and welcome but I'd please advise you to keep from cussing while in my house, thank you.
Oh really, well I hope something changes your mind some day.
Oh, I get it... I guess you think you're too good for the simple pleasures of Halloween.
No, I can't say that I ever seen 'em before...  ...he looks familiar, is he on TV?
Oh, you are very welcome... Lord knows how I love a man in uniform.
Oh, alright... I guess I can trust you... being a man of the law and all.
I um... no, I don't think so...
Well, I... mmmmm... no, I ain't seen her, sorry.
Questions? Well, heck, I'll tell you anything you want to know.
Aw, you ain't disturbing me, but it kind of looks like rain, don't ya think?
Well hello, officer.
That's true, Otis... not that we're having a bad time, but...
Wait, I want to say good-bye.
Who's your Daddy!
What should I do?
I don't know. I only saw one.
Otis! Otis! Come quick, there's cops outside.
Grampa... watch the language.
