It was I who asked to come back, humiliating as it may seem.  I could have gone on witn my career, only I found everything unendur- able arter she divorced me.  You see, I was her rirst husband.
I directed all her early pictures. There were three young directors who showed promise in those days: D.W. Grirrith, C.B. deMille, and Max von Mayerling.
She never will.  That is my job. It has been for a long time.  You must understand I discovered her when she was eighteen.  I made her a star.  I cannot let her be destroyed.
It's just that I'm very worried about Madame.
I'm not inquiring where Mr. Gillis goes every night...
You must be very careful as you cross the patio.  Madame may be watching.
I just found out why all those tele- phone calls.  It is not Miss Desmond they want.  It is the car they want to rent.
He had a great big bungalow on wheels.  I had the upstairs.  See where it says 'Readers' Department'? I remember my walls were covered with black patent leather...
You see those offices there, Mr. Gillis? They used to be her dressing room, The whole row.
Mr. Gillis, if you please.
She is upstairs.
I don't know, sir.  Madame made the arrangements.
I'd better press your evening clothes, sir.  You have not for- gotten Madame's New Year's party.
I wouldn't look too closely at the postmarks.
We have to be very careful.  No sleeping pills, no razor blades. We shut off the gas in her bed- room.
Madame's doctor.  She has moments of melancholy.  There have been some suicide attempts.
The doctor suggested it.
There are no locks anywhere in this house.
It was the room of the husband. Or of the husbands, I should say. Madame has been married three times.
They found your car in the garage.  They are going to tow it away.
That's what I told them.
Some men are here.  They asked for you.
Why are you so upset?  Is there anything missing?
Naturally.  I brought them myself.
You did, sir. GILLIS' VOICE He goes out.  Gillis     I pegged him as slightly looks after him, hangs   cuckoo, too.  A stroke maybe. his coat over a chair,   Come to think of it, the walks over to the win-   whole place seemed to have dow, pulls down the      been stricken with a kind of rickety Venetian blind.  creeping paralysis, out of As he does so, he looks  beat with the rest of the down at:                 world, crumbling apart in slow motion ...
She was the greatest.  You wouldn't know.  You are too young.  In one week she got seventeen thousand fan letters.  Men would bribe her mani- curist to get clippings from her fingernails.  There was a Maharajah who came all the way from Hyderabad to get one of her stockings.  Later, he strangled himself with it.
There is the bathroom.  I put in soap and a toothbrush.
This room has not been used for a long time.
I made your bed this afternoon.
Madame is waiting.
You are not dressed properly.
Wipe your feet!
Go on in.
All right.  Camera!  Action!
This is the staircase of the palace.
The cameras have arrived, Madame.
If you will pardon me, Madame. The shadow over the left eye is not quite balanced.
Very good, Madam.
I myself was surprised at Mr. de Mille's manners.
It is not Mr. deMille in person. It is someone by the name or Gordon Cole.  He says it's very important.
Paramount studios.
Paramount is calling.
Madame is wanted on the telephone.
Yes, Madame.
Yes.  Madame.
