Whether she wants to or not...she's not going.
Nothing's private...
It's obvious that the girl doesn't want to accompany you, isn't it?
Of course, 'The Season of the Witch' won't be ready for a while yet but we have to keep in touch.
Great...great...listen, I'm very interested in you guys because I'll be opening a new club myself soon... uptown...and maybe we can work something out...
What are your plans?
No, really, I liked it...thought it was great.
Know where he is?
Isn't this Jack Groppi's place?
Sure.  And you're gonna take the vows next Tuesday, right.
Panther!  Same thing...
Thanks for the ride.
I'll say that I'm travelling.
Listen, I appreciate it, but I'll handle it myself.  I'll write.
Yeah, well thanks, but I got enough to hold me.  My mother can send me some.  I don't know.
Hey, come on...
No.
Yeah.
So I'll send you a postcard from wherever.  If I get there.
It's an open ticket.  I can go anywhere up to $350.
Kennedy.
Hide the gun.  Throw it away. Anything.  Listen, I gotta borrow your car...I think we should take a ride...away from here for the night...you know what I mean?
She don't look Jewish.
How do you know?
Who's the girl?
I don't know, but God help him if he does it again!
'Thou sayest it; I am a king.  This is why I was born and why I have come into this world, to bear witness to the truth.  Everyone who is of the truth hears my voice.'
'My kingdom is not of this world. If my kingdom were of this world my followers would have fought that I might not be delivered to the Jews. But, as it is my kingdom is not from here.'
'Dost thou say this of thyself, or have others told thee of me?'
Salute!!!
May God be with you.
Anybody wanna have a game?
Look who's talking.  Pretentious bullshit.  Who's the guy with William Blake and the tigers, eh?
And I wouldn't call it TONY'S PLACE or CHARLIE'S PLACE...  I'd call it something like SEASON OF THE WITCH... get it?
See what I mean?  A question please...'Is this what you call living?'
Be careful.
Don't go to any trouble.  We believe you... We believe you.
You got some mouth!
It'll be OK - I know those guys. They won't stiff you.
Next time, bet with your own kind.
Not quite...but keep trying.
Good idea.
Forget it.
No.
He has about twenty-eight bucks... it's all he has on him.
Mind your own business.
Don't you move!!!
Come on.
NO!!!  What do you think I am, crazy???
Oh, cut it out, will ya?
Take it.  I'm doing it for you, stupid!
You threaten me with my uncle? After what I'm doing for you?
Johnny, I swear to God, if you open your mouth about any of this...
Don't be smart.
Your cousin here was getting sick, worrying about you.  We've been in here calling...
Shut up!
Keep your mouth shut.
That's what I get for getting involved.  Look, on pay-day at least show up at Tony's Place to meet him, ok?  This way he doesn't think that you're trying to screw him.  If you show good faith and save his face maybe we can talk and he'll take off the interest or make different payment arrangements or something... understand?  I'm not asking I'm telling you!!
I don't get involved with anything, you understand that?  Nothing!  I'm clean as far as you know...right?
That'll help you out fine.  That's the best way for you, not for me! I swear to God, I'll rip you open if my uncle ever hears a word about this.  You understand?  I don't care what happens, he doesn't find out.
How?
Big deal...in the meantime, it's done...I'll still try to help you out...You know that...but you gotta show some effort...some respect... understand?
It's impossible for you to catch up on the loan now...the interest is going up...$3,000...do you realize that, flash?
That's not going to help.
Let's get out of here.
Stupid bastard...you get your cousin half-sick over this.
Cut it out stupid.  It's me.
I could have told you that.
I won't wait until Tuesday.  I'll break your arms right now.
Don't promise...just deliver.
I'll tell you what I don't do... I don't owe anybody 2,000 clams plus interest, stupid.  Show up or I break both your arms, we understand each other?
You're not supposed to like it. What gets me is your attitude. Listen... tomorrow you show up.
You sick or what?  You forget what we had to do to get you on the trucks, stupid?
What do you mean?
You couldn't handle shit.  You just better come through with some kind of payment on Tuesday...anything. Understand?  Hold onto your pay- check this week.
Yeah, big man...get yourself in more trouble.  You make a fool out of him, you're doing the same to me. I signed for you don't forget.
You'd better make a move kid.  He thinks you're trying to screw him.
No, she isn't.
Should I slap him?
C'mon Tony, waddaya say?
All right, forget it.  Tony, you got anything we can put on his face?
I know but let's hear it anyway.
What happened to you Flash?
Giovanino!  Where have you been?
My uncle figured that this week was bad...but about next week...I dunno. Maybe you should speak to him yourself.
I don't understand, where's Groppi?
He'd rather have the loan payed, you know that.
Not next week's either...listen...you tell that to Giovanni, not me.
That bad, huh?
What pipes?
No.
Ok, how's everything going?
You're really crazy.
Yeah, where's the rest?
Look, Michael, I'll get him here. What do you want me to do, kill him?
We'll be here.
'Amen I say to thee, thou wilt not come out from it until thou hast paid the last penny.'
'But I say to you not to resist the evildoer; on the contrary, if someone takes thy tunic, let him take thy cloak as well...to him who asks of thee, give; and from him who would borrow of thee do not turn away!
'But I say to you, love your enemies, do good to those who hate you, and pray for those who persecute...'
$3,000.  Shit!  Can we hold it at $3,000?
How much was the original loan again?
He'll be here.  Look, take this for now.
Let's go to the movies...on you.
How much?
What's a'matter?
We'll settle it tonight.
Look...I've talked to him and I've talked to him...what more can I do...?  Tonight at the party all three of us get together and we knock some sense into his head...ok?
Oh Michael, look...
Yeah, thanks, it's ok.
C'mon Johnny.
Disgraceful.
Get him in.
Michael, give us a lift.
Michael, believe me.  You know the kid's a little crazy sometimes.  I vouched for him and he'll come through.  I promise.  I'll talk to him and straighten him out.  Don't worry, OK?
You're right.  You're right.  Look, I'm not gonna wind up paying his debts.  You know that.
Michael, nobody's out to screw you, I guarrantee that.
Look...I don't know.  What am I supposed to be, his keeper or something?  Yeah, he's supposed to be here but who knows what goes on in his head.  Right?
Nope...
No...I'll be ok for a week.
OK, ok...
Oh great...hey - Winstons?
Bye.
Ok.  Chinese.  We'll meet on the corner of 6th Avenue and Waverly Place after you finish.
Yeah, you know...you greet the people...see them to their tables... well...it'll be different though... Listen...why don't we get together and talk after your show tonight.
No...no stripping...as the hostess.
I was thinking maybe you'd do very nicely for the place.
In a little while...I'm gonna have the opportunity of opening my own place...not here...much nicer than this...uptown...sort of nite-club and restaurant and everything.
No, I'm serious...You're really good.
You know Diane...I've been wanting to talk to you for a while now...er... a...  aside from all that joking around we do out there...when you're on...I... a...I really...think that you're a terrific performer...
Diane, how are you feeling?
Oh yeah, that's a possibility.
All right.
What do they expect you to say?
No, she's got epilepsy.
Teresa.
What did he do?
Oh yes, he's pretty good.
Hemmingway.  Killed himself.  I was more upset about that than about Groppi, that's for sure.
I really couldn't believe it when you told me, you know that?
Who me? ...No, I don't know, not me...all I know is...
Oh...around...why?
Ok.
About Oscar...I think he put on this act...about the restaurant being in bad shape and all that. He can't make the payments...I don't know what to make of it.  He says Groppi's run off with a girl. I could help if you want.
You're right uncle.  I must have gotten it confused with something else.
About that shooting last night...I was there and...
Uncle, how are you feeling?
Oh, that's ok...I've been in and out of this place fifty times.
It's only a couple of courses...just for the draft.
"Short Happy Life of Francis Macomber."
"Francis Macomber."
Nothing.
Wasn't a book...was a short story.
Are you sure he didn't say anything to you about tonight?
Honey, I can't talk now...I've gotta run, bye.
Teresa?...Yeah, Charlie.  Listen, I'm looking for your cousin.  Yeah, well today's Tuesday, payday.  I haven't seen him all day...no...well, have you got any idea where he is?  I know it's early yet but I'm just getting worried that's all...
Now don't get excited.  Don't get excited!!
You've been running round too much. Bet you've been forgetting your medicine.
Of all people.  Now say the truth. Do I look like Che Guevara.  C'mon.
...He must have heard the name from those T.V.'s in the hall that were blaring all the time.  I remember GUEVARA was in town at the time. Must've heard it from there I guess...but that's funny, isn't it?
I know...I know.
Well you can't blame them in a way.
Uhuh...probably a good idea.  Why don't you do it this time?
Watch your language.
That W.A.S.P. bastard.
No.  Of course he lives there. Would I point it out to you if he didn't?
See that...know who lives there? The name George Earhardt mean anything to you?
That's the word...preoccupied.
Take your time.  I don't care.
Yeah...but don't worry about that now.  The Hemmingway one is first.
Bore.
No...we can come back in a couple of weeks.  Besides, if we're both gone for three days it wouldn't look right.
Not sick...just stupid.  Speaking of stupid, your cousin last night was feeling so good he decided to break into your mother's house...to get some food.
You missed the point.  The kid's a climber...not very bright...but if you get down to his level to look at it his way; he kills a guy who insulted a big man - he gets a reputation.  He thinks he's in good standing.
CHRIST, you should have seen it. Unbelievable.  The kid would turn around and fire and he would just keep coming at him like Rasputin. That kid was scared.  Not half as much as we were though.
Did you?
Don't ask.
You know...like restaurants, night clubs...
See if you can get your hands on some pamphlets on laws or by laws...or proprietorship...you know...at your place.
Nobody knows anything, believe me.
Maybe, who knows.
Well, if things go the way I hope they'll go, this money business will take care of itself.  God willing.
Sure...it's not that...I mean...
Well...
Well...with the hotel that's ten... fifteen...
Ok, we'll go for lunch.
