Old friend. Haven't talked to him in -- 911. Can I use your phone?
Bill Styles...
Yeah, and I could've used the sleep. I'm supposed to meet people here tonight, try and get some work going.
Don't you mean "don't need no liquor license not taken away from me"?
Yeah, if you've slept.
Can I at least have a drink?
You know that was like a quadruple negative?
He's telling the truth up to a point...
I promised them I'd ask you where West and the others are...
And the bodies?
Do what?
Not true, Cadet, I've got a gun --
We've found all of them.
We don't need the tapes --
We're not finished yet --
Raymond, for you to have any chance of coming out of this, we need to locate the other bodies and examine them to corroborate your testimony. Otherwise this is just another story --
You saved Kendall's life --
You shot Childs and Nunez.
And he'd been shot.
You saw West's body.
Yeah, we know, Pike did.
So Childs made some side money, so what? People are dead, Ray, and the only one we have to blame is you --
Fuck "you're serious", Raymond, you got exactly zero truck with us; right now we'd take the word of a crackhead over yours, so if you've got something to say, say it.
Well, why didn't you say so? We'll just drop all your charges, then --
That'd be my reaction too --
Hey, Ray! Just had a nice talk with your buddy Kendall -- seems you killed three people!
No, actually, I just left mine in the car and was hoping you had some.
You smoke, Ray?
And those were the guys who went on the exercise with you?
Tell me about them.
Okay... but I would like to know about the other cadets. What they were like -- nice guys?
Why'd you ask for a cop, Ray?
Right. Now, I'm gonna go get you another donut and you think about whether you want to talk more, okay?
They're dead, aren't they?
Fifteen years ago under Sergeant West. Piece of work, that guy. I remember, he used to have these two silver .45's with ivory handles and if you weren't quick enough, he'd knock you on the head with one of them. He still carry those guns?
C'mon, Ray, everyone hates the Army during Basic. I'll tell you straight, I hated it here.
What do you like then?
Well, it's a game of anticipation, that's the beauty.
You're under military arrest, it's not gonna happen. What's wrong with baseball?
Why not?
MAYBE WHAT --
Where are they!
You lied to us, Levi, you're going to the gas chamber unless you tell us where to find them!
But you can't prove it! You can't prove anything until we find the bodies!
Or you, Levi? When is it finally going to come out that you were the one who killed him?
How do you know?
Why?
Jail if he's lucky, the gas chamber if he's not --
Something funny, Levi?
Dunbar will testify that you were.
Well?
Huh. You know, I really thought you said Nunez. I thought you said "Dunbar was gone," My fault, I gotta check the tape on that.  Oh, yeah we taped the last interview. This one too. Cause it'd be a real break for us to catch you in a lie.
Dunbar was running out the door? Ohhhhhh... See that's where I was confused, because I thought you said Nunez was running out the door.
Why did you tell us he shot everybody, Levi? You put him in for three murders, the man saved your life --
Is it the truth?
My heart weeps.
Can I go to jail for punching a guy who's been shot?
You tried to pin three stone murders on Dunbar --
Stop.
Okay. I think that's it. He rises and walks to the door.
Why did he come back for you?
He admitted it.
But you didn't.
Then who did?
What happened to "degrees"?
Levi, I don't know if you're familiar with investigative work, but we have this little thing called "motive" and you just gave yourself one.
I think you just blew "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" out of the fucking water.
Senator Daddy must be thrilled.
But not the only victim, right?
Levi, you got about four hours before armed men show up here, put you on a plane to Washington, and lock you in a very small dark room. I suggest you talk to us.
Coast Guard, special detective detail. We feel this incident may have put the beaches of Florida at risk.
Get your hands away from the desk!
You can't duck this, Bill. I may have done every goddamn thing in my life wrong but I won't let this happen.
No more witnesses. West's a ghost. But it doesn't matter because we have your signature, the hospital log, and Kendall's toxicology report. And that'll be enough.
Not for long.
No! You will stand there and you will listen! What happened to you, Bill? You were the one who joined up to do good in the world. You were the one who believed in it --
You poisoned him, Bill. You heard our interrogation, you knew he was ready to crack, so you killed him, just like Pike.
Toxicology report came back. Kendall's attack was caused by a drug known as anephadrine, maybe you've heard of it. It's for asthmatics. If an epileptic takes enough, it kills them. I checked with the nurses at the hospital -- you're the only other person who visited Kendall.
What I can't understand is why you signed these. If you'd just let West take care of the paperwork, no one would have known, but you got careless. So when Pike finally told the truth you had to get rid of him, too.
West had a partner. Someone who knew how to get things done.
Stay where you are.
I'm not going to cover for you, Bill. Not for this.
If you let him testify then it would have all come out. West was supposed to take care of it out there, shut Nunez up and then disappear. But it got messy and people got killed. So you called your old pal Tom Hardy, figuring if worse came to worse, he'd cover for you.
It was so good, I actually forgot you're one of the bigger dogs now. The Base Commander. The one in control. You couldn't let him testify, could you?
You're a good soldier, Bill.
I'm sorry, Bill.
They're taking your command, aren't they?
I wouldn't know where to start.  I guess it was about one man framing another. He thought if the other guy got blamed, people would over look his own wrong doings.
That's horseshit and you know it.
Yeah.
What I said before --
I'm talking about West! We had him, Bill, we were there. You're the fucking Base Commander, you knew what he did to Cadets and you let him go on the way he always he has --
You want a confession? Why don't you confess, Bill: people are dead and you don't give a shit about it! Only reason you called me is to protect your fucking job, you know this is your fault --
Home, I'm done.
You mean not enough to save you.
Nevertheless what'? Kendall will testify and that'll be enough.
From Dunbar? I hate to break this to you, but I don't think he's gonna be all that psyched to put himself in for the death penalty.
Okay, then let's widen the search to include the endzone in Giants Stadium and the trunk of my car --
There was a hurricane, Bill, the wind probably moved it.
Someone must have got a shot off. He wasn't exactly a moving target.
Pike killed West, Dunbar killed Mueller, Childs, and Nunez.
He's not done by a longshot, I can get more out of him --
I'm not gonna let that happen.
And I'm the closest thing to it, right?
Which gives us about five hours. Why'd you call me?
I'm assuming that's what made him the dead one?
And the problem is you only got three.
Well, he's a good soldier.
It's not West, is it? Tell me it's not West.
And here you are going out of house. How's that make you feel, Jules?
Tell me what I can do.
That bad?
What kind of trouble are you in?
How are you?
Yeah. But he was a lot of other things, too. Thanks.
In case you need me to testify about the shooting. They'll clear you.
I should probably write that down.
Want company?
Think it'll work?
Leaving without saying goodbye. What are you gonna do?
Do I have a choice in this?
West?
Really.
There are degrees of truth, officer. Always degrees.
Tough.
This is the perfect time. You know what makes a good detective? The number of confessions they get. You're a good detective, Osborne. So now you get mine.
Seven guys. What was it you said? You were "just starting to believe I wasn't the guy people said".
Seven.
No death certificates. No crime.
WHERE'S WEST'S BODY?
We can tie you to the chair if it'll work better for you --
Isn't this how your story goes?
Right back where we started.
Get in.
Good, just making sure.
Maybe... Maybe we were nowhere near. Sometimes mysteries stay mysteries.  I haven't by any chance grown on you, have I?
That's gonna stay my secret.
It dawned on me one day that we were supposed to be a nation founded on the principle of questioning authority... and all I did here was follow orders. It didn't add up. Plus, I got kicked out.
Nah.
Now I go home, get drunk, and try and forget this ever happened.
Yeah.
No, I didn't. I wanted to humiliate him. For what he did to Dunbar. For fucking over the little guy.
Yeah, I could've. Should've.
I pushed him too hard.
That's a fantastic idea --
Why don't you talk to Levi off the record for a second?
Are you sure?
What?
We're fucked, I know --
Let's go talk to Bill...
That bugs you too?
And all hell breaks loose. A lot of Good guys shoot a lot of bad guys and whiz, bang, zoom, happy ending.
Kendall maybe would have agreed, but the hurricane buttfucks the cabin --
And if they're asked, that's what they'll tell the, world.
Exactly, someone who's not involved, who's word can't be questioned. You only let them see what you want them to see, you make them believe, so when the time comes, they've totally bought into your version of events.
And they're smart about it. They know when you commit a crime you know is going to be investigated, you need a fall guy and for that to work, you have to have a witness.
What happened next?
Dunbar... He said he didn't shoot West. West wasn't shot, Kendall said he was blown apart by a phosphorous grenade and Dunbar never saw the body.
I didn't shoot West...
Why do you care?
Oh, spare me the reverse psychology bullshit! This isn't my "great second chance", Osborne. Everyone thinks I'm a piece of shit cop who took money and nothing is going to change that. Nobody will ever know what happens here --
Phenomenal at taking bribes, right?
West was a monster! Fifteen years ago, I was here, I was Section Eight, I was Pike. Fuck being the knife dummy -- that thing he did, stripping Pike down, making him stand outside all night? He did that every year, he did that to me. Fifteen years ago, I wanted him dead, and now I'm supposed to care that somebody offed him? Sorry, no can do. I tried.
Watch me.
You knew what he was capable of and you just stood by. It was just a matter of time till somebody fragged his ass, and you know what? He deserved it. There's your confession.
Why the fuck wasn't he in restraints?
Well, I'm sure if he'd known this was all going to happen he'd have tried harder to witness it for you --
Everyone's capable of murder, Osborne.
That means under a year. Let me explain what ten years of police work has taught me -- murder is basic. There are no conspiracies, no grand mysteries, and no evil puppet masters behind it all, pulling the strings; murder is shitty people doing a shitty thing to other shitty people -- it doesn't always make sense but it's always neat. Dunbar's our guy.
"Too neat." How long have you been an investigator?
I lied. Wait for it...
Have no fear, Osborne, we have not yet begun to fight.
Got it.
Being back here. Gives me the willies.
He's telling the truth, up to a point.
You guys really got the shit kicked out of you here.
So noted.
I plan to grow on you.
The very same.
Yeah. That's just the story I tell the girls to get them into bed. Truth is... I don't know. The whole honor and duty thing. Make a difference in the world, crap like that. Didn't really work out.
I lost a bet.
You had a mobile of bayonets above your crib.
Microrecorder for Kendall -- didn't have time to wire his room. Now tell me why you joined the army or I'll jab this pen through your neck.
Best time for banal chit-chat.
You're right. We should sit in silence.
Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't know the object of the interrogation is to make you look good -- Everyone knows good cop, bad cop -- by admitting it I appeared trustworthy.
I believe somebody owes me ten dollars --
See, Ray, this is what we call "good cop, bad cop". She shouts, I stand up for you, you're grateful, a bond of trust is established.
Ten bucks says I have him talking in under three minutes.
Something like that.
Thank you. At some point in there I'm gonna rub my nose. When I do, go at him with everything you got.
Is he handsome, self assured, carry himself well, does he look you in the eyes or down at the floor, does he have good bones, suggesting good breeding, does he slouch or sit up straight -- these are important questions, as they reveal a great deal about this man's character so please get over yourself for two and a half seconds and tell me is he cute?
Is Dunbar cute?
Because interrogation rooms look suspiciously like interrogation rooms, which doesn't exactly put people at ease. Is he cute?
Move him.
He's in interrogation?
Christ... Remind me to thank Bill for mentioning that on the phone --
Levi? Who names their kid Levi --
Three things. First -- You don't have a choice. Second -- I've never taken a bribe in my life. And Third -- I'm still a little drunk from last night, so if I skip over the witty banter and move forward to straight hitting on you, try not to take offense. Tell me about the two guys.
Subtlety really isn't one of you finer points, is it, Osborne?
It was for suspicion of bribery, it's really all in the wording --
He got me through Basic and a lot of other stuff. I owe him.
Gotta be honest, I love what you've done with the place --
And you notice I'm not in the Army anymore.
I didn't mean that as a compliment.
He was our Drill here. Man's older than sand.
Ah, Christ
Fantastic. You want to tell me what's going on?
