You framed-him...
Maybe he's dead too. Maybe you killed them both, Mueller --
What about Pike?
Did -- did you --
I don't want to go --
What do we do?
I thought I was gonna have an attack. Go into a fit and bite off my own tongue in the middle of the bayou. Childs could tell I wasn't right.
I'm -- I'm sorry...
Maybe he...
Maybe --
I don't know --
I didn't --
Because I was standing next to him.
Because of what I saw.  Who really killed West.
I didn't do anything --
I was just thinking of what's going to happen to your careers when my father gets through with you.
Then we'll leave it up to the courts -- His word against mine. What does his father do again? Steelworker?  Doesn't matter, I'm sure justice will be served. In any case, my father will definitely want to talk to you about all these questions, these accusations on his son. He's quite protective.
Sorry to disappoint. I'm on painkillers for the injury -- they cloud the mind. You're right, it was Nunez. Any more questions?
I believe your next line is "What are you trying to hide?"
No. I said Dunbar.
So I should stay silent about his misdeeds? The guns went off, I ran in, Childs shot me, Pike and Mueller were dead, and Dunbar was running out the door with the smoking gun --
There's that word again.  As I told you, I wasn't in the room when everyone started shooting.
Epileptic attacks are murder on your system. Rattle your internal organs like a paint mixer.
How many murders did you cover up? One? Five? Maybe an even ten.
Somebody emptied a full clip into him --
Mr. Hardy?
I honestly don't know. Maybe to have someone to cover for him. And I wish I could, but there's no doubt in my mind he killed those men.
Right in front of us. Mueller went after him but we held him back.
No. Poetic justice, though.
Maybe I shouldn't tell you that. Maybe I should tell you I wasn't scared at all. But I was...  Enough to almost kill him.
I didn't kill him --
You said you wanted to know what happened -- I'm telling you the truth.
The Sergeant discovered this relationship and wanted me expelled. My father interceded, so instead, West Sectioned me and made sure every other cadet knew that I was gay.
He is not, shall we say, wild about the idea. He has asked me on numerous occasions to be more discreet about my proclivities, and I have done my best to oblige him. However, in the last four weeks, I began a relationship with another cadet. What do you think of that?
My father is a powerful man. Over the years he's used that power to protect me, in one form or another, from certain... unpleasantries.  I am a homosexual.
My, my, my, how did things turn so hostile so quickly? If I didn't know better, I'd say you two were out to get me.
I've done nothing wrong.  I'm the victim here.
That's it. You're that policeman with friends in low places. Tell me, how's Guissepe Torres doing these days? Those racketeering indictments must have really been a downer --
You... I've seen you around the Base. But you...  You're not Army, are you?
Pike, please --
I don't think I want to hear this --
How?
What are you talking about?
So you took off your shirt?
Oh, you remember now --
Yeah and he doesn't know when --
Poor fucker my ass...
We should tell him we're not going.
You ever been in a hurricane, Mueller?
Maybe we shouldn't go.
He came after us. And I told Dunbar he had to kill him...
I scared Dunbar into silence. He's been trying to cover for me the whole time. We got here, you came to see me... I didn't know if I could trust him with that kind of secret --
I told him what had really happened to West. Told him to keep quiet about it or I'd destroy him. Because if it came out that I was involved with the whole PX scam, my father would be finished.
Childs.
We did get our stories straight, but not because we killed anyone.  It was because I threatened him.
Dunbar's telling the truth.
Wait --
It won't work --
What?
You can't threaten me --
Then he's mistaken. You know, I really don't think my father would approve of this line of questioning --
No, but it got you interested, didn't it? Got you to dig. Inspired Ray to tell you terribly sordid tales about drugs and creek beds and dead little sergeants who stuck their noses where they didn't belong.
Not much time to solve the crime. Tell me, detective, how did it feel taking blood money from Guissepe Torres? Did it weigh on your conscience or did you just not think about it?
Running out of time, are we? Tick- tock, tick-tock, how long till your witnesses fly the coop?
We've been making progress, I see.
Like I said, I was in the kitchen. When I came out, Mueller and Pike were dead, Nunez and Childs were hit and Dunbar was gone.
Because he'd shot Mueller.
He whispered it in my ear.
"You're gonna die tonight, faggot". Clear as day.
He wanted more than that.
What, "The Truth"? Please. There are degrees of truth, officer, always degrees. Things are not what they seem.
