How do you know that?
We can prove that you're not Ray Dunbar. Impersonating a fellow Cadet is a court-martial in and of itself --
You kept Kendall alive to corroborate your story and he did it all they way up to the end. You even gave him his own motive in case we decided to burn him, too.
Where's the cabin?
Why didn't you tell us all this in the first place?
Mueller was alone in the cabin?
Back up.
What about the phosphorous grenade?
Where?
What business?
He said he worked there --
Epilepsy.
Tell us about the other guys, the ones West weeded out.
Are you saying Sergeant West tried to kill you?
He was your friend.
Your phone number?
Yeah.
A word of advice about women -- that first hour or so after they kill their boss? Probably not the best time to hit on them.
Nah.
Go home, get drunk, and try and forget this ever happened.
What are you doing out here?
Yeah. I can wait till you're off the base and do it myself.
Nobody saw. But I don't think so.
Far as I'm concerned, whatever you did in the past can stay in the past.
You're a good man, Hardy.
That's not true.
What if I don't want it?
This isn't the time --
What?
We need to talk --
No bodies, no West...
Hardy, for Chrissakes --
Hardy, what are you doing --
We got maybe three minutes till they break it down.
Four --
No.
We were close to something with Kendall.
For what?
You know, you never told me why you left the army.
Think it'll work?
So what now?
So did I.
You wanted to break him.
You mean the falsely accused?
You wanted to get the truth.
You couldn't have known --
See, I just take your gun to the morgue and fire it into one of their skulls; then I call every newspaper in the country with the story about how Senator Kendall's gay son went nuts on a training mission --
Good idea.
Positive. Hardy, they planned this.
What Kendall said -- "the type of guys you don't feel comfortable going to sleep around." That's what Dunbar said about Childs to the letter.
They got their stories straight.
Little bit.
So why, after Dunbar drags Kendall out from under a house, does the Senator's son try and get us to put his savior in the gas chamber?
Buttfucks the cabin?
So it's a good plan but it goes wrong; Mueller flips out and shoots their fall guy, which means they have to bring Dunbar and Kendall into the cover story --
They believe the innocent are guilty and the guilty are innocent.
Dunbar.
Talk it through: Childs, Mueller, and Nunez know they're going out on the regular Tuesday Night drill, hurricane or no hurricane, so they plan it: Kill West, pin it on Pike.
At least you and Kendall agree on that.
What?
Because it's my job. Because people are dead. Because of the whole honor and duty thing, make a difference in the world, crap like that.  We can do this, Hardy.
But you will.
I was starting to believe you, you know? That you weren't who everyone said. I guess I was wrong --
You did more than try. You cracked Dunbar in less than three minutes, as an investigator you're phenomenal --
You said you owed Styles and now you're gonna turn your back on him?
Goddammit, Hardy, you can't just leave --
Styles couldn't reassign him, he's a legend --
I don't know.
Look, all we've got is what Kendall says, and he didn't actually witness any deaths except Nunez. He found West, he saw Mueller and Pike, but just their bodies -- he didn't see any crime committed.
I just... He came back for Kendall. I don't think he's capable of murder.
I don't think that has anything to do with --
But we have to question him --  Thought you didn't have cigarettes --
That was kid gloves?
Remember, he's the son of a Senator, so go easy. Kid gloves.
Not the happiest of memories?
Something wrong?
What point?
Imagine what it must have been like for them out there. What do you think of Dunbar?
You're off to a late start.
You do understand that there's absolutely no way I could ever be attracted to you, right?
This is the straight hitting on me you were talking about, isn't it?
You're kidding.
Something like that. You?
Typical army brat story. Dad was noncom, Mom was a Nurse. There was never any real doubt of joining up.
What is that?
We're in the middle of a murder case --
You really want to make banal chit- chat like that now?
You made me look like an idiot --
Baseball?
The Colonel saw you shoot Nunez, you're a murderer --
I questioned him for three hours and he didn't make a sound. You don't have a badge, he won't talk to you.
Good cop/bad cop?
That is the most unprofessional --
Excuse me?
Why?
Yes.
Kendall Junior is still in surgery, so he won't be available to answer for his name or anything else for another hour -- the cadet we're talking to first is Dunbar.
Senator Jonathan Kendall, of Ohio.
Hurricane knocked out our Mainframe, so all we have are their dogtags. Cadets Raymond Dunbar and Levi Kendall --
Wording and your friendship with the Colonel aside, I'm not comfortable having you involved in this.
You're the Tom Hardy I've been reading about in the papers, right? New Orleans PD fired you for taking bribes from Guissepe Torres.
You and the Colonel go back.
Sergeant West's served for twenty- three years. He's the public face of the modern Army.
You knew Sergeant West?
Hostile and uncooperative.
What happened with Nunez?
So you framed him. The same way Childs was going to frame Pike.
Who, Levi --
Wrong answer --
What.
Enjoy your flight to Washington --
It will and you know why? Because you're not a person anymore, you're a cadet in the United States Army; you have no identity, no Miranda warning, and no rights. So I'm gonna throw you to the wolves, and unlike you, I'm gonna get away with it, because you're pissing me off!
It doesn't matter, Levi. We're going to find those bodies and when we do, I'm going to make sure one of them has a bullet in them that matches your weapon --
You and Dunbar got your stories straight. Little details, little inconsistencies, designed to bounce us back from one of you to the other, asking questions, killing time, until the transport arrives and whisks you away to where Senator Daddy can protect you. You think you're just going to slide out of this? You're an accessory to murder, Levi, you're going to jail --
Dunbar says you were.
Pike never confessed.
Fifty minutes.
Pike never confessed.
But you didn't see it, right?
Nunez was chasing Dunbar.
No one else heard it?
He said what?
He couldn't kick you out so he wanted you to quit on your own.
We just want --
So?
No, no that was Cadet Dunbar --
Yeah.
You never told me why you got kicked out of...
What happens to Dunbar now?
We know.
He tried to burn Dunbar to us. You don't do that if you're not involved.
It's too neat.
No --
Search parties for the others are fanning out in a ten click radius from the pickup. If they're hurt and we can get to them in time...
He's not Army, it's not official --
But this guy you called, he's not even Army --
This is totally unnecessary --
