A test will no doubt link you to the killing --
We wait and I'm a dead man. I got a black face, a criminal record, and over a hundred other cadets who'll testify how much I hated West -- my court martial will take six minutes. It's either me or them, Ray, and you gotta decide right now.
There's no time to think, Ray, we gotta get out of here! You untie me, we grab the guns, get Kendall and Nunez, and make a run for it --
What don't you know?
Mueller and Childs. One of them must've taken the grenade from my pack on the chopper...
Way I figure it, West must have found out about their little business and was gonna bust them, so they decided to get rid of him first...
That's close range. You go full auto on a guy from close range, you're gonna be swimming in blood. Look at my uniform. Nothing.
From up close or far away?
You saw West, right? How was he killed?
Becoming a morphine addict during Basic ain't exactly something you want to broadcast. Only Mueller and Childs know.
Pull up my sleeve. Right arm.
Combat grade morphine. Mueller sold it to me.
Just look. Little pocket.
Look in my pack.
Enough to go to prison? Childs' PX scam, Mueller was in on it --
Who you gonna trust, Ray? Him or your friend?
We're sweeping our area and suddenly he's gone. Couple minutes later, phosphorous grenade pops off about a third of a click away --
Mueller.
Ray, this is my life here. I ain't gonna pretend I'm not happy West is gone, but you know I couldn't have done this. It's not in me.
Which anyone coulda taken out of my gear on the chopper. Were you watching your pack on the ride in?
Maybe, but that don't make me a killer --
You gotta untie me.  I didn't do this thing, Ray.
Right?
Do I?
Why?
Roberto, what the fuck?
Wandering through a hurricane trying to find this place. It's gettin' bad out there --  Where's West?
I mean I killed him.  Isn't that what we all wanted?
West's. Any kindling for afire?
Although that won't matter much when coupled with the murder charge --
Someone else can do the deed, it doesn't have to be you. Maybe Nunez too, he's got a tendency to follow Mueller, but the rest of us can come out ahead -- the guys who took out their Sergeant's killers! We'll move the bodies out to the creek and say we came over the hill right as they fragged West, all we gotta do is tell the story right.
Mueller. He's as bad as West and we both know it. Now I can't do it, cause I'm tied up, but we get the others to go along --
A gay Senator's son who let his Sarge get fragged on a training exercise? The press'll crucify you and your father. His career will be over and it'll be your fault. But we do this different and you come out a hero.
The thing is, we've got a real opportunity here. You turn me in tomorrow and we're both fucked --
-- failure to comply with this arrest is a court martialable offense in and of itself --
Until we return to base, and ballistics can match your weapon to the slugs in Sergeant West's body --
You are to be stripped of all weapons and placed under guard --
Cadet Michael Mueller, I hereby place you under military arrest for the murder of Sergeant Nathan West --
Goddammit, Ray, we gotta get out of here --
Still got mine on, not a speck of blood on it. Not a bad trick for a murderer -- you said you burned yours?
Where's your shirt, Mueller?
This place is going, Mueller. We gotta move --
Thank God...
Blame the nigger, then, huh? Someone turns up dead, you just look for the darkest face in the crowd --
What the fuck happened to you --
Hurricane's due after midnight and we're still going out?
