For the last time, I have no idea what you're talking about --
You're crazy --
You want to get into a finger pointing contest about character? The army kicked you out for drugs, the cops fired you for taking bribes from a mobster, and you think you can stand there and lecture me on codes of conduct? There's only one criminal standing in this room and it's you.
I'm not even going to dignify that --
I wanted to see if he was okay --
That's preposterous --
Or what? You've gone round the bend --
You're drunk --
What are you talking about?
I thought you said that wasn't a compliment.
Don't be. I'm not cut out to deal with the West's of the world.
The Senator...
You think you could explain all this to me?
Maybe. But it's my fault and I'll carry it.
It's over. Time of death was 4:42. JAG's been notified and I called the Senator myself. My report will reflect that his medical condition made this unavoidable... you two had no culpability in the matter.
Does Osborne agree?
Was dead right. You think Dunbar's on the level?
What the hell are you talking about --
What about the confession?
Tom, where are you going --
JAG gets here in three hours. Try for the confession.
Not for me.
Nevertheless --
Without the body we have no physical proof. We need a confession.
Habeas Corpus -- you have to have a body to have a crime.
We've already been over the terrain twice. Nothing.
Who killed Pike?
He can wait. Kendall's out of surgery.
Tom, bottom line: I let those kids go out there. If JAG shows up and I don't have any answers for them, my career is finished --
The guy in interrogation said he'd only talk to a cop.
Cadet Roberto R. Nunez. Killed right in front of me.
No, the problem is one's dead, one's got a bullet in his arm, and one won't talk. The one who won't talk was trading live fire with the dead one as we reached the pick-up.
The exercise was one of his Section Eight "private sessions". Left around 2100 yesterday and were scheduled for pick up at 0630 this morning.
A few years ago, the Army picked our good buddy as their go to non-com to trot out to the press to talk about the kinder, gentler military. He even did the standard video greeting played to all incoming Basic cadets across the country.
The official term for it is "Clusterfuck". By the time Beth hit us, I'd canceled all off base exercises save one -- a six man cadet team and their Drill out in the bush. We're missing three and the Sergeant. The cadets are in their eighth week of the cycle, nobody here knows much about them, up to and including their names. But the Sergeant...
This is Warrant Officer Julia Osborne, the closest thing we have to an in- house investigator.
Would I have called you if it wasn't? If there was any other way --
Been better.  I read about what's been happening with you... I should have called --
The army kicked you out for drugs...
Gets on his plane in ten minutes, which means you two are done. You'll understand if I don't walk you out.
I'm giving you a chance to walk away.
You both know if you do this, if you go after a Senator's son and you're wrong... it's not just me in the hot seat anymore.
You want Kendall, don't you?
What do you think?
You think he did it?
I called the JAG Corps, the two cadets we retrieved are to be flown to D.C. on a transport leaving here at 1700 --
Then it's unofficial.
He's former Army and the best I've ever seen in a room. Besides, he knows the territory, we did Basic together here.  You've had three hours with Dunbar and haven't gotten a peep, we need to take a different tack.
He asked to see a policeman, we're getting him a policeman.
