I shall remember to pay it... to myself.
Of course they stay. Rick's wouldn't be Rick's without them.
Hmmm. I happen to know that he gets ten percent. But he's worth twenty- five.
Ah, to get out of Casablanca and go to America! You're a lucky man.
Shall we draw up the papers, or is our handshake good enough?
Rick, don't be a fool. Take me into your confidence. You need a partner.
Rick, I'll put my cards on the table. I think you know where those letters are.
Naturally there will be a few incidental expenses. That is the proposition I have for whoever has those letters.
I have a proposition for whoever has those letters. I will handle the entire transaction, get rid of the letters, take all the risk, for a small percentage.
If I could lay my hands on those letters, I could make a fortune.
Of course not. What upsets me is the fact that Ugarte is dead and no one knows where those letters of transit are.
The bourbon.  The news about Ugarte upset me very much.
Carrying charges, my boy, carrying charges. Here, sit down. There's something I want to talk over with you, anyhow.
No hurry. I'll have it sent over. Have a drink with me.
My dear Rick, when will you realize that in this world today isolationism is no longer a practical policy?
Suppose we ask Sam. Maybe he'd like to make a change.
That's too bad. That's Casablanca's leading commodity. In refugees alone we could make a fortune if you would work with me through the black market.
What do you want for Sam?
You haven't heard my offer.
Fine, but I would like to buy your cafe.
Hello, Rick.
It was gracious of you to share it with me. Good day, Mademoiselle, Monsieur.
He is a difficult customer, that Rick. One never knows what he'll do or why. But it is worth a chance.
Not for sure, Monsieur, but I will venture to guess that Ugarte left those letters with Monsieur Rick.
Those letters were not found on Ugarte when they arrested him.
I observe that you in one respect are a very fortunate man, Monsieur. I am moved to make one more suggestion, why, I do not know, because it cannot possibly profit me, but, have you heard about Signor Ugarte and the letters of transit?
Well, good luck. But be careful.  You know you're being shadowed?
-- We might as well be frank, Monsieur. It will take a miracle to get you out of Casablanca. And the Germans have outlawed miracles.
As leader of all illegal activities in Casablanca, I am an influential and respected man. It would not be worth my life to do anything for Monsieur Laszlo. You, however, are a different matter.
