And the other alternative?
What are they?
What value is that? You may recall what German guarantees have been worth in the past.
Occupied France?
This morning you implied it was not safe for him to leave Casablanca.
You needn't be concerned about me.
Yes.
And I said I would never leave you.
But what about us?
No.
But Richard, no, I, I --
No, Richard, no. What has happened to you? Last night we said --
I don't understand. What about you?
But why my name, Richard?
Oh, Rick!
But it's all right, isn't it? You were able to arrange everything?
Richard, Victor thinks I'm leaving with him. Haven't you told him?
I wish I didn't love you so much.
I can't fight it anymore. I ran away from you once. I can't do it again. Oh, I don't know what's right any longer. You'll have to think for both of us, for all of us.
Oh, you'll help him now, Richard, won't you? You'll see that he gets out? Then he'll have his work, all that he's been living for.
Now? I don't know. I know that I'll never have the strength to leave you again.
Just before you and I were to leave Paris together. A friend came and told me that Victor was alive. They were hiding him in a freight car on the outskirts of Paris. He was sick, he needed me. I wanted to tell you, but I, I didn't care. I knew, I knew you wouldn't have left Paris, and the Gestapo would have caught you. So I... well, well, you know the rest.
Oh, it wasn't my secret, Richard. Victor wanted it that way. Not even our closest friends knew about our marriage. That was his way of protecting me. I knew so much about his work, and if the Gestapo found out I was his wife it would be dangerous for me and for those working with me.
It wasn't long after we were married that Victor went back to Czechoslovakia. They needed him in Prague, but there the Gestapo were waiting for him. Just a two-line item in the paper: "Victor Laszlo apprehended. Sent to concentration camp." I was frantic. For months I tried to get word. Then it came. He was dead, shot trying to escape. I was lonely. I had nothing. Not even hope. Then I met you.
For the last time, put them on the table.
Put them on the table.
-- All right. I tried to reason with you. I tried everything. Now I want those letters. Get them for me.
No. Oh, Richard, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, but, but you, you are our last hope. If you don't help us, Victor Laszlo will die in Casablanca.
Please. Please listen to me. If you knew what really happened, if you only knew the truth --
Richard, Richard, we loved each other once. If those days meant anything at all to you --
It was your cause, too. In your own way, you were fighting for the same thing.
I know how you feel about me, but I'm asking you to put your feelings aside for something more important.
You can ask any price you want, but you must give me those letters.
Please.
Richard, I had to see you.
The stairs from the street.
No, Rick. No, you see, Victor Laszlo is my husband... and was, even when I knew you in Paris.
You can believe that if you want to.
Last night I saw what has happened to you. The Rick I knew in Paris, I could tell him. He'd understand. But the one who looked at me with such hatred... well, I'll be leaving Casablanca soon and we'll never see each other again. We knew very little about each other when we were in love in Paris. If we leave it that way, maybe we'll remember those days and not Casablanca, not last night.
I don't think I will, Rick.
Yes.
It doesn't matter.
It's about a girl who had just come to Paris from her home in Oslo. At the house of some friends she met a man about whom she'd heard her whole life, a very great and courageous man. He opened up for her a whole beautiful world full of knowledge and thoughts and ideals. Everything she knew or ever became was because of him. And she looked up to him and worshipped him with a feeling she supposed was love.
I don't know the finish yet.
Can I tell you a story, Rick?
I didn't count the days.
Please don't. Don't, Rick. I can understand how you feel.
I wouldn't have come if I had known that you were here. Believe me, Rick, it's true. I didn't know.
Please.
No. No, Rick. Not tonight.
I love you so much, and I hate this war so much. Oh, it's a crazy world. Anything can happen. If you shouldn't get away, I mean, if, if something should keep us apart, wherever they put you and wherever I'll be, I want you to know...
Oh, darling!
That's too far ahead to plan.
No, no. Not at my hotel. I, uh, I have things to do in the city before I leave. I'll meet you at the station, huh?
Yes, of course, we --
But be serious, darling. You are in danger and you must leave Paris.
Strange. I know so very little about you.
Was that cannon fire, or is it my heart pounding?
Ten years ago? Let's see...  ...Yes. I was having a brace put on my teeth. Where were you?
With the whole world crumbling, we pick this time to fall in love.
It's the Gestapo. They say they expect to be in Paris tomorrow.
Richard, they'll find out your record. It won't be safe for you here.
Well, only one answer can take care of all our questions.
That's easy. There was. He's dead.
Why there is no other man in my life?
Yes?
I'm willing to be overcharged. Tell me.
A franc for your thoughts.
We said "no questions."
There's still nobody in the world who can play "As Time Goes By" like Sam.
Say goodnight to Sam for me.
Yes. I put that dress away. When the Germans march out, I'll wear it again.
No.
How nice. You remembered. But of course, that was the day the Germans marched into Paris.
Play it, Sam. Play "As Time Goes By."
Play it once, Sam, for old time's sake.
You used to be a much better liar, Sam.
Does he always leave so early?
When will he be back?
Where is Rick?
Some of the old songs, Sam.
It's been a long time.
Hello, Sam.
Yes, I'm ready.  Goodbye, Rick. God bless you.
Be careful.
Yes, Yes I know. Victor, whatever I do, will you believe that I, that --
No, Victor, there isn't.
Yes, Victor, I was.
-- Yes?
Ask me?
Did he give any reason?
Yes?
Whatever I'd say, you'd carry on. Victor, why don't you tell me about Rick? What did you find out?
Don't joke. After Major Strasser's warning tonight, I am frightened.
Victor, please, don't go to the underground meeting tonight.
What happened with Rick?
He does. Could we have a table close to him?
Yes, I see. When I had trouble getting out of Lille, why didn't you leave me there? And when I was sick in Marseilles and held you up for two weeks and you were in danger every minute of the time, why didn't you leave me then?
But, Victor, if the situation were different, if I had to stay and there were only a visa for one, would you take it?
No, Victor, no.
We are only interested in two visas, Signor.
Goodnight.
Goodnight.
Be careful.
Victor, I'm afraid for you.
You are very kind.
Victor, I, I feel somehow we shouldn't stay here.
You're saying this only to make me go.
I wasn't sure you were the same. Let's see, the last time we met --
-- This is Mr. Laszlo.
Hello, Rick.
-- Is what?
Rick? Who's he?
Yes.
Captain, the boy who is playing the piano, somewhere I have seen him.
