I see.
As you see, it was true every single time. Thank heaven I found you, Berger. I am looking for a man by the name of Ugarte. He is supposed to help me.
In a concentration camp, one is apt to lose a little weight.
A champagne cocktail, please.
Mr. Berger, the ring, could I see it again?
I'm sorry. It is.
What is your name?
Thank you, but I hardly think --
Well?
Good day.
Thank you very much. Good day.
Rick?
Do you know where they are?
Yes, something.
We've decided, Signor Ferrari. For the present we'll go on looking for two exit visas. Thank you very much.
I will stay here and keep on trying. I'm sure in a little while --
Signor Ferrari thinks it might just be possible to get an exit visa for you.
You see, my dear, the word has gone around.
Are you ready Ilsa?
Of course, I'll be careful.
-- You don't even have to say it. I'll believe. Goodnight, dear.
I love you very much, my dear.
I know how it is to be lonely.  Is there anything you wish to tell me?
When I was in the concentration camp, were you lonely in Paris?
Ilsa, I --
Yes. He said, "Ask your wife." I don't know why he said that.
He suggested I ask you.
But no intention of selling them. One would think if sentiment wouldn't persuade him, money would.
Apparently he has the letters.
To tell you the truth, I am frightened too. Shall I remain here in our hotel room hiding, or shall I carry on the best I can?
I must. Besides, it isn't often that a man has a chance to display heroics before his wife.
Our faithful friend is still there.
We'll discuss it later.
And as far away from Major Strasser as possible.
I meant to, but something always held me up. I love you very much, Ilsa.
Yes, I would.
No, Ilsa, I won't let you stay here. You must get to America. And believe me, somehow I will get out and join you.
Please, Ilsa, don't be hasty.
Goodnight.
Goodnight.
I will, don't worry.
I must find out what Berger knows.
We have been in difficult places before, haven't we?
This time they really mean to stop me.
Won't you join us?
If we would walk out so soon, it would only call attention to us. Perhaps Ugarte's in some other part of the cafe.
I understand.
Yes.
Monsieur Blaine, I don't ask you to explain anything.
Everything in order?
No. It's all arranged.
But we made a deal.
I brought the money, Monsieur Blaine.
Monsieur Blaine, I don't know how to thank you.
Apparently you think of me only as the leader of a cause. Well, I am also a human being.
I know a good deal more about you than you suspect. I know, for instance, that you are in love with a woman. It is perhaps strange that we both should be in love with the same woman. The first evening I came here in this cafe, I knew there was something between you and Ilsa. Since no one is to blame, I, I demand no explanation. I ask only one thing. You won't give me the letters of transit. All right. But I want my wife to be safe. I ask you as a favor to use the letters to take her away from Casablanca.
I wonder if you do. I wonder if you know that you're trying to escape from yourself and that you'll never succeed.
You know how you sound, Monsieur Blaine? Like a man who's trying to convince himself of something he doesn't believe in his heart. Each of us has a destiny, for good or for evil.
We might as well question why we breathe. If we stop breathing, we'll die. If we stop fighting our enemies, the world will die.
Yes, rather.
Thank you.
My wife?
I beg your pardon?
There must be some reason why you won't let me have them.
I'll raise it to two hundred thousand.
Are you enough of a businessman to appreciate an offer of a hundred thousand francs?
Isn't it strange that you always happened to be fighting on the side of the underdog?
My friends in the underground tell me that you have quite a record. You ran guns to Ethiopia. You fought against the fascists in Spain.
You must know it's very important I get out of Casablanca. It's my privilege to be one of the leaders of a great movement. You know what I have been doing. You know what it means to the work, to the lives of thousands and thousands of people that I be free to reach America and continue my work.
Right.
Well, isn't there some other place? It's rather confidential, what I have to say.
Monsieur Blaine, I wonder if I could talk to you?
Good evening. You see, here we are again.
Good morning.
We'll come again.
I hope we didn't overstay our welcome.
Thank you. I try.
What for?
Won't you join us for a drink?
One hears a great deal about Rick in Casablanca.
How do you do?
Are you quite finished with us?
Nothing important, but may I speak to him now?
Yes.
-- Thank you.
I was in a German concentration camp for a year. That's honor enough for a lifetime.
Well, perhaps I shall like it in Casablanca.
Thank you.
May we proceed with the business?
I slept very well.
We'll be there.
Ilsa, I don't wish to be the one to say it, but it's late.
This is a very interesting cafe. I congratulate you.
My bill.
Very well.
No, Captain, please.
Thank you. I hope you'll forgive me, Captain, but the present French administration has not always been so cordial. May I present Miss Ilsa Lund?
Yes. What is it you want?
Yes.
Good day.
You won't dare to interfere with me here. This is still unoccupied France. Any violation of neutrality would reflect on Captain Renault.
And what if you track down these men and kill them? What if you murdered all of us? From every corner of Europe, hundreds, thousands, would rise to take our places. Even Nazis can't kill that fast.
If I didn't give them to you in a concentration camp where you had more "persuasive methods" at your disposal, I certainly won't give them to you now.
Even in Berlin.
And that is?
Is that all you wish to tell us?
Whether or not you succeed is, of course, problematical.
Captain Renault, I am under your authority. Is it your order that we come to your office?
This is hardly the time or the place.
I've never accepted that privilege, and I'm now on French soil.
I'm sure you'll excuse me if I am not gracious, but you see, Major Strasser, I'm a Czechoslovakian.
