I'm afraid Major Strasser would insist.
I can't get over you two. She was asking about you earlier, Rick, in a way that made me extremely jealous.
Well then, perhaps you also ---
Oh, you've already met Rick, Mademoiselle?
Well, Mademoiselle, he's the kind of a man that, well, if I were a woman and I...  were not around, I should be in love with Rick. But what a fool I am talking to a beautiful woman about another man.
Mademoiselle, you are in Rick's and Rick is --
He came from Paris with Rick.
Sam?
I am making out the report now. We haven't quite decided whether he committed suicide or died trying to escape.
I believe you have a message for him?
By the way, Monsieur, last night you evinced an interest in Signor Ugarte.
Monsieur, insofar as it is in my power --
And the honor of having served the Third Reich.
I am afraid not. My regrets, Monsieur.
With pleasure. Won't you sit down?
That's strange. Nobody is supposed to sleep well in Casablanca.
I am delighted to see you both. Did you have a good night's rest?
Goodnight.
Tomorrow at ten at the Prefect's office.
So it is. And we have a curfew here in Casablanca. It would never do for the Chief of Police to be found drinking after hours and have to fine himself.
Ricky, you're becoming quite human. I suppose we have to thank you for that, Mademoiselle.
Well! A precedent is being broken. Er, Emil!
No. Two champagne cocktails, please.
Let us say that it is my request. That is a much more pleasant word.
No. Please, Monsieur, it is a little game we play. They put it on the bill, I tear the bill up. It is very convenient.
I was informed you were the most beautiful woman ever to visit Casablanca. That was a gross understatement.
Merely to welcome you to Casablanca and wish you a pleasant stay. It is not often we have so distinguished a visitor.
I am Captain Renault, Prefect of Police.
Monsieur Laszlo, is it not?
Ask Monsieur Rick.
Victor Laszlo is on that plane.
But I have no excuse to close it.
But everybody's having such a good time.
I see what you mean.
A leader, like Laszlo?
I have no conviction, if that's what you mean. I blow with the wind, and the prevailing wind happens to be from Vichy.
My dear Major, we are trying to cooperate with your government, but we cannot regulate the feelings of our people.
It may interest you to know that at this very moment he is on his way here.
But we mustn't underestimate American blundering. I was with them when they "blundered" into Berlin in 1918.
If Rick has the letters, he's much too smart to let you find them there.
Mademoiselle.
You see, Major, you have nothing to worry about Rick.
Of course, one must admit he has great courage.
Rick is completely neutral about everything. And that takes in the field of women, too.
Ho, diplomatist!
Well, personally, Major, I will take what comes.
Rick, this is Major Heinrich Strasser of the Third Reich.
Especially so tonight, Major. In a few minutes you will see the arrest of the man who murdered your couriers.
May I recommend Veuve Cliquot '26, a good French wine.
Thank you. It is a pleasure to have you here, Major.
Good evening, gentlemen.
Oh, there is no hurry. Tonight he'll be at Rick's. Everybody comes to Rick's.
Realizing the importance of the case, my men are rounding up twice the usual number of suspects.
What else, my dear Major?
You may find the climate of Casablanca a trifle warm, Major.
Major Strasser, my aide, Lieutenant Casselle.
Unoccupied France welcomes you to Casablanca.
Uh huh.
And that ten thousand francs should pay our expenses.
It might be a good idea for you to disappear from Casablanca for a while. There's a Free French garrison over at Brazzaville. I could be induced to arrange a passage.
I think perhaps you're right.
Well, Rick, you're not only a sentimentalist, but you've become a patriot.
I suppose you know this isn't going to be pleasant for either of us, especially for you. I'll have to arrest you of course.
What you just did for Laszlo, and that fairy tale that you invented to send Ilsa away with him. I know a little about women, my friend. She went, but she knew you were lying.
Well I was right. You are a sentimentalist.
You think of everything, don't you?
That is my least vulnerable spot.
Call off your watch-dogs you said.
I suppose you know what you're doing, but I wonder if you realize what this means?
Put that gun down.
Have you taken leave of your senses?
Serves me right for not being musical.
Tell me, when we searched the place, where were they?
Is everything ready?
You know, this place will never be the same without you, Ricky.
Oh, he won't be followed here.
I was informed just as Laszlo was about to leave the hotel, so I knew I'd be on time.
Go ahead, Ricky.
Ricky, I'm going to miss you. Apparently you're the only one in Casablanca who has even less scruples than I.
I see. How do I know you'll keep your end of the bargain?
There's still something about this business I don't quite understand. Miss Lund, she's very beautiful, yes, but you were never interested in any woman.
It certainly would. Germany... Vichy would be very grateful.
You didn't come here to tell me this. You have the letters of transit. You can fill in your name and hers and leave any time you please. Why are you interested in what happens to Laszlo?
What friend?
Huh?
Don't count too much on my friendship, Ricky. In this matter I'm powerless. Besides, I might lose ten thousand francs.
Because one, you've bet ten thousand francs he'd escape. Two, you have the letters of transit, now don't bother to deny it. And, well, you might do it simply because you don't like Strasser's looks. As a matter of fact, I don't like him either.
Ricky, I'd advise you not to be too interested in what happens to Laszlo. If by any chance you were to help him escape --
I am shocked, shocked to find that gambling is going on in here!
Well, I forgive you this time. But I'll be in tomorrow night with a breathtaking blonde, and it will make me very happy if she loses. Uh huh!
Why do you interfere with my little romances?
As I suspected, you're a rank sentimentalist.
Who knows? In her own way she may constitute an entire second front. I think it's time for me to flatter Major Strasser a little. I'll see you later, Rick.
Huh?
Serves me right for asking a direct question. The subject is closed.
Well, I told Strasser he wouldn't find the letters here. But I told my men to be especially destructive. You know how that impresses Germans?  Rick, have you got these letters of transit?
Well, Ricky. I'm very pleased with you. Now you're beginning to live like a Frenchman.
Another precedent gone. This has been a very interesting evening. I'll call you a cab. Gasoline rationing, time of night.
Oh, no, Rick never --
Well, you were asking about Rick and here he is. Mademoiselle, may I present --
That makes Rick a citizen of the world.
And you already know Herr Heinze of the Third Reich.
Excuse me.
I have my orders.
The winning side would have paid you much better.
Oh, laugh if you will, but I happen to be familiar with your record. Let me point out just two items. In 1935 you ran guns to Ethiopia. In 1936, you fought in Spain on the Loyalist side.
Because, my dear Ricky, I suspect that under that cynical shell you're at heart a sentimentalist.
It doesn't matter. There is no exit visa for him.
I think not. I have seen the lady. And if he did not leave her in Marseilles, or in Oran, he certainly won't leave her in Casablanca.
He is traveling with a lady.
Done. No matter how clever he is, he still needs an exit visa, or I should say, two.
Make it ten. I am only a poor corrupt official.
Is that a serious offer?
This is the end of the chase.
Oh, but I just told you. --
Manages what?
It is my duty to see that he doesn't impress the other half. Rick, Laszlo must never reach America. He stays in Casablanca.
Rick, that is the first time I have ever seen you so impressed.
Victor Laszlo.
That is another reason. There is a man who's arrived in Casablanca on his way to America. He will offer a fortune to anyone who will furnish him with an exit visa.
Thank you. Rick, there are many exit visas sold in this cafe, but we know that you have never sold one. That is the reason we permit you to remain open.
How observant you are. As a matter of fact, I wanted to give you a word of advice.
Perhaps not.
You know, Rick, we could have made this arrest earlier in the evening at the Blue Parrot, but out of my high regard for you we are staging it here. It will amuse your customers.
A wise foreign policy.
If you are thinking of warning him, don't put yourself out. He cannot possibly escape.
This is no ordinary arrest. A murderer, no less.
Rick, there's going to be some excitement here tonight. We are going to make an arrest in your cafe.
Huh!
Waters? What waters? We're in the desert.
And what in heaven's name brought you to Casablanca?
The clipper to America.
The plane to Lisbon.  You would like to be on it?
You know, I think now I shall pay a call on Yvonne, maybe get her on the rebound, eh?
How extravagant you are, throwing away women like that. Someday they may be scarce.
