My dear Mademoiselle, perhaps you have already observed that in Casablanca, human life is cheap. Good night, Mademoiselle.
It is possible the French authorities will find a reason to put him in the concentration camp here.
There are only two other alternatives for him.
Uh huh. Under a safe conduct from me.
That is also true, except for one destination, to return to occupied France.
Mademoiselle, after this disturbance it is not safe for Laszlo to stay in Casablanca.
And Mademoiselle?
For the time being.
Herr Laszlo, you have a reputation for eloquence which I can now understand. But in one respect you are mistaken. You said the enemies of the Reich could all be replaced, but there is one exception. No one could take your place in the event anything unfortunate should occur to you while you were trying to escape.
You will give us the names?
Yes, even in Berlin. If you will furnish me with their names and their exact whereabouts, you will have your visa in the morning.
You know the leaders of the underground movement in Paris, in Prague, in Brussels, in Amsterdam, in Oslo, in Belgrade, in Athens.
Don't be in such a hurry. You have all the time in the world. You may be in Casablanca indefinitely... or you may leave for Lisbon tomorrow, on one condition.
Not at all. Captain Renault's signature is necessary on every exit visa.  Captain, would you think it is possible that Herr Laszlo will receive a visa?
Very well, Herr Laszlo, we will not mince words. You are an escaped prisoner of the Reich. So far you have been fortunate enough in eluding us. You have reached Casablanca. It is my duty to see that you stay in Casablanca.
Then we shall state another time and another place. Tomorrow at ten in the Prefect's office, with Mademoiselle.
I should like to discuss some matters arising from your presence on French soil.
You were a Czechoslovakian. Now you are a subject of the German Reich!
Why do you stand here? Why don't you stop him?
What is the meaning of that phone call?
Find one.
Yes, much too good a time. The place is to be closed.
You see what I mean? If Laszlo's presence in a cafe can inspire this unfortunate demonstration, what more will his presence in Casablanca bring on? I advise that this place be shut up at once.
Uh, huh. I have been thinking. It is too dangerous if we let him go. It may be too dangerous if we let him stay.
We are concerned about more than Casablanca. We know that every French province in Africa is honeycombed with traitors waiting for their chance, waiting, perhaps, for a leader.
And if it should change?
Captain Renault, are you entirely certain which side you're on?
You see, Captain, the situation is not as much under control as you believe.
As to Laszlo, we want him watched twenty-four hours a day.
You give him credit for too much cleverness. My impression was that he's just another blundering American.
I strongly suspect that Ugarte left the letters of transit with Mr. Blaine. I would suggest you search the cafe immediately and thoroughly.
Mademoiselle.
Perhaps.
I admit he is very clever. Three times he slipped through our fingers. In Paris he continued his activities. We intend not to let it happen again.
You weren't always so carefully neutral. We have a complete dossier on you.
How about New York?
Do you mind if I ask you a few questions? Unofficially, of course.
You repeat "Third Reich" as though you expected there to be others.
How do you do, Mr. Rick?
I expected no less, Captain.
Thank you.
Champagne and a tin of caviar.
Good evening, Captain.
I have already heard about this cafe, and also about Mr. Rick himself.
By the way, the murder of the couriers, what has been done?
Oh, we Germans must get used to all climates, from Russia to the Sahara. But perhaps you were not referring to the weather.
Thank you, Captain. It's very good to be here.
Get me the Radio Tower!
Hello?
I would advise you not to interfere.
Good evening, Mr. Blaine.
Victor Laszlo published the foulest lies in the Prague newspapers until the very day we marched in, and even after that he continued to print scandal sheets in a cellar.
In this case, you have no sympathy for the fox, huh?
You will forgive my curiosity, Mr. Blaine. The point is, an enemy of the Reich has come to Casablanca and we are checking up on anybody who can be of any help to us.
Aha. Who do you think will win the war?
Are you one of those people who cannot imagine the Germans in their beloved Paris?
I understand you came here from Paris at the time of the occupation.
What is your nationality?
