No doubt.
People want to believe in the system.  That's the beauty of it...
John --
You can't run --
John.  Please.  Listen to me --
John.  Just tell me, who's Leo Crow?
We're years from that.  John, I'm asking you: please, come in, we'll shut down the system until we get this thing figured out.
How could Witwer have accessed the case file?
Then come to my house.  We'll talk --
All right, John, just take a breath, let's think about this...
And who the hell is that?
Stop.  Just wait.  Who's the victim?
Justice already knows.  Talk to me, John.  Tell me what's happening?
No?  How's an old man and a cop on the whiff ever going to stop them?
You understand, John, that the minute Precrime goes national, they're going to take it away from us.
What if Danny Witwer came to you right now and insisted on a full chem run?
In the middle of the night?
I hear you've been spending a lot of time in the sprawl.
She's worried about you.  And, quite frankly, so am I.
Lara called me.
He's not.  He's looking for a flaw in us, John.
So give him a tour.  He doesn't know enough to ask the right questions.
And you say the third prevision was, what, a little fuzzy or something?
Tuck in your shirt.
You can let him look around, answer his questions, but watch him.  If there's any problems, make sure we know about it first.
I need you to do two things for me. One, watch Danny Witwer.
You understand that a week from now people are going to vote on whether or not what we've been doing down here has been some noble-minded enterprise or a chance to change the way this country fights crime.
Don't apologize, John.
And this is exactly the kind of behavior that will give them an excuse to do it.
Has the observer from Justice shown up yet?
Which makes this the worst possible time to show that we're only human.
The nation votes this week...
Tell me not to worry, John.
All right.  Tell you what I'll do. First thing Monday, I'll look over the Witwer evidence and I'll have Gideon run the Containment files, see if anyone drowned a woman named -- what did you say her name was?
But I also know why he married you: you're as stubborn as he is.
I understand.
Sean --
We know why John was tagged.
I don't know who that is.
Who?
I was, but this whole incident with John made me realize the fragility of what we've built here.  This is John's legacy as much as mine and I want to protect that.
It's insanity around here.
I haven't worn this damn thing in years.  I just wanted to make sure it fits before tonight.
This is all my fault.
Thank you.  This is Burgess.
How did you get this?
My God...
I'll be right there.
Not.  Now.
Tell him not now.
Nothing.  No footsteps coming up the stairs.  No hovercraft out the window.  No clickity click of little spyders.  No one crashing through that door.  And do you know why I don't hear any of those things, Danny?  Because right now, the Precogs can't see.
Shhh.  You know what I hear?
Yes.
We teach the tech's to identify them and disregard...
Yes... It's called an echo.  The act of murder is such a violent disturbance in the future continuum that it sometimes repeats to the Precogs.
How?
Danny, tell me what you're thinking.
I know.  He came to me, told me about the missing data stream.  He was concerned that you might find it.
I don't understand --
It's the same prevision.
He told me about this.  You got this from Containment?
Good God.  What was that?
Where are you?
What?
I don't want John Anderton hurt.
He's my subordinate!
None of your damn business.
The man lost a child, for Christ's sake...
The Mets.  John doesn't think they've got a deep enough pitching roster this year, and I'm inclined to agree.
