The female.
It's always in the more gifted of the three.
Sometimes in order to see the light, you have to risk the dark.
Actually, I think you'll have to run out, but yes, that's what you have to do.
If... you have one.
Inside the Precog who predicted it.  All you have to do is download it.
The safest place of all.
I said the record is destroyed. The original report exists for all time.  I designed the system so that whenever a report occurred, it would be stored in a safe place -- but not declared.
You shouldn't.  You shouldn't trust anyone... certainly not the Attorney General who wants it all for himself.  Not the young federal agent who wants your job.  Not even the old man who just wants to hang onto what he's created.  Don't trust anyone.  Just find the Minority Report.
Hold that thought.
But you will bring it down if you kill Leo Crow.  Why, that will be the most spectacular public display of how Precrime... didn't work.
Do you?  Really?
The system would collapse.
Yes, of course, he knew, but at the time, he felt -- we both felt their existence was... an insignificant variable.
I used to joke with Lamar that we were the mother and father of Precrime.  Well, in my experience, parents often see their children as they want them to be, not as they are.
I'm saying that every so often those accused of a precrime might, just might, have an alternate future.
Obviously, for Precrime to function, there can't be any suggestion of fallibility.  After all, what good is a Justice system that instills doubt?  It may be reasonable, but it's still doubt.
Because these Minority Reports are destroyed the instant they occur.
Most of the time, all three Precognitives will see an event in the same way.  But once in a while, one of them will see things differently than the other two.
I can't help you.  No one can.  The Precogs are never wrong.
How can you avoid a man you've never met?
And, yet, a chain of events has started.  A chain that will lead inexorably to his death.
So many of them... despite what we did for them.  Or maybe because of what we did to them.  It doesn't matter.  It's a perfect system now, isn't it?
Back then, he was still a DA, and quite a few parents of my patients had passed through his courtroom. You have to understand, these people were the dregs of society. But once they saw their children... he decided he would do whatever he could for them.  He's that way, you know, paternal about certain things.  Precrime.  The precogs. You.
It began as play.  A guessing game like you play with any toddler, except these children always guessed right.  And then the nightmares started. They were all different, but all the same.  They were all about murder.  And the murders were all happening.
You think the three in the tank come from a test tube?  They're merely the ones who survived.
The innocents we now use to stop the guilty.
I'm not.  I was trying to heal them, not turn them into... something else.
If the unintended consequences of a series of genetic mistakes and science gone haywire can be called invention, then yes, I invented precrime.
And how would I know that?
Just what is it you think I can do for you?
You have three minutes to tell me what you're doing here before I feed you to a few of my more predacious plants.
The vine -- the Baneberry that scratched you during your illegal climb over my wall...
Yes, I'm afraid that would be from the Doll's Eye.
Something wrong?
