Possession alone will cost you six months, not to mention your badge.
It seems I've found a flaw, John  You.
I'll write the paranoia off to the whiff you been doping on all night.
I agree.  The system is perfect. If there's a flaw, it's human.  It always is.  Thank you for the tour, Wally.
Flaws.
At least now you -- and I -- have the chance to make sure that kind of thing doesn't happen to anyone ever again.
I don't know.  He was shot and killed when I was fourteen on the steps of his church in Bethesda.
Sorry.  Old habit.  I spent three years at Fuller Seminary before I became a cop.  My father was a minister.  Lutheran.
The oracle isn't where the power is anyway.  The power's always been with the priests.  Even if they had to invent the oracle.
But you call this room the "temple".
I find it interesting that some people have begun to deify the precogs.
I have a warrant in my pocket that says different.
If it's a question of authority.
So I'll be the first one to go in then?
Really?  You've never been inside?
To them.
Speaking of interfacing, I'd love to say hello.
Then why can't they see rapes, or assaults... or suicides?
You ever get any false positives? Someone intends to kill his boss or his wife, but they never go through with it.  How do the precogs tell the difference?
Yes.
Because it was going to fall.
But it's not the future if you stop it.  Isn't that a fundamental paradox?
You mind if I tag along?
As I recall, they outlawed compression firearms in the District ten years ago.
Your secretaries were all kind enough to give me a look around the office...
What?
Of course, it would have to be someone with access to the Prevision in the first place, someone fairly high up --
So there is a way to fool the system?
Precog Deja Vu...
By fooling the system.  All someone would have to do is wait for Precrime to stop the murder from taking place, then, a few minutes later, commit the crime in exactly the same way.
I'm thinking someone got away with murder.
I did find it.  It was inside of Agatha all this time.  So the question is, why would someone want this erased from the data file?
According to the Sentry, Anderton was watching this at Containment right before he was tagged.
This murder is happening at two different times.
Now the second image.  Watch the water.  The wind's changed.  The ripples are going the other way.
Not quite.
Yes.  This is from the twins, Arthur and Dashiel.  Agatha's stream was missing.  Now this one is from the cyberparlor.  Anderton downloaded it directly from Agatha. Watch...
Wait, just a second...
I don't wanna say over the phone, but I think we may be chasing the wrong man.
Lamar, I found something.
Shall we call the Attorney General? I'm sure he'd be happy to clarify the issue for you.
Oh, it's all my damn business now, Lamar.  Investigation of a supervising office for a capital crime falls under federal jurisdiction... so as to rule out any possibility of conspiracy.  He's my suspect.
Six years ago.  What did you two talk about yesterday afternoon?
Why are you protecting him?  You knew he was doping, yet you did nothing about it.
He came to see you yesterday. Right before he got tagged.  What did you talk about?
None.  This was arranged.
I worked homicide before I went federal.  This is what we would've called an "orgy of evidence".  Do you know how many orgies I had as a homicide copy, Gordon?
Treasury... Then this would be your first actual murder scene.
What kind of cop were you before this?
If you were a child killer, you took these pictures, would you leave them out on the bed for anyone to find?
There a maid in this hotel?
No.  He can't...
He's trying to prove his innocence.
She's in the room with him when he kills Crow.  She's already a part of his future.
It doesn't matter.  He wins.
There are two others in the room besides Anderton and Crow.
Because he thinks he's innocent.
Anderton's smart enough to go where electronic billboards and other media can't ID him to pick his pocket.  There's fewer consumers down there, which means fewer scanners to target him.
There's thousands of units like this one.
Yes, I know.
Actually, Gordon, you're not gonna do that.  I'm taking control of the team.
Somehow, I don't think that was Walt Whitman.
I'm sure you've all grasped the legalistic drawback to precrime methodology.
People have gotten the message.  Gum?
Can't they shut that off?
So if you wanna kill someone, you take him to Miami.
Nice to meet you.  Gum?
But I've seen the three hundred hours of your image he's got stored away.
To prevent a murder.  Sooner or later, he's going to contact you.
You know I need to use you.
Lamar Burgess thinks that you left John because he lost himself in Precrime instead of you.
Not very well, I'm sure.  I'd probably start doping myself.  Or maybe I'd...
He took out his gun and sat down to watch his home movies.  This is all in your statement, Lara...
What was it then?
You said in your divorce papers that he tried to kill himself.
But John was with him at the pool?
You mean after he lost your son.
Have you been there recently?
So you haven't seen his apartment?
You ever heard him mention the name Leo Crow?
Thank you.  He hasn't tried to contact you?
He's not here now, is he?
Just sugar then.  You and John ever come here?
Cream and sugar.
I like it.
This your work?
My name is Danny Witwer.  I'm --
Jesus...
Are you telling me they can't see murders anymore?
Wally, the other two can still function, right?
But there's still the other two.
What does he want with a precog?
Tell me how all this works.
Nice to meet you, Wally.
