So this really does the trick, eh?
How are they with kids?
Safety?
You test each one thoroughly?
Oh -- uh -- girlfriend.
Well, it's for a woman.
I'm looking for some perfume.
There's so much I want to say to her, it's all jumbled up in my mind, and I don't want her to misunderstand --
I <u>know</u>.  I just feel that the relationship has reached that delicate stage where the slightest little thing could wreck the careful groundwork I've laid up till now.
Right.
I should.
Yeah, maybe you're right. Everything else is just an excuse. I'm treating the situation with kid gloves because I'm afraid of losing her.
Oh no -- I mean, she's genuinely made me more fulfilled in many ways -- and I hope eventually to be able to teach her a few things, too.  What I mean is, I guess I'm still waiting for just that right -- synthesis between us -- where everything will be understood between us without even the need for words.
I've cultivated her interests so that now we have even more in common than ever.
Things are beginning to come to a head.  I can feel it.  And I want everything to be perfect.
-- a sense of proportion.
That would be stupid.
No, no, no, no.
I understand that.
Well, we talked about the whole disapproval thing.
I am.  I'm really feeling pretty good.  I have a much stronger sense of how far I've come.
Oh, fine.  She's gone away for a little while and when she comes back I've sort of resolved to really tell her how much I care for her.
I guess so.  I mean, I know I'm responsible for my own actions. It was never because I was angry with anyone.  I didn't mean to hurt anyone ever.
When I was a child... I got used to the closets.  The boxes.  The cabinet under the kitchen sink... with that persistent drip.  I used to the smell of the boxes. Wood.  Cardboard.  I got so I was comfortable there in the dark. Even... even that old refrigerator in the yard.  That smelled like rust and decay.  It was safe in the boxes.  It was when they took me out --
Yeah, things are moving along, but she's still involved with this other guy and it's a little tricky.
Actually, I have met someone. There's a woman I think I like.
-- institution.
Yeah, since I was a kid.  I had a woodwork class once when I was... in school that time.  Then I learned a lot more when I was in the --
Well, I've been doing a little independent contracting, some carpentry here and there, y'know, do-it-yourself-type stuff.  I still find it very soothing.
Right.
Oh, it's nothing.  No problem. I was really lucky to find this place.
It's great.  It's clean and airy and quiet -- there are trees and flowers.  There's still some fixing up I have to do, but it's coming along.
About us.
I think we should talk first.
It is tomorrow.
Yeah, you know, that in life you really have to choose what you want to do.
I was thinking about our conversation the other day -- what you said about choices.
What happened?
I was driving by -- I saw all the cars.  Are you all right?
Because you <u>were</u> pretty?
I was alone a lot as a child.  No one to compete with.  My parents ensured that I found happiness in the smallest things.  When you're all alone it's your own world, you don't have to take orders from anybody.  You don't necessarily believe the stories people tell you.
Yeah, I've always been able to make my way in the world.  I don't like having to rely on other people.
Uh, no -- I've never really found the time to settle down.
It's a living.
An occupational hazard, I'm afraid.
-- General handyman, yeah.  I do carpentry, too, painting, almost any odd job around the house.  I do housesitting while the owners are away.  In fact, that's why I've been in the area.  I've been living very close by.  Here's the part that's giving you trouble, but I won't be able to get a replacement till the stores open tomorrow morning.
Isn't that always the way?
Just show me the way.
Yeah, that was easy.
Maybe I could take a look at it now.
Sure.
