It's not <i>exactly</i> him.
We found his spit in the dead director's eye. He's signed a confession--supplied us with the suit he wore on the night.  What more do you want?
Positive saliva match.  The cup was definitely used since the original sweep.
Where do we start?
From what budget?
We don't have the manpower.
He's not here.  It's a blind alley.
That's the last.
You know their workforce.  Two-thirds at least fall into the category.  We'll be closing down their operation for days.  At least go with a fingertip sample or urine.
None of the ID photos match the enhancement.
It is hard to believe he could be one of their elite workers.  You've seen their security system.  They know who works there.  Even if you ignore the man's expiration date, his profile suggests that he doesn't have the mathematical propensity let alone the stamina to pass their physicals.
It's still possible the eyelash specimen came from a janitor, delivery man--it could have blown in through an open window.
No.  But one or two "borrowed ladders" have shown up there in the past.
The skin flake was found in Michael's Restaurant. The employees are all accounted for.
We're already getting complaints about frivolous search.
With respect, Sir, many perfectly innocent citizens have left specimens at as many crime scenes.  Maybe he's just unlucky.
Is there something more we should know about this suspect, Sir?  I mean besides what's on his sheet.
This <i>is</i> the most likely location--
What a pity.
I'll run a crossover on the eyelash for any family or associate connections--
Of course that doesn't jibe with what we found.  This was an angry killing.
Even if this Vincent Luca <i>is</i> alive, is it likely he could bludgeon a man to death?
According to this, he's a sick man.  Congenital heart condition.  Who knows how long the specimen has been here but there's an 80 percent chance the owner of that eyelash has already died himself from natural causes.
With respect, Sir--it may be the only unaccountable specimen but the profile suggests--
I look around, I see a lot of dry eyes. The Director was not...  ...universally loved.  He was leading the cut-backs in the program.  You're looking at a room full of motives.
Of course, Sir.  We're checking the entry log, alibis, grudges...
I don't understand why you were dragged out here, Sir.  It's hardly worth wasting your time--a no-nothing case like this.
