Intestines.
Oh yes, always.
What just happened?
That's one way of putting it.
Exactly --
I'm thinking that if the black Book Of The Dead can bring people back to life --
In the necropolis, when I saw him, - alive,... walking, he called me Anck- su-namun. And then in Mister Burns' quarters he tried to kiss me.
And you think this justifies killing innocent people!?
What is he doing here?
See the cartouche there, it's the official royal seal of Seti the First, I'm sure of it.
You put up with me, because I can read and write ancient Egyptian, decipher hieroglyphs and hieratic, and I'm the only person within a thousand miles who knows how to properly code and catalogue this library.
I'm sorry, it was an accident.
Do you realize, we are standing inside a room that no one has entered in over four thousand years.
What are you doing here?
Twenty.
Yes and if you cut him down, we will give you ten percent.
I would never!
Three hundred pounds!
Two hundred pounds.
I will give you one hundred pounds to spare his life.
I am an English woman.
Where are they taking him?
And what did he say?
And what is he in prison for?
Yes, I know, and I'd like to keep them.
I have no choice.
Got it!
I think you were jealous
You called me your girl?
The creature!? Are you sure!?
I'm staying.
That's what I am to you? A contract?
It's everybody's problem!
According to that Book, once this creature has been reborn, his curse will spread, and as he grows in strength, so will his curse grow, infecting the people until the whole of the earth is destroyed.
Then we'll have to find some immortal ones.
Alright then, Me, I,... I read the book, I woke him up and I intend to stop him.
No we are not. We woke him up, and we must try and stop him.
No, we are not.
Having an encounter with a four thousand year old walking-talking corpse tends to convert one.
It's just a book, no harm ever came from a book.
Yes, they never used it because they feared it so. It's written, that if a victim of the HOM-DAI should ever arise, he would bring with him the ten plagues of Egypt.
According to my readings, our friend suffered the HOM-DAI, the worst of all ancient Egyptian curses, one reserved for only the most evil blasphemers. In all of my research, I've never read of this curse actually having been performed.
Very slowly.
No. I've never seen a mummy look like this. He's, he's still...
Oh my god, I've dreamed about this ever since I was a little girl.
No... Why?... Should I?
Why would I do that?
I'm not?
I'm going to kiss you, Mister O'Connell.
I may not be an explorer, or an adventurer, or a treasure hunter, or a gunfighter! Mister O'Connell But I'm proud of what I am.
Egypt is in my blood. My father was a famous explorer, he loved Egypt so much that he married an Egyptian. My mother! Who was quite an adventurer herself
I know, you're wondering, what's a place like me doing in a girl like this?
No. I believe if I can see it and I can touch it, then it's real. That's what I believe.
You two!
How?
A key! That's it! That's what he was talking about.
Quarried granite with a cobalt lining.
They didn't, they buried him at the foot of Anubis. He was either someone of great importance. Or he did something very naughty.
Oh my god,... it looks like, it looks like a sarcophagus.
You two are worse than a couple of schoolboys.
For entering the afterlife.
Oh my god, It's a preparation room.
Ancient Egyptian trick. You'll see.
According to Bembridge Scholars, inside the statue of Anubis was a secret compartment, perhaps containing The Book Of The Living.
That "thing" gets me excited.
For what?
Are you sure?
Well of course I can swim, if the occasion calls for it.
Oh that's comforting.
You know your history.
I don't believe in fairy tales and hokum, Mister O'Connell, but I do believe that one of the most famous books in history is buried out there, The Book Of The Living. It's what first interested me in Egypt as a child. It's why I came here, sort of a life's pursuit.
Ahmar is Ossirion. "Passageway to the underworld", actually.
Yes, I'm hoping to find a certain artifact, a book, actually, my brother thinks there's treasure. What do you think is out there?
Did I miss something? Are we going into battle?
If you call that a kiss.
The only thing that scares me, Mister O'Connell, are your manners.
Twenty-five percent, and not one single farthing more.
Yes.
Could you tell me how to get there? The exact location?
What did you find? What did you see?
No, I mean --
You swear?
Yes, well...  I know my brother.
You were actually at Hamunaptra?
How do you know the box pertains to Hamunaptra?
No?
We uh,... found... your puzzle box, and we've come to ask you about it.
Broad?!
Ah! Ah! Ahmenophus!
What's it look like!?
Finish the inscription, idiot!
Read the inscription on the cover!
Shut-up and get me off of here!
Yes. He's more than four thousand years old and still decomposing.
Well neither do I, thank you.
I can't believe I allowed the two of you to get me drunk.
What do you suppose killed him?
It's called mummification. You're dead when they do this
According to my calculations, we should be right under the statue. We'll come up right between his legs.  Oh my.
After all, you rode us night and day to win that bet.
Personally, I think he's filthy, rude and a complete scoundrel. I don't like him one bit.
Do you really think he'll show up?
But he's just a filthy criminal?
You stole it from a drunk at the local Casbah?!
I'm your sister.
You lied to me!
You told me you found it on a dig down in Thebes!
All we know is that the city mysteriously vanished around 2,134 B.C.
Yes. The City of The Dead. Where the early Pharaohs were said to have hidden the wealth of Egypt.
He was the last Pharaoh of the Old Kingdom, said to be the wealthiest Pharaoh of them all.
I think you found something.
Jonathan?
Oh no, not another worthless trinket, Jonathan, if I bring one more piece of junk to the Curator to try and sell for you.
Well I wish you'd do it sooner rather than later, before you ruin my career the way you've ruined yours.
Have you no respect for the dead?
You...! YOU...!
