<u>Every</u> year is a good year.
You know what I love about wine that comes in bottles like this?
It's not Victorian, everyone thinks that the whole nineteenth century was Victorian.  This is gothic, this is English Craftsman, this is Romanesque.  This is... insane.  Who lives here?
Greetings fellow insomniac.
Modelling small-group dynamics in the formation of narrative hallucinations.  You brought us here to scare us.  Insomnia, that was just a decoy issue.  You're disgusting.
It's somebody's idea of a joke.
I did okay.
Come on.  These are the typically sentimental gestures of a depraved industrialist.
Who's Watts?
Obsessive worrier.  Join the club.  And you?  I'd guess...
And what kind of sleeper?
Hi, Luke Sanderson, bad sleeper, I'm your basic tosser-turner, and you are...
You're not telling us something.
It's not going to hold your weight.
She got the child labor stuff from me.
Is that the question of compassion or science?
Do we still get paid for the week?
There's a carriage house around back.
Do you need me anymore?  Cause I'm going to bed.  They can stay up talking another 45 minutes if they want, but I gotta try to get some sleep.
Why?
Sure.
That could have been worse.
So why did you need the Addam's Family mansion for a scientific test?
Greetings.
We can't stay here looking for her.  She doesn't want to be found...
Where in the hell can she be.
-- how much is this car worth?
You used the wrong test.
You want company?
All night?
You don't really believe it's haunted... Do you believe in ghosts?
The whole thing feels like experimental misdirection.  Like he says it's about one thing, a psychological profile of environmental effects on insomnia... and that'd be a legitimate study, but I think that we've been subjected to an academic bait and switch; he's really looking at something else.
So could you!  Is this some fucked up idea of art, putting someone else's name to a painting?
I didn't do it.
Well, this lot is full!
Hey!  I heard screaming...
He said that Hugh Crain... Hugh Crain was a monster.  He said that he was a brutal, horrible man.  He told me that Crain drove his workers to early deaths.  Crain had children chained to the looms in his mill.  And listen to this: his beautiful Rene killed herself.
Nah, you're going crazy with doubt, all of your mistakes are coming back up the pipes, and it's worse than a nightmare. --
