What kind of stuff?
What would you say?
Why?
I see. Tell me, Harold, do you remember your father at all?
Very well.  Now your mother tells me she is arranging several dates for you with some young ladies. How do you feel about that?
We are not relating today, Harold. I sense a definite resistance. A lack of true and helpful communication. I find you a very interesting case, Harold, but this reluctance of yours is detrimental to the psycho-analytical process, and can only hinder the possibility of effective treatment. Do you understand?
Then why did you leave?
Your studies?
Your classmates?
You liked your teachers?
I see.  Were you happy at school, Harold?
Is this a friend you had when you were away at school?
Would you care to talk about this friend?
None at all?
You don't seem to be listening. I asked do you have any friends?
Harold?
That's very interesting, Harold, and I think very illuminative. There seems to be a definite pattern emerging.  Your fondness for useless machines and demolitions seems indicative of your present emotional state, your self-destructive urges and your alienation from the regular social interaction. What do you think? And of course this pattern once isolated can be coped with. Recognize the problem and you are half way on the road to its solution. But tell me, what do you do for <u>fun</u>? What activity gives you a different sense of enjoyment than the others? What do you find fulfilling? What gives you that certain satisfaction?
What else do you like?
Is it the machines? The noise? The people?
I see. Junkyards. What is the fascination there?
Yes. What kind of things do you do?
Oh. Well, how do you spend your day?
What about the draft?
I'm sure. But what else do you do with your time? Do you go to school?
Ah, yes.
Why?
Does that worry you?
No, I suppose not. How do you feel about your mother?
And were they all done for your mother's benefit?
Fifteen.
Just give me a rough estimate.
And why is that?
Tell me, Harold, how many of these, eh, suicides have you performed?
