I once had to judge a Theta Chi Tighty- Whitey contest. Trust me -- I can handle anything.
I don't need backups. Harvard is the school I'm going to.
I have a 4.0.
That's right.
Enrique's gay. I'm sure of it.
I believe you! Don't worry.
No!
I know! You helped me go from a six to a four!
How?
Whatever it is -- it could save you.
Who could better understand than me?
He means well. He's really brilliant and all.
Are you okay? You look so sad... and so orange.
Sort of.
I'm a Delta Gamma and I'm a huge fan of yours!
You, however, had time to hide the gun, didn't you, Chutney? After you shot your father?
And if you in fact, heard the gunshot, then Brooke Windham wouldn't have had time to hide the gun before you got downstairs. Which would mean that you would've had to have found Mrs. Windham with a gun in her hand to make your story sound plausible. Isn't that right?
That's right. Because isn't the first cardinal rule of perm maintenance that you are forbidden to wet your hair for at least twenty-four hours after getting a perm at the risk of de-activating the ammonium thiglycolate?
Chutney, why is it that Tracy Marcinko's curls were ruined when she got hosed down?
You know, a girl in my sorority, Tracy Marcinko, got a perm once. Even though we all told her not to. Curls really weren't the right look for her --  She didn't have your bone structure.
How many, would you say?
Yes, Your Honor. Had you ever gotten a perm before, Miss Windham?
Where you got in the shower.
Miss Windham, can you tell us what you'd been doing earlier in the day?
But you didn't hear the shot, because you were in the shower.
So at some point in the -- twenty minutes you were in the shower, your father was shot?
Did you hear a shot fired?
But Mrs. Windham didn't have a gun?
And when you came downstairs, what happened?
Okay -- Ms. Windham, when you uh arrived back at the house? Was your father there?
Tell him, Paulette.
Due to the fact that you retained the residence, Ms. Bonafante is entitled to full ownership of the canine property in question and we will be enforcing said ownership immediately.
I'm Elle Woods. Ms. Bonafante's attorney.
Dewey Newcomb?
But you agreed last night. In the office? When we were discussing my "career"?
Yes, I am.
So everything you just said --
You're hitting on me?
Not really. I know how competitive it all is --
I'm sorry, but --
Thank you.
Is everything okay?
Thank you!
He's gay -- he isn't Brooke's lover! He's making it up. Whoever killed Heyworth is paying him off.
I promised her I'd keep it secret. I can't break the bonds of sisterhood!
Yes. But I can't tell you what it is.
All I know is -- it's not Brooke.
See?
Forget it. I've already spent too many hours crying over you.
For what? Breaking my heart or ruining sex for me with any other man?
We spend a beautiful night together and then I never hear from you again?
Why didn't you call me?
He chose them already?
What's going on?
What's the point of staying? All people see when they look at me is blonde hair and big boobs. No one's ever going to take me seriously. The people at law school don't, Warner doesn't -- I don't even think my parents take me seriously. They wanted me to grow up and become a Victoria's Secret model who marries a rock star. Now, for the first time, it seemed like someone expected me to do something better with my life than wear underwear for a living. But I was kidding myself -- Donovan didn't see me as a lawyer. He saw me as a piece of ass just like everyone else. It turns out, I am a joke.
Great. Donovan actually said the words "Good work, Ms. Woods". He takes me seriously! Can you believe it?
I'm so happy for you!
Trust me. You've got the equipment, you just need to read the manual.
I am. And I'm looking at a beautiful, fabulous, sexy woman.
Have you ever considered asking him if he'd like a cold beverage? Or perhaps a neck massage?
So, this is the only interaction you two have ever had?
I feel so bad for her. I mean, she's in jail! And she's innocent. But I'm the only one who believes her. Donovan totally thinks she's guilty.
Look at him. He's still scratching his head.
Yes, you are. Go -- you can do this.
You ready?
I couldn't help it! It was the most fun I've had since I've been in law school. Not only was I good enough for Warner -- I was better than him. He has to see serious I am now. Even Donovan was impressed, and he's a total hard-ass.
Definitely! I love him!
She could use some mascara and some serious highlights, but she's not completely unfortunate-looking.
She's from Connecticut. She belongs to his stupid country club.
That's terrible!
No!
What'd you do?
Well, what am I supposed to do? He's engaged! She's got the family six- carat on her bony, unpolished finger.
You can't even imagine.
Delta. Gamma.
I'm her sister.
Uh -- family.
I'm here to see Brooke Windham.
You're pawning The Rock?!
Yes, he is.
Yes, you are.
What?
Really?
You're kidding!
I know. He has it sent out.
Really? Thanks.
It's not my alibi to tell --
Too bad you and I are the only ones.
Although Mr. Huntington makes an excellent point, I have to wonder if the defendant kept a thorough record of each sperm emission made throughout his life?
Oh, God, was this like an RSVP thing?
You know her?
Not yet.
I can't believe you guys are actually here -- but this case is important. I'll make it up to you after finals, okay? I -- promise. I really want to do a good job.
Margot!
I will...
No way --
What?!
Power yoga?
Why, yes, Margot, I do. Once again, we joined Hope in the search for her identity. As you know, she's been brainwashed by the evil Stefano --
Your scrunchie?
I have the highest GPA in Delta Gamma!
Once Warner sees me as a serious law student, he'll want me back. It's a completely brilliant plan!
So?
Thank you. I love you, too.
I don't know! Everything was normal at first and then he said he needed someone more --  Serious!
What if -- you know -- it's not the night?
Well, I don't want to look like I know what's coming...
Too demure?
You think?
You guys are so sweet!
Is he the only one?
Then, forget it. Besides, I have an early class tomorrow.
Are you asking me on a date?
Oh, my God!
Going back to LA. Maybe I can fulfill my destiny as a useless bimbo and join the Swedish Bikini Team. No more navy blue suits. No more panty- hose. No more trying to be something I'm not.
Law school was a mistake. Getting this internship was a mistake.
I'm quitting.
Gay men know designers. Straight men don't.
He's gay! Enrique is gay!
For a butt-head? Yes.
Fine. Sorry I brought it up.
Well, you should -- If you look good, you feel good and if you feel good, you project joy into the world.
The bags under your eyes. You're an attractive man, but you need to take better care of yourself.
Exactly how much gorilla sex do you think a sixty-year-old man can take?
If she were a true blonde, she would've left the cheating bastard. Blondes don't let their husbands get fellated by brunettes and live to tell about it.
That is a direct result of anti- blonde discrimination!
It would be a full-service law firm, by and for blondes, providing positive blonde role models and community outreach in high blonde areas. I mean, think about it -- name one blonde intellectual role model.
Blondes are discriminated against worldwide! Brooke's a blonde, and people are saying she's sleeping with the cheesy pool boy and shooting her husband. If she was a mousy brunette, it would be, "Oh, the poor widow."
I never trust a woman who's not blonde. Except for my friend Serena, but that's only because she's a blonde at heart. That's the whole reason I'm starting the Blonde Legal Defense Fund.
Did you see the icky black color of her hair?
You're going to trust the word of a woman who named her child after a condiment? She's ly-ing.
She's not!
Mrs. Windham Vandermark?
No, she can't move for an hour.
Maybe not to your face...
Because people aren't always what they seem to be and you refuse to see that. Have a little faith. You might be surprised.
You're kind of being a butt-head right now.
But maybe it's not what you think.
A) He's an old man with a really big penis. B) She never told me I was fat. And C) Victoria Principal sells on that network.
Why?
Aside from that.
Explain to me why you're so anti- Brooke.
My money's on the angry daughter or the ex-wife.
Don't ask.
Thanks again for your help!
Wow. I'm glad I met you.
Donovan, Royalton and Levinson.
Neat.
Did she do that to you, too?
And if you don't know the answer, they just kick you out?
Do they just -- put you on the spot like that? Like, all the time?
I can't believe you're a Laker Girl!
You guys -- I can't. We're in the middle of a trial.
What're you doing here?!
Really --
What?
I miss you guys! The people here are so vile! Hardly anyone even talks to me unless it's to say something that's not nice. Law school sucks!
Almost.
Calvin Klein's spring line is atrocious. Don't you agree?
Girls -- I'm going to Harvard!
I don't know! I don't know anything any more!  I just need to be by myself.
I just don't understand what went wrong --
Thank you, Serena, but I don't think it'll do any good.
No -- it's just -- not me.
But I'm not positive it's gonna happen tonight --
Of course, I do!
Maybe she found him like that.
She could make you drop three pounds in one class. She's completely gifted!
She was a Delta Gamma! Not in my pledge class or anything -- she graduated five years ahead of me. But I used to take her class at the LA Sports Club. She's amazing!
And engraved... Gives it that extra little something, doesn't it?  See you tomorrow!
I do.
I don't know --
I did?
I changed my mind. I'd pick the dangerous one.
I'd rather have a client who's innocent.
Neither.
I guess it'll have to...
You know -- mixers, formals, beach trips.
Wait -- my social events schedule is missing.
Has Warner Huntington checked in yet?
Huh. Imagine that. Looks like I am.
In court. On opposing sides.
Really?
Thanks for the backup.
See?
I gave her my word, Warner.
Thank you.
But what? We took the same LSAT, we take the same classes --
Am I on glue, or did I not get into the same law school you did, Warner?
Tell me about it. I can't imagine doing all this and Donovan's internship next year.
I feel like we've barely spent any time together since we got here.
Thank you. Having fun?
I'm sorry, I just hallucinated.
Do anything exciting?
Fine. Except for this horrible girl who made me look bad in front of my Civ Pro professor. But no biggie. You're here now.  How was your summer?
Oops! Time for class. Meet me after? On the benches?
What, like it's that hard?
Harvard. Law school.
No, silly. I go here.
I'm seriously in love with you -- Isn't that enough?
Just because I'm not a Vanderbilt, all of a sudden I'm white trash? I grew up in Bel Air, Warner! Across the street from Aaron Spelling! I think most people would agree that's way better than a Vanderbilt --
So you're breaking up with me because you're afraid your family won't like me?  Everybody likes me!
How can it be the right thing if we're not together?
No.
Then what? My boobs are too big?
You're breaking up with me because I'm too -- blonde?
You're breaking up with me?!  I thought you were proposing.
I completely agree.
And I fully support that.
Of course.
I'm fully amenable to that discussion.
So are you!
