That's not what's important.
He's an ass that's gonna try.
He's the top defense attorney in the state. Of course he's an ass.
What do you think?
Someone missed you.
So Friday at eight?
As long as you realize I'm not just some man-toy you can show off like a trophy.
Up for a celebration dinner?
Oh, my God!!
What if you're trying to be something you are? The hell with Donovan. Stay.
So now you're -- ?
What're you talking about? You earned it --
Whoa -- Why?
Hey --
Back up. How do you know he's gay?
What?!
You really think I'm attractive?
Projecting joy is not my job.
I don't --  Do that stuff.
What the hell is that for?
That's not really a topic that keeps me up at night -- but maybe it should.
In that case, maybe Heyworth got fellated by a brunette and Brooke caught him.
Wait -- Hilary Clinton.
I can't.
Okay, how would it work?
You're serious?
The what?
So?
And you know this for a fact?
How can you still believe she's innocent?
Did your daughter ever say anything to you about Brooke and Heyworth's relationship?
We're here from Austen, Platt, Jaret & Donovan --
Damn. We can't see her for an hour?
I can't believe you called me a butthead. No one's called me a butt- head since ninth grade.
How do you figure?
But maybe it is --
And D) Brooke is obviously hiding something.
She married an old man, she's made a living on telling women they're too fat, she hawks her crap on the Home Shopping Network...
She's completely untrustworthy.
Uh, for starters, she won't give us an alibi --
Okay, if Brooke didn't kill the guy, who did?
I wasn't gonna --
Good luck.
And make sure you read the footnotes in Levinson's class. That's where all her exam questions come from.
Speak up in Donovan's class. He likes people with an opinion. Sit in the back for Royalton. He tends to spit when he talks about products liability.
Don't worry. It gets better. Who else do you have?
No, but she made me cry once. Not in class -- I waited until I got to my room, but yeah, she can pretty much shrivel your balls -- or you know, your whatevers.
You have Stromwell.
The professors? Yeah, they tend to do that. Socratic method.
And what is your boyfriend's name?
And how long have you been sleeping with Mrs. Windham?
Where?
Did you ever take Mrs. Windham on a date?
Hovering?
Why do you say that?
I' m sure that was very awkward for Chutney.  Much as it is for me, hearing you tell about it.
Well, that's what we're trying to prove didn't happen. Do you have any reason to believe it did?
She's naked.
