You all look the same to me.
And you are?
Hurry!
I know, Trinity.  Don't worry.  He's going to make it.
Five minutes.  Maybe six.
He's beginning to believe.
We have no choice.
Give me your phone.
We found him, Trinity.  We finally found him.
Shit!  Apoc?
Go.
You have to focus.  There is a phone.  Wells and Lake.  You can make it.
Yes.
I know.  They cut the hardline. This line is not a viable exit.
She told you exactly what you needed to hear.  That's all.  Sooner or later, Neo, you're going to realize just like I did the difference between knowing the path and walking the path.
Trinity!  Go!  Get to the basement. Find the catch basin!
I know.  That is why it is so important for you to go.  Please, Neo, I'm asking you to find whatever respect you may have for me and trust me.
Listen to me, Neo.  I know why you're afraid to go through that door.  You can't get free of thinking that I could be wrong.  You must believe me.  There is a greatness inside of you, Neo.  A greatness that is going to lift you to unimaginable heights and that in time will change the world.
No.  I did not.  I have never told anyone this, Neo.  After I saw the Oracle I thought... no, I misunderstood what she told me.  I believed that it was all about me. That I would find the One, not that he would find me.
Yes I do.
Faith is beyond the reach of whys and why nots.  These things are not a matter of cause and effect, Neo. I do not believe things with my mind.  I believe them with my heart. In my gut.
That's why we're here.
What do you believe in?
Why?
That I would find the One.
Yes.
Don't think of it in terms of right and wrong.  She is a guide, Neo. She can help you find the path.
She is a true psychic.  She sees beyond the relativity of time.  For her there is no past, present or future.  There is only what is.
She would say she knows enough.
Of the Resistance.
Yes.  She's very old.  She's been with us since the beginning.
Set down in there.
No, Neo.  I'm trying to tell you that when you're ready, you won't have to.
I've seen an agent punch through a concrete wall.  Men have emptied entire clips at them and hit noting but air.  Yet as powerful as they are, their speed and strength are but tethers to the rules of an unreal world.  Because of this, they will never be as strong or as fast as you can be.
Every attempt to fight them has ended in failure.  Only a handful of men and women have ever crossed an agent and lived because they are everyone and they are no one. Unkillable.  But now I believe that is going to change.
Look again.
No you don't.  Did you see the woman in the red dress?
Do you understand, Neo?
This is another Matrix simulation. A training program to help you get your sea legs and teach you one very important lesson.
The body cannot live without the mind.
Your mind makes it real.
Do you know why you didn't make it?
I'm trying to free your mind, Neo, but all I can do is show you the door.  You're the one that has to step through.  Tank, load the jump program.
Do you think my being faster, stronger has anything to do with my muscles in this place?
How did I beat you?
Show me.
Your training.
Get some rest.  You're going to need it.
I didn't say that it would be easy, Neo.  I just said that it would be the truth.
Yes.  A singular consciousness that spawned an entire race of machines. I must say I find it almost funny to imagine the world slapping itself on the back, toasting the new age.  I say almost funny.
We have only bits and pieces of information.  What we know for certain is that, at some point in the early Twenty-first Century, all of mankind was united in celebration.  Through the blinding inebriation of hubris, we marveled at our magnificence as we gave birth to A.I.
What is real?  How do you define real?  If you're talking about your senses, what you feel, taste, smell, or see, then all you're talking about are electrical signals interpreted by your brain.
Wild, isn't it?
You believe the year is 1997 when in fact it is much closer to 2197.  I can't say for certain what year it is because we honestly do not know.
More important than what is when?
You've never used them before.
Your muscles have atrophied.  We're rebuilding them.
Far from it.
Be what?  Be real?
Have you ever had a dream, Neo, that you were so sure was real?
The pill you took is part of a trace program.  It's designed to disrupt your input/output carrier signal so we can pinpoint your location.
That you are a slave, Neo.  Like everyone else, you were born into bondage, kept inside a prison that you cannot smell, taste, or touch. A prison for your mind.
The Matrix is everywhere, it's all around us, here even in this room. You can see it out your window or on your television.  You feel it when you go to work, or go to church or pay your taxes.  It is the world that has been pulled over your eyes to blind you from the truth.
Do you want to know what it is?
Let me tell you why you are here. You have come because you know something.  What you know you can't explain but you feel it.  You've felt it your whole life, felt that something is wrong with the world. You don't know what, but it's there like a splinter in your mind, driving you mad.  It is this feeling that brought you to me.  Do you know what I'm talking about?
I know exactly what you mean.
Why not?
Yes.  Thank you.  But I think we both know there's more to it than that.  Do you believe in fate, Neo?
Ironically, this is not far from the truth.  But I'm getting ahead of myself.  Can you tell me, Neo, why are you here?
I can see it in your eyes.  You have the look of a man who accepts what he sees because he is expecting to wake up.
I imagine, right now, you must be feeling a bit like Alice, tumbling down the rabbit hole?
Please.  Come.  Sit.
Welcome, Neo.  As you no doubt have guessed, I am Morpheus.
Go the the Adams Street bridge.
Do you still want to meet?
You're the One, Neo.  You see, you may have spent the last few years looking for me, but I've spent most of my life looking for you.
They got to you first, but they've underestimated how important you are.  If they knew what I know, you would probably be dead.
This line is tapped so I must be brief.
There are only two ways out of this building.  One is that scaffold. The other is in their custody.  You take a chance either way.  I leave it to you.
There's a small ledge.  It's a short climb.  You can make it.
Good.  Now there is a window.  Open it.
Go!  Now!
The cubicle across from you is empty.
I can guide you out, but you have to do exactly what I say.
I'm not sure, but if you don't want to find out, you better get out of there.
Yes.
Yes.  Now.
Stand up and see for yourself.
I've been looking for you, Neo.  I don't know if you're ready to see what I want to show you, but unfortunately, we have run out of time.  They're coming for you, Neo. And I'm not sure what they're going to do.
Hello, Neo.  Do you know who this is?
He is the One.  He is the One!
Do it!
Tank, charge the E.M.P.
We're on our way --
We need an exit.
Tank.
Good.
I need the main wet-wall.
How is he?
