You can do anything you want. You're his sister.
Uh huh, a boy, you've got a new brother.
She just had a baby that's all.
I love you too sweetie, bye.
Oh she's fine...ahh...umm the doctor just...ehh...told her to stay in bed and get a little rest and...'n stay quiet...just...just to make sure that...
Ask him if he needs a good tuba player.
Totally groovy huh?
Good! You should go over and watch some Ted Carson.
Hi honey.
Hello? Sultenfuss Parlor.
Have fun.
Thanks, I needed that.
It means...I'm a paranoid nitwit who's never let his baby girl out of his sight for the simple reason he's a paranoid nitwit. So why don't you just say &quot;Oh Dad&quot; and get on the damn plane already?
And no boys, promise me, oh those LA people are all so corrupt you'll end up pregnant and on drugs...and don't come running to me when you wake up in the city morgue with a tag on your toe having been beaten up into an unrecognizable pulp by some surfer...and DON'T make eye contact, it communicates an implied vulnerability.
What??
Honey I know it's fun to think about these things but....
Of course.
Oh yes, lovely funeral, Gernaldi brothers did a beautiful job, lots of pink roses...I used the white hearse. Hey, how about this flowered wallpaper for your room?
She was talented, but honey I wish I could help you a little more, it's just that your mother and I had kind of a whirlwind courtship, she came to town with this traveling theater group, I proposed on our second date, two weeks later we were married and almost nine months later you were here and she was gone.
Well, I kinda just blurted it out over a root beer float.
Okay, we need wallpaper paste.  Hey Cece!
Her favorite poet.
Honey, ahh, guys don't wanna appear over anxious, so if you think there's a boy that might like you, let him know that you like him, so he won't feel he's taking such a risk when he's thinking of asking you out.
What boy likes you?
Great.
Seriously?
Oh yeah, right-between the power mower and the weed killer.
Hey, why don't you just keep your room and we'll put the baby in the back yard.
Honey that's very mature, I'm proud of you Vada.
Ahh, strike, not, not bad at all. No, this talk isn't about sex, it's, well there've been a lot of changes, and I know you're upset about losing your room, but the baby's gotta go somewhere.
She told me too, I mean, she told me she told you about sex, I personally new about sex long before I met Shelly.
No, I just thought it'd be nice if the two of us had an evening out so we could... talk.
Me? What makes you think there's something on my mind?
Well you know what I mean.
Okay thanks, atta girl.
Well not far, just down the hall. Plus Grammoo's room's a lot bigger, and you get a view of the whole neighborhood.
Well the thing is your room is right next door to ours, and so we thought, well, I thought, if you were willing we might move you to Grammoo's room, and use your old room for the nursery. See we're gonna be up half the night with a newborn and there'll be a lot of noise....
I got a card from your Uncle Phil in Los Angeles today, said he went body surfing.
Vada, try to scrunch these chairs together a little more.
Maybe he's hungry.
I'm sorry I couldn't come pick you up honey.
Reason? What reason?
I really think we're going overboard for just a simple school assignment.
Yeah and they forgot to ask for one who wasn't having hormone surges.
Disaster, disaster lurks behind every  palm tree.
She can spread her wings, right here in Pennsylvania. You don't send a child alone to Los Angeles, she could come back with her ears pierced, her legs shaved and God knows what else.
Ah, well, I bought her this huge pumpkin for Halloween, but she couldn't bear to carve it so she saved it for weeks, and it ended up under the Christmas tree.
I told you about the pumpkin didn't I?
How about a nice glass of milk?
Well if there was an article about it I'm sure she did. She was always reading.
Oh, Shell, that's ridiculous, where are my needle nosed pliers?
Oh, she's fine, she'll love her new room.
Vada I wanna ask you a favor, remember you can absolutely say no if you want to.
Well you should at least try a little bit.
Hey you're not eating your meatloaf.
