So charge him with something...who's gonna know?
I'm sorry okay...we gotta find this guy because...he knew Vada's mom and he could tell her stuff that no one else knows.
Look, sergeant I know I said some things last time that I shouldn't have said at all but...
Give us a break. All you have to do is make a phone call.
What about giving the other guy a break.
What kind of sleazoid geek would turn her in?
MOM!
You're over reacting!
If the fruit burst into flames I'll be prepared.
I won't.
I want juice!
I...ahhh...umm...I'm thirsty.
But we made a business deal.
Thanks
Good-bye, look in your backpack.
No?
Write me a poem?
Part adventure...part miracle.
I wouldn't say it was terrible...it was...kind of...
Some sacrifices are worth it.
You better ace it...you sacrificed our whole vacation.
Yeah?
That thing you said about your nose...it was a stranger's nose...well it's not...it's...I mean...it's yours...you know?
Like what?
He's an undertaker.
No...it was me. And I'm sorry mom, really, ju...just tell me what to do, I'll do anything.
I already did, it's a totally barbaric custom...but on you, it looks good.
Good. I mean...
But we wouldn't really be related right?
And you'd be my cousin?
This is a totally barbaric custom.
What do you think?
Big deal.
I'm afraid your feet won't fit in there.
Here's Judy Garland!
Never heard of her.
You mean,  this ring?
It's dangerous!!
What are you doing? You can't go in there!
Where are you going???
It was an accident, I'll get you a new one.
...I dropped it.
Uh oh...
Woah, watch it!
Just come and get it...right here!
Come and get it.
Hey relax, I'm not gonna break it.
I'm not gonna break it, I just wanna see it change colors.
Maybe it'll fit my pinkie.
Let me see if it changes colors on me.
Do you think your friend's up in Heaven now, looking down on you and watching you all the time?
Boyfriend?
Does it work?
Hey what do I care...I mean, consider the sorts, a chick from Pennsylvania, who wears a mood ring.
You are weird. Let's just go.
Look at it this way, however bad I feel, it isn't as bad as becoming extinct in a bottomless pit of tar.
If he has a heart attack you're carrying the body down yourself.
Boy, you're really into this.
Just call us the &quot;dead end kids&quot;.
You'd rather have a mother that's a member of the police state? Rules are made to be broken.  Just ask him.
I think it's cool.
Care for a smoke?
Who are you? Hitler's hall monitor?
You saved a lot of lives, you should be very proud.
What if you don't wanna be found?
What, you think the guy should change his name?
Get married?
Don't forget, the girls change their names if they got married.
I love the fragrance of chilidogs.
Yearbooks always set you out for disappointment, I want mine to say: Nick probably won't amount to much, so don't be surprised if you never hear anything about him again. Can we go?...It smells like someone left their gym bag in here.
A big difference, if someone found it we should keep looking, if they didn't we're just wasting our time.
I never did understand that story, did someone find the needle or not?
I don't mean to alarm you, but I'm getting a nose bleed from the altitude.
Calm down! We just have to ask ourselves, where your books come from.
Vada.
They obviously have no sense of historical perspective either.
Getting off please.
I didn't ask for the money, Phil just gave it to me.
You know eavesdropping is a very unattractive habit.
And you're gonna solve the mystery?
TAXI!!!
Yeah, RIGHT.
No THANKS!
Phil, I think you should consider... fades as Vada walks off
No problem.
Wow!
What's it for?
What's that?
Muh??
