You're a good man Nicholas.
Well I know you're not crazy about taking Vada around tomorrow, so...I just want you to know I appreciate it though.
For the mini-bike fund.
Ten bucks.
I'd consider it a personal favor.
Rose this not the place to be having this...
You stay out of this, look, if I had a red XK-150 with a black interior, I sure as hell wouldn't be handing out relationship advice.
Who cares? Rose, tell him we have an arrangement.
Okay, that does it, that does it, the strudel does it, first it's brakes then.... I mean I am not gonna let some Podiatrist with a Jaguar full of strudel come waltzing in here and....
Doctor Helburn, what a surprise. In the last couple of days we've changed your oil, realigned your brakes, balanced and rotated your tires, aligned your front end, and flushed out your entire cooling system, I really didn't expect to be seeing you for another three thousand miles.
Was Rose.
Sounds great, well you give 'em both one of these for me.
No, you're the best and I don't want you talking to anybody on the plane.
Okay...take your time...I'll...I'll go for a walk around.
You want me to come with?
This is it I guess.
Then again, your dad's got his own memories and he's got his own life now...I think this is a secret just between you and your mom.
I don't know, he's got an awful lot on his mind right now.
Then we'll keep driving...you'll decide.
How's this for a solution. We'll take a drive over to his place, you can introduce yourself....
Uhh sweetie, I wou... I wou...I wou...
Lock the door.
I'll do better than that. I'll send you off with your own private guide.
Vada, I know that traditionally you're not supposed to do a lot of these things before you're officially married...but these are very, very special circumstances.
Yes, it does.
Committed.
That's ridiculous, I'm...I'm very, umm, what do you call it?
Dating, seriously dating. You're thirsty, want something to drink? Sure you do, it's been a long trip.
Ahh, that's right, like one big happy family. This is Nick's room and uhh....
Uh huh, well...good to know. Phil hands Nick a               5 note
How about Nick? Did he take good care of you?
Vada!! Vada runs and jumps into Phil's arms Look at you, oh hi, hi, hi!! How are you? You look great, how's Shelly? Your dad?
Is that a yes?
You know how I feel about you.
You know exactly...what kind it is. Come on Rose...what do you want from me?
Wha...what do you mean? We have a date every night.
Wait, are you saying that I don't appreciate?
You know where the fire extinguisher is.
We may go out for coffee after the meeting so don't expect us before midnight.
Anyone with taste, anyone with breeding.... A gentleman, would choose British racing green, with maybe a tan interior...but when you buy a red car, with a black interior and wire wheels, you have one thing on your mind and one thing only and I'm too much of a gentleman to say what that one thing is...in front of the children.
Hi!
Oh...what's that?
God? No I didn't think you'd want to invoke God Rose, because he saw even more than I did. ROSE Look Phil, if you want the rights of a husband, you're gonna have to ask me something but if not, you're gonna have to get accustomed to the rights of what you are.
He was caressing.
What's with the touching, why was he touching you?
Oh I see, 'cause usually that doesn't require such a lengthy consultation.
Then you'll be all set.
Come on...I'll show you where you're gonna stay.
Who knew that when I started working in the finest foreign car shop in LA, I would also find the light of my life.
