Rose.
I guess you have.
Well Enrique is great and...we are the best.
What can I do for you?
Hello.
You think this is easy for me? You go out on the town and I get to be the bad guy. Look I don't want you to be some punk hoodlum delinquent but I can't do my job as a parent if you don't do your job as a kid.
Make that sixty and I'm docking your allowance for two weeks.
You're grounded 'till you're fifty!
You're so clever.
Don't wake up Vada.
There's water in your bathroom.
Nicholas! What are you doing up?
What ever happened to a good old-fashioned favor huh?
Give it back Nicholas!
You really think I look sexy in this smock?
You like the way I cook...you think I make out a great invoice.  PHIL You and Nick and...and this...this garage are my whole life...I love you. Sure you don't have the greatest taste in music...but there's not another woman who could look so sexy in that smock. What I'm try... what I'm trying to sa...
I think this place is just fine.
I don't want anything you don't wanna give me.
Yes, what kind of arrangement? I'd be very interested to know what kind of an arrangement we have.
No, that's not a date, a date is when I don't cook.
I'm saying he asked me out for coffee, like a real date, when was the last time you did that?
There's plenty of fruit.
Oh, yeah, sure, help yourself.
Oh, Hi, how's the investigation going?
Right now? An intimate border with...mechanical skills.
Phil for God sake.
He wasn't touching me he was just...gesturing...
No, there's no problem, Dr. Helburn just needs to have his oil changed.
Sounds like you're very organized.
Yeah, well he left out a couple of steps, ah look, I've gotta get back to these bills, Phil will you help Vada get settled?
Bye Niece, Vada.
She'll be all right baby.
Well just don't shave your legs...he'll never let you visit us again if I send you home hairless and full of holes.
Go to your room.  And you...I don't suppose your father gave you permission to pierce your ears, did he?
All right, well get to bed early and don't let anybody in. Bye.
What, did you think he was raised by a pack of wolves? Don't be misled by the haircut.
Oh, sure okay.
Lizt was my parents' favorite, they were Hungarian.
Oh, well, I don't wear a lot of jewelry.
Let's just say I...eh...I'm involved.
Well I'm sort of involved.
Oh no, I, I...eh...I couldn't.
Well let's just say you're lucky you deal with children who are under anesthesia.
Well maybe for you.
Ahh, Dr. Helburn, why don't you come in tomorrow-morning at eight o'clock, that's when we open, we'll get you started.
Yes, I do.
Oh, you mean you...fix the hearts...of little babies?
Oh, are you a hairdresser?
Excuse me?
I mean...with your car.
So what's wrong?
