Maybe he's wet?
I was pushing as fast as I could.
Phil's moving to LA, Grammoo's passing, the baby being born, Vada's report, I think...
Oh come on Harry, we're talking about five days here.
You're being narrow-minded.
She is not a child Harry, she is a young woman, she's on the brink of...
No.
And some taco chips so I can dunk.
Never heard of him.
Yes I know, it runs in the family.  New book?
Listen, if a boy wants to do homework with you, it really means he didn't have nerve to ask you out on a date, so you'll get your homework together and pretend to be studying, and the next thing you know you're ordering pizza and talking about your favorite movie stars.
Look we react to every kick this baby gives, maybe Vada's trying to tell us something too.
I don't know if I want to.
Then I'll throw up a little bit.
If I eat it I'll throw up.
O.K.
You have no idea.
I know, look at his little hands.
Hey! Oh look.
You leave your father to me.
It would be fantastic.
Oh, but I'm not due to have the baby for another six weeks or so.
How would you like to go visit your Uncle Phil in Los Angeles...next week during your spring vacation, you could do research on your mom.
Why not now?
Well you've gotta be prepared.
Uncle Phil just needed a change, a little adventure.
No. You know they say, that it never rains, that you can barbecue on Christmas day...instead of riding your bike, you just surf over to your friends house. Oh, and the place is just crawling with celebrities. I know someone who saw Walter Matthau picking up his dry-cleaning.
Oh Vada she's so beautiful.
Well, it must mean something. She was obviously very sentimental.
What's this? December 8th, 1958?
Mmmmmm. Root beer float that sounds good.
Oh no.
I know, I guess it's just sort of preparing you for the rest of your life. It's not easy being a woman.
Oh, I was a very late developer, they used to call me &quot;Shelly Two Backs&quot;. All my friends had real bra's, not like the training ones I had.
No, the milk comes when the baby comes.
They're enormous, I know.
I bet your mom sang to you.
