Oh fuck!
Up where?
Just for him?
What did he bring him in for?
You're not being charged. It's up to you. Do you want to talk to them?
What?
Any word back from the E.R.s?
Look, look! I'm not saying one way or the other. Just be careful and go by the protocol on this one.
Well, not armed. If they had guns, they'd have used them. But dangerous? Oh yeah.
Look under the body.
Paraffin came up positive. And bullet holes are usually a big clue.
Look in the trash around their hands. See if you can find me two bullet casings. 45's, if my eye serves me right. Don't disturb them. Mark them as they lay. Newman, root through this shit.  If this was a sink find me some metal parts. Gimme a faucet or a drain cover or something.
Be careful.
I'll see what I can do. How do I get in touch with you?
So you're telling me it was one guy with six guns? A-and he was a senior fucking citizen?
Well, we could try the bag over the head thing. Walk you right out the front.
Know any other languages?
So, how is it that you guys are fluent in Russian?
They had some pretty interesting bandages. Know anything about that?
You guys are not under oath, here. I am assuming you knew these two guys from before, huh?
Friends, Gentlemen. They were friends.
The shooter knew these guys, huh?
And it's the same story over here. Why the crossover?  Theories.
No. This guy is big time.  These two are street-walking scum.
Nah, too quick half their infrastructure got taken out at the Copley plaza. Besides, if you're a hitter, you're either working for the Russians or the Italians. There's no riding the fence. Our little theory from last night just got blown to shit. Something... new is going on here.
Of course they were. How many?
Can she I.D. them?
That depends. You either do your job or get ethical.
Fan-fuckin-tastic!
And number three, Dolly.
Yeah, well... I'm an expert in name- ology.
Fucking figures. Look, are you guys seeing the pattern here? We got big questions at both of these crime scenes, with no answers. WHY did they kill the guys in the other two booths? WHY did he do the bartender? It would seem unnecessary, even stupid.  God, I hate cold crime scenes! I'm fucking leaving now. And do me a favor, tell me when the next guy dies, cause these guys are not done yet.
Duffy. This look like a fucking post office to you? This guy came in here with intent. Maybe he didn't know exactly what he was gonna do but he had a pretty good idea. The bartender wasn't a fucking accident.
These two fucking scenes are related. Too many coincidences. Same day? Five hours apart? Dead mobsters on both scenes. Now, why did he kill the bartender?
Why was I not informed of this?
What?
Those doors were down... which means this. They looked down in through the peep hole, saw these guys and opened the doors from the inside. Pop, pop, pop, right through the glass. Why?
Allow me to enlighten you gentlemen to the protocol of the porno industry, as I'm sure you've never been in one of these places before. A man goes into the booth, puts the money in the slot. The dancer gets it on the other side. She hits the button, door goes up, now there is only glass between you and it's  little fireman time.
And is there an American, shit is there a man seated among us that hasn't thought about it many times, let's just put them all on an island, give them guns and let them kill each other. This is our wet dream come true. You can expect federal and local law enforcement to go only deep enough to satisfy the law, then bury it from here on out.
Now, what is this going to look like to those who do not know what I just told you?
Possible, but unlikely. The angles are too extreme. A guy holding two guns to the back of your head is gonna shoot straight ahead. He wouldn't cock out his elbows, makes no sense. Besides, you telling me one guy came in here and killed eight men with eight extremely well aimed shots in just a few seconds? No way. Had to be at least two.
Now stay with me, boys. What did they do to make two such identical wounds? Did one guy put him on his knees, pop a cap in, sit him back up and shoot him again the same way? No. Two men of similar height dropped this guy down, each put some iron to his head and boom! That's all she fuckin' wrote!
Excellent! Number two. Greenly.
The two bullets went in here, through the top of the skull, criss-crossed and exited through the eyeballs. This one clue tells us three distinct facts. Number one... Duffy.
The Greeks. The Italians.
That's a possibility. Y'know you Boston cops are perking up. That's two sound theories in one day, neither of which deal with abnormally sized men.  Another possibility is that they were placed there with religious intent.
And the pennies?
Well, Freud was right. So you think they came for the fag man, huh? And what do you base this upon?
The what man?
So Duffy, got any theories to go with that... tie.
Really want to know?
Why don't you let me do the thinking, huh, genius?
Oh that's just BEAUTIFUL! All the scumbags in the quiet city of Boston start dropping dead and you think it's unrelated?! Greenly, the day I want the Boston Police doing my thinking for me, I will have a fucking tag on my toe! Now, get me a squad car and get me over there. I want the crime scene photos and any witness statements. NOW!
Who were the victims?
No way they could have seen it.
After talking to the dancer we know that their mark was the guy in the middle booth. After she watches them whack him, she passes out.  Why the two extra victims?
It tells us that he was the last to die. All these men  Were carrying. They came in, dropped all in seconds and then took their time with fag man. Didn't they, Duffy?!  They sure as fuck did!
While Greenly's getting coffee, anybody else want anything?
How many bodies, Greenly?
Respect is earned, Greenly, never given. Guys like you should have to follow me around squabbling for the scraps from my table.
He's struck again, hasn't he, Greenly?
Sweet-n-low!
Twist of lemon!
Brilliant. So now we got a Huge guy theory and Serial crusher theory. Top fucking notch.  What's your name?
Thank you, Father, thank you.  Whatever. Goodbye, amen.
Yes! Yes! I was thinking that, too. No. I was feeling it. All I needed was to hear you say it! Amen! I'll help them.
No. They would never do that.
Yes.
I believe these young men are right.
I want to stand for what I believe in, father.
You're right.
I guess not.
Has he now?
Yes.
Yes.
But in this day and age I believe what they do is... necessary. I feel it is... correct.
It's ethics. I put evil men behind bars, but the law has miles of red tape and loopholes for these... cocksuckers to slip through. I've found out there are these two young men who fix the situation with an iron fist. As if they have God's permission. But what they do is wrong and I should arrest them... technically.
Why have I come to a church? I never have before. I guess I just... felt I should.
Hello? You there?
