Beat it, Buster.
Bull fiddle.
Get lost, will you?
Aren't you a little too young for that, sonny?
Why?
Bye.
I suppose you want a tip?
Yes.  And that one, too.
We're not on the pier yet -
There's a convention, all right.  There's also the ladies' morgue.
Tell him you're going to elope with him.
Yeah, but they're not watching yachts. Come on - you're going to call Osgood.
First thing we got to do is get out of these clothes.
We'll walk.  And if we have to, we'll starve.
No tricks, no mirrors, nothing up my sleeve.  It's on the level this time.
Don't worry.  We did the right thing with it.
What do you mean, your bracelet? It's our bracelet.
Yeah - lets shove off.
Hello, my dearest darling.  So good to hear your voice again.
Hello, Room 414?  This is the ship-to-shore operator - I have a call for Miss Sugar Cane.
That's when I was a saxophone player. Now I'm a millionaire.
We can't just walk out on her without saying goodbye.
Get me Room 414.
There's our shaving stuff - and there's Sugar.
Not that, you idiot.
Shut up and keep packing.
What?
Nag, nag, nag.  Look, we got a yacht, we got a bracelet, you got Osgood, I've got Sugar - we're really cooking.
So?  It's going to break Sugar's heart when she finds out I'm not a millionaire.  That's life.  You can't make an omelette without breaking an egg.
Get it while you're young.  And you better fix your lips.  You want to look nice for Osgood, don't you?
Daphne got a proposal tonight.
Wait a minute - lets not be hasty. After all, we don't want to hurt poor Osgood's feelings.
Hey - these are real diamonds.
What engagement present?
Look, Jerry - take my advice - forget the whole thing - just keep telling yourself you're a boy!
Jerry, listen to me - there are laws - conventions - it's just not being done!
Oh.
Like when?
You're out of your mind!  How can you get away with this?
Like what are you going to do on your honeymoon?
Jerry - there's another problem.
I'll say there is!
Jerry, you'd better lie down. You're not doing well.
But you're not a girl.  You're a guy! And why would a guy want to marry a guy?
Jerry!  You can't be serious!
What are you talking about? You can't marry Osgood.
WHAT?
Congratulations.  Who's the lucky girl?
What happened?
Hi, Jerry.  Everything under control?
I'm just borrowing them.  You'll get them back tomorrow.
Tell him you get seasick on a yacht. Play miniature golf with him.
Because we're pals - buddies - the two musketeers.
Come on, you can do better than that. Give him teeth - the whole personality.
Remember - he's your date for tonight. So smile.
Daphne - your boy friend is waving at you.
That's right.
He's going to be ashore with you.
No.  I'm going to be on that boat with Sugar.
Of course, you're not.  I'm going.
Just the three of you on that great big boat - you and him and Rudy Vallee.
You got it made, kid.  Fielding wants you to have a little cold pheasant with him on his yacht -
Yes, Mr. Fielding - you'll pick her up after the show in your motorboat - goodbye - what's that you said?  Oh - zowie! I'll give her the message.
Wise guy, huh?  Trying to louse me up -
Daphne, you're bothering us.
Daphne -  Go on - tell me all about him.
I heard a very sad story about a girl who went to Bryn Mawr.  She squealed on her roommate, and they found her strangled with her own brassiere.
This happens to me all the time in public.
What is it, young lady?  What are you staring at?
Don't get burned, Daphne.
What are you talking about?  Sugar and me, we're just like sisters.
Me?  After Sugar?
What's the beef?  We're sitting pretty. We get room and board - we get paid every week - there's the palm trees and the flying fish -
So you got pinched in the elevator. So what?  Would you rather be picking lead out of your navel?
Listen, stupid - right now Spats Colombo and his chums are looking for us in every male band in the country.
How can we?  We're broke.
Blow where?
They don't care - just as long as you wear skirts.  It's like waving a red flat in front of a bull.
Well, now you know how the other half lives.
What happened?
Male and female - the moth and the flame - I ought to slug you!
Break it up, girls!  Daphne! Come on, help me!
What's going on here?  Daphne - Daphne -
Good night, Daphne.
Then pull the emergency brake!
Fight it.
I just want to make sure that honey stays in the hive.  There'll be no buzzing around tonight.
Steady, boy.  Just keep telling yourself you're a girl.
Oh, you don't have to worry about that.
Look - no butter, no pastry, and no Sugar!
Forget it.  One false move, and they'll toss us off the train - there'll be the police, and the papers, and the mob in Chicago...
Down, Daphne!
I changed it.  It used to be Sugar Kowalczyk.
This way, Daphne.
You'd better go fix it.
Done what?
Not there - that's the emergency brake.
Listen, stupe - no butter and no pastry. We're on a diet!
Watch it, Daphne!
I'm Josephine.  Sax.
DAPHNE?
My name is Josephine.
What are you afraid of?  Nobody's asking you to have a baby.  This is just to get out of town. The minute we hit Florida, we'll blow this set-up.
The name is Josephine.  And it was your idea in the first place.
With those legs?  Are you crazy?
Quit stalling.  We'll miss the train.
Must be the way their weight is distributed. Come on.
Shave our legs, stupid.
We are going out of town.  But we're going to shave.
The police?  We'd never live to testify. Not against Spats Colombo.  Wabash 1098.
As far away as possible.
Not yet.  But if those guys catch us, there'll be blood all over.  Type O.
They got the bull-fiddle.
We didn't see anything -  - did we?
Knock it off, will you?
I'll think of something.  Don't crowd me.
It's twelve bucks.  We can get one of the overcoats out of hock.
Josephine and Geraldine!  Come on!
You've flipped your wig!
No.  And he ain't been eating so good, either. He's got an empty stomach and it's gone to his head.
Yeah, that's what he means. Good old Nellie!  I ought to wring her neck!
Nellie told us about it.
- Type O.
So I had to rush him to the hospital and give him a transfusion...  Right?
Don't you remember?  He has this bad tooth - it got impacted - the whole jaw swole up -
With you.
I thought you weren't talking to me.
Look, stupid, he's ten to one.  Tomorrow, we'll have twenty overcoats!
I told you - it's a sure thing.
Shut up, will you?  I wonder how much Sam the Bookie will give up for our overcoats?
Quiet - I'm thinking.
Suppose Lake Michigan overflows?
Suppose Mary Pickford divorces Douglas Fairbanks?
Jerry-boy - why do you have to paint everything so black? Suppose you get hit by a truck? Suppose the stock market crashes?
What are you worried about?  This job is going to last a long time.
Look at those odds - ten to one. If he wins, we can pay everybody.
He's a shoo-in.  I got the word from Max the waiter - his brother-in-law is the electrician who wires the rabbit -
First thing tomorrow we're going out to the dog track and put the whole bundle on Greased Lightning.
No we're not.
Of course I am.
How can you be so selfish?  We owe back rent - we're in four eighty-nine bucks to Moe's Delicatessen - we're being sued by three Chinese lawyers because our check bounced at the laundry - we've borrowed money from every girl in the line -
Dentist?  We been out of work for four months - and you want to blow your first week's pay on your teeth?
Yeah.  Why?
I'll say.
That's good thinking.  Daphne's a push-over for him.
Just the two of you?  What about the crew?
Got it.  Supper - yacht - after the show - I'll tell her.  Your yacht?
This is her roommate.  Daphne can't talk right now.  Is it anything urgent?
Oh, no!
We won't breathe a word.
To Urbana.  It's a hundred miles.
We're just a couple of musicians - we come to pick up a car - Nellie Weinmeyer's car - there's a dance tonight -  Come on, Jerry.
Good!  Then you won't be needing your car.
And you'll be in all evening?
Because I got some plans -
Please, Jerry - that's no way to talk.  Nellie baby - what are you doing tonight?
What's the job?
The minute we get a job, I'm going to take you out to the swellest restaurant -
Nellie baby, I'll make it up to you.
Now look, Nellie - if it's about last Saturday night - I can explain everything.
Thank you.
Anything today?
We'll take it!
No, we couldn't!
What kind of band is this, anyway?
The wrong shape?  You looking for hunchbacks or something?
You need a bass and a sax, don't you?
Hey, Sig - can we talk to you?
We got time off for good behavior.
We got it second-hand.
No - funerals.
Yes, we're the new girls.
Well, here we are.
Do yourself a favor - go back where the millionaires are - the sweet end of the lollipop - not the cole slaw in the face and the old socks and the squeezed-out tube of toothpaste -
You don't want me, Sugar - I'm a liar and a phony - a saxophone player - one of those no-goodnicks you've been running away from -
Sugar!  What do you think you're doing?
You'll forget him, Sugar.
Daphne -
What's the matter, Sugar?
Goodbye, my darling.
Oh.  The navigator just came in - we're ready to cast off.
Not always.  But I want you to know I'm very grateful for what you did for me.
What's what?  Oh, that.  just a little going away present.
Smart move.  Oh, by the way - did you get my flowers? You know, those orchids from my greenhouse - the fog finally lifted over Long Island, and they flew them down this morning.
I only wish there were something I could do for you.
I knew you would.
According to our tax advisers, she's only so-so.  But - that's the way the oil gushes. A man in my position has a certain responsibility to the stockholders - all those little people who invest their life savings -
It's all rather complicated - what we call high finance - but it so happens that the president of the Venezuelan syndicate has a daughter, and -
Quite a while.  As a matter of fact, I'm not coming back at all.
You see, we have those oil interests in Venezuela - and I just got a cable from Dad - the board of directors decided on a merger.
Not tomorrow, either.  You see, I have to leave - something unexpected came up - I'm sailing right away.
I'm afraid not.  I can't make it tonight.
Yes.  Now about our date for tonight...
Me?
Gee, I wish I'd been there.
Did you have a nice time?
Let's make it an even million.
How much do I owe the Milk Fund so far?
Good night.
Where did you learn to kiss like that?
They told me I was caputt - finished - washed up - and now you're making a chump out of all those experts.
I never knew it could be like this.
I think you're on the right track.
I got a funny sensation in my toes - like somebody was barbecuing them over a slow flame.
I'm not quite sure.  Try it again.
It's like smoking without inhaling.
Look, it's terribly sweet of you to want to help out - but it's no use.  I think the light switch is over there -  - and that's the radio.  It's like taking somebody to a concert when he's tone deaf.
I'm afraid not.  Terribly sorry.
All right - if you insist.
What is it?
If I ever found a girl that could - I'd marry her like that.
I have.  Spent six months in Vienna with Professor Freud - flat on my back -  - then there were the Mayo Brothers - and injections and hypnosis and mineral baths - if I weren't such a coward, I'd kill myself.
Thanks just the same.
Why?
My family did everything they could - hired the most beautiful French upstairs maids - got a special tutor to read me all the books that were banned in Boston - imported a whole troupe of Balinese dancers with bells on their ankles and those long fingernails - what a waste of money!
What else is there for me?
Yes - all the money in the world - but what good is it?  Mint sauce or cranberries?
Ever since then -  numb - no feelings.  Like my heart was shot full of novocaine.
Yes.  Eight hours later they brought her up by mule - I gave her three transfusions - we had the same blood type - Type O - it was too late.
Well, it was my freshman year at Princeton - there was this girl - her name was Nellie - her father was vice-president of Hupmobile - she wore glasses, too.  That summer we spent our vacation at the Grand Canyon - we were standing on the highest ledge, watching the sunset - suddenly we had an impulse to kiss - I took off my glasses - I took a step toward her - she took a step toward me -
I don't want to bore you.
Not anymore.  I was in love once - but I'd rather not talk about it.  How about a little cold pheasant?
Oh, it's not your fault.  It's just that every now and then Mother Nature throws somebody a dirty curve.  Something goes wrong inside.
Complete washout.
See?  Nothing.
Have I?  I'm trying all the time.
It's more like a mental block.  When I'm with girls, it does nothing to me.
They just sort of leave me cold.
Well, I don't know how to put it - but I have this thing about girls.
Oh, it's not that. It's just that I'm - harmless.
You're flattering me.
Oh, it's perfectly safe.  We're well anchored - the ship is in shipshape - and the Coast Guard promised to call me if there are any icebergs around.
Completely.
It's the crews' night off.
Yea, of course.  Now where could they have put it?  On Thursdays, I'm sort of lost around here.
I'll say.  I had two ponies drowned under me.
Trophies.  You know - skeet-shooing, dog-breeding, water polo...
Down the hatch - as we say at sea.
Champagne?
They shrink when they're marinated.
Oh - a member of the herring family.
Caught him off Cape Hatteras.
It's all right for a bachelor.
Of course.  On Thursdays, they always serve me in the small salon.
Yes - that's our hurricane cellar.
Yes - now let's see - where do you suppose the steward set it up?
Well, that depends - on whether you're coming or going - I mean, normally the aft is on the other side of the stern - and that's the bridge - so you can get from one side of the boat to the other - how about a glass of champagne?
Mother keeps hers in Southampton - and Dad took his to Venezuela - the company is laying a new pipe line.
Just regulation size.  We have three like this.
Do you mind riding backwards? It may take a little longer -
I just got this motorboat - it's an experimental model.
I seem to be out of gas.
I wanted them to fly down some orchids from our greenhouse but all of Long Island is fogged in.
It's not how long you wait - it's who you're waiting for.
You heard her - yes.
Well, you know how those millionaires are.  These came for you.
I am?
Shells?  Whatever for?
Maybe you'd better go after him - if you don't want to lose him.
You don't say!
One of whom?
They repealed Prohibition?
What?
Oh, I didn't hear you come in.
If it's at all possible -
It's been delightful meeting you both.
Would you mind moving along, please?
Please - no names.  Just call me Junior.
Yes.  So did my father and my grandfather - we've all had this passion for shells - that's why we named the oil company after it.
It's on the account of the shells. That's my hobby.
I only come ashore twice a day - when the tide goes out.
I'd like to - but it may be rather difficult.
Tonight?
What theory?
I beg your pardon?
You know, it's amazing we never ran into each other before.  I'm sure I would have remembered anybody as attractive as you.
- riding to hounds -
- Inauguration balls -
Good school!  And your family doesn't object to your career?
Oh.  Well, I guess some like it hot.  But personally, I prefer classical music.
Syncopators - does that mean you play that fast music - jazz?
You're society girls?
For your own amusement?
Could be.  Do you play the market?
Up, up, up.
Well, I'm not.
No, my cocktail steward.  Look, if you're interested in whether I'm married or not -
No, my flag steward.
Certainly not.  with all that unrest in the world, I don't think anybody should have a yacht that sleeps more than twelve.
They run up a red-and-white flag on the yacht when it's time for cocktails.
Would you mind moving just a little? You're blocking my view.
Possible you saw it in a newspaper - or magazine - Vanity Fair -
Not at all.
Not very likely.
Now, really -
Thank you.
Because usually, when people find out who I am, they get themselves a wheel chair and a shyster lawyer, and sue me for a quarter of a million dollars.
I wish you'd make sure.
You're not hurt, are you?
Oh, I'm terribly sorry.
Wait a minute, Daphne.  You haven't got a bathing suit.
Just my feminine intuition.
Forget it, Sugar, will you?  Forget about saxophone players.  You're going to meet a millionaire - a young one.
Saxophone player?
So do I.  But don't worry - we'll be seeing a lot of each other.
Seventy-five.  That's three-quarters of a century.  Makes a girl think.
Well, there they are - more millionaires than you can shake a stick at.
Good night, Sugar.
Not at all.
Want to switch berths with me?
Why not?
Okay, Sugar - all clear.  You better go back to bed.
Search me.  I mean - I'll see.
I hope this time you wind up with the sweet end of the lollipop.
Well, now that you've mentioned it -
Glasses?
Yeah.  With money like Rockefeller, and shoulders like Johnny Weismuller -
You're entitled.
Going to catch yourself a rich bird?
What's in Florida?
About what?
You are?
Brains aren't everything.
Men!
You don't say?
Yeah.
Yeah.
You know - I play tenor sax.
That so?
Really?
Bingo?
You can't trust those guys.
Rough?
Me?
Afford it?
Then why did you take this job?
I wouldn't say that.  Careless, maybe.
If Bienstock catches you again - What's the matter with you, anyway?
Sugar, you're going to get yourself into a lot of trouble.
We understand.
Running away?  From what?
Oh.
Where did he conduct?
Tell what?
