Well - nobody's perfect.
We'll adopt some.
I forgive you.
I don't care.
It doesn't matter.
Why not?
We can have it altered.
I called Mama - she was so happy she cried - she wants you to have her wedding gown - it's white lace.
Another bridesmaid?
Pleased to meet you.
You're leading again.
Daphne...
You're a pretty hot little firecracker yourself.
They got a Cuban band that's the berries. Why don't we go there - blindfold the orchestra - and tango till dawn?
Who?
Well, then, why don't we go dancing? I know a little road-house, down the coast -
But it's such a waste - a full moon - an empty yacht -
Please.  It won't happen again.
Oh, you don't get off that easy.
Goodbye?
She doesn't approve of girls who smoke.
My last wife was an acrobatic dancer - you know, sort of a contortionist - she could smoke a cigarette while holding it between her toes - Zowie! - but Mama broke it up.
You must be quite a girl.
Fascinating.  Do you use a bow or do you just pluck it?
Oh, of course.  which of these instruments do you play?
If I promise not to be a naughty boy - how about dinner tonight?
So this year, when George White's Scandals opened, she packed me off to Florida.  Right now she thinks I'm out there on my yacht - deep-sea fishing.
Mama is keeping score.  Frankly, she's getting rather annoyed with me
No - it's showgirls.  I've been married seven or eight times.
Yes, indeed.  It's cost my family quite a bit of money.
You know, I've always been fascinated by show business.
It certainly is delightful to have some young blood around here.
Let me carry one of the instruments.
If there is one thing I admire, it's a girl with a shapely ankle.
I am Osgood Fielding the Third.
Just a moment, miss -  May I?
Oh, that's all taken care of.  I'm giving them shore leave.  We'll have a little cold pheasant - and champagne - and I checked with the Coast Guard - there'll be a full moon tonight - oh, and tell her I got a new batch of Rudy Vallee records -
The New Caledonia.  That's the name of it.  The Old Caledonia went down during a wild party off Cape Hatteras.  But tell her not to worry - this is going to be a quiet little midnight snack - just the two of us.
Well, it is to me.  Will you give her a message?  I'd like her to have a little supper with me on my yacht after the show tonight.
