He's going to South America to marry some other girl - that's what they call high finance.
Junior gave it to me.  It must have at least thirty stones -
You like it?
And talk about elegant - you should see the yacht - candlelight - mint sauce and cranberries.
Of course not.  As a matter of fact, it was just the other way around.  You see he needs help.
I thought I heard voices - and I just had to talk to somebody.  I don't feel like going to sleep.
Yes.
Yes.  He wants me to have supper with him - on his yacht - he's going to pick me up at the pier.
I hope so.
I met one of them.
Do you suppose she went out shopping?
Believe it or not - Josephine predicted the whole thing.
Well, I'll come back later.
I guess she's not in here.
We don't have to run.
Will she be surprised. I just can't wait to see her face -
If I'd been watching my step, I never would have met him.  Wait till I tell Josephine.
Now look, Daphne - hands off - I saw him first.
Come on, Daphne.
Or was it Bryn Mawr?
It sleeps twelve.  This is my friend Daphne. She's a Vassar girl.
I recognized him too - his picture was in Vanity Fair.
Run along, Daphne - I'll catch up with you.
You're so flat-chested.  Clothes hang so much better on you than they do on me.
But there's one thing I envy you for.
I mean, your shoulders - and your arms -
You know, Daphne - I had no idea you were such a big girl.
What do you think you're doing?
Oh, I have some suntan lotion.
We'll rent some at the bathhouse. How about you, Josephine?
A bunch of us girls are going for a swim. Want to come along?
Thank you, Daphne.
I'm just going to get some ice.
And bring the cocktail shaker.
We have some bourbon - lets make Manhattans.
Here.  This'll put hair on your chest.
When?
What's the surprise?
I may spill something.
You better put on the lights. I can't see what I'm doing.
How's the bottle?
You all right?
You got some?
I have a very low resistance.
Maybe I'd better go before I catch something.
What did you say?
Let me warm them a little.  There - isn't that better?
And you've got cold feet.
And your head is hot.
Why you poor thing - you're trembling all over.
Anything wrong?
When I was a little girl, on cold nights like this, I used to crawl into bed with my sister.  We'd cuddle up under the covers, and pretend we were lost in a dark cave, and were trying to find out way out.
I'm not crowding you, am I?
I'd better stay here till she goes back to sleep.
I don't want her to know we're in cahoots.
Sssh.  Sweet Sue.
If there's anything I can do for you -
If it hadn't been for you, they would have kicked me off the train.  I'd be out there in the middle of nowhere, sitting on my ukulele.
I wanted to thank you for covering for me. You're a real pal.
Good night, honey.
See you around, girls.
Are my seams straight?
I don't want you to think that I'm a drinker. I can stop any time I want to - only I don't want to.  Especially when I'm blue.
I don't really have much of a voice - but then it's not much of a band, either.  I'm only with 'em because I'm running away.
I'm Sugar Cane.
That's all right.  I was afraid it was Sweet Sue. You won't tell anybody, will you?
OH!
That's right - pour it on.  Talk me out of it.
I know.  Every time!
I told you - I'm not very bright.
How can I?  No matter where I go, there'll always be a Shell station on the corner.  I'll bring this back when it's empty.
He was the first nice guy I ever met in my life - and the only one who ever gave me anything.
I don't know.  All of a sudden, I'm thirsty.
Well, anchors aweigh, you have a bon voyage.  And if you need an orchestra to play at your wedding, we'll be through here in a couple of weeks.
I didn't do anything.  It just happened.
Real diamonds.  They must be worth their weight in gold.  Are you always this generous?
Yes, they're here.  Oh - white orchids.  Would you believe it - I haven't had white orchids since I was a debutante.  What's this?
But you have.  You've given me all that inside information - first thing tomorrow I'm going to call my broker and have him buy fifty thousand shares of Venezuelan oil.
Oh, of course.  I understand.  At least, I think I do.
Oh - that kind of a merger.  Is she young? Pretty?
You're not?
A merger?  How long will you be gone?
Where to?  South America?  Oh. That is unexpected.
Tomorrow night?
I'll meet you on the pier again - right after the show.
That's funny - I never slept better.  And I had the most wonderful dream.  I was still on the yacht, and the anchor broke loose - and we drifted for days and days - you were the captain and I was the crew - I kept a lookout for icebergs, and I sorted your shells, and mixed your cocktails, and wiped the steam off your glasses - and when I woke up, I felt like swimming right back to you.
Daphne has a beau - I have a beau - if we could only find somebody for you.
That's wonderful.  Poor Josephine.
From a rich millionaire.
Really?
I'm going to see him again tonight - and every night - I think he's going to propose to me - as soon as he gets up his nerve.
Nice?  It was suicidally beautiful.
Oh, no.  I'm off that stuff - for good.
Eight hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
Good morning.
Oh, you know - Junior League - charity bazaars - I used to sell kisses for the Milk Fund.
Mineral baths - now really!
Thank you.
I must be - because your glasses are beginning to steam up.
Lets throw another log on the fire.
Well - ?
So inhale!
You're not giving yourself a chance. Don't fight it.  Relax.
Would you like a little more champagne?  And maybe if we had some music -  - how do you dim these lights?
Anything this time?
I may not be Dr. Freud or a Mayo Brother or one of those French upstairs girls - but could I take another crack at it?
Would you do me a favor?
Don't talk like that.  I'm sure there must be some girl some place that could -
Maybe if you saw a good doctor...
Is that anything?
Have you ever tried American girls?
Is it that hopeless?
How can you think about food at a time like this?
You poor, poor boy.
Talk about sad.
Oh, no!
Oh, you couldn't possibly.
What happened?
You mean you can't fall in love?
That makes me feel just awful.
Nothing at all?
Have you tried?
You mean - like frigid?
What thing?
Harmless - how?
Well, of course, I'm sure you're a gentleman.
It's not the icebergs.  But there are certain men who would try to take advantage of a situation like this.
You know, I've never been completely alone with a man before - in the middle of the night - in the middle of the ocean.
You mean we're alone on the boat?
What's on Thursdays?
Where's your shell collection?
Water polo - isn't that terribly dangerous?
Look at all that silverware.
Bon voyage.
I don't mind if I do.
A herring?  Isn't it amazing how they get those big fish into those little glass jars?
What is it?
What a beautiful fish.
It's exquisite - like a floating mansion.
Oh - in here.
Oh, you have an upstairs and a downstairs.
Love it.  Which way?
My dad is more interested in railroads. Baltimore and Ohio.  Which is the port and which is the starboard?
Three?
It looked so small from the beach - but when you're on it, it's more like a cruiser - or a destroyer.
It's not how long it takes - it's who's taking you.
Looks like they're on the wrong track.
It's sort of funny - you being out of gas - I mean, Shell Oil and everything -
It's the thought that counts.
Thank you.  And thank you for the flowers.
Been waiting long?
Oh, Josephine - just imagine - me, Sugar Kowalczyk, from Sandusky, Ohio, on a millionaire's yacht.  If my mother could only see me now -
For me?  It's Shell Oil.
I guess he's not going to show up - it's give minutes to one - you suppose he forgot?
Because he said he's coming to hear us play - maybe.
Anyway, you're going to meet him tonight.
Oh, I'm not going to let this one get away. He's so cute - collects shells.
Well, he's young and handsome and a bachelor - and he's a real gentleman - not one of these grabbers.
Shell Oil, Junior.  He's got millions - he's got glasses - and he's got a yacht.
Guess!
The most wonderful thing happened -
Josephine.
And you will come to hear us tonight?
Well, I guess I'd better go -
Yes, you're in the way.  He's waiting for a signal from his yacht.
Shell Oil?
You collect shells?
Oh?
Why?
I thought you might like to come to the hotel and hear us play.
Maybe I'll tell you when I know you a little better.  What are you doing tonight?
You see, I have this theory about men with glasses.
You're very kind.  I'll bet you're also very gentle - and helpless -
- and always the same Four Hundred.
- opening of the Opera -
They do indeed.  Daddy threatened to cut me off without a cent, but I don't care. It was such a bore - coming-out parties, cotillions -
So do I.  as a matter of fact, I spent three years at the Sheboygan Conservatory of Music.
Yeah.  Real hot.
Oh, yes.  Quite.  You know - Vassar, Bryn Mawr - we're only doing this for a lark.
Well - a group of us are appearing at the hotel. Sweet Sue and Her Society Syncopators.
No - the ukulele.  And I sing.
I'll bet just while we were talking, you made like a hundred thousand dollars.
How's the stock market?
That's very interesting.
I'm not interested at all.
And who mixes the cocktails - your wife?
I quite agree.  Tell me, who runs up that flat - your wife?
Which one is yours - the big one?
You have a yacht?
Your view of what?
That must be it.
Your face is familiar.
Are you staying at the hotel?
Haven't I seen you somewhere before?
Who are you?
Well, don't worry.  I won't sue you - no matter who you are.
Why?
I don't think so.
My fault.
She doesn't need one.  I don't have one either.
What makes you so sure?
What else?  And was I ever crazy about him. Two in the morning, he sent me down for knackwurst and potato salad - they were out of potato salad, so I brought coleslaw - so he threw it right in my face.
414 - that's the same room number I had in Cincinnati - my last time around with a male band. What a heel he was.
I wish they'd put us in the same room.
I'll bet there isn't one of them under seventy-five.
Thanks, honey.
Would you mind terribly?
Bienstock.  He snores to beat the band. We cut cards to see who sleeps over him, and I always lose.  Wouldn't you know?
I might as well stay in there. I won't be able to sleep anyway.
What's happened?
Happy days.
They get those weak eyes from reading - you know, all those long columns of tiny figures in the Wall Street Journal.
Men who wear glasses are so much more gentle and sweet and helpless. Haven't you ever noticed?
I want mine to wear glasses.
Maybe you'll meet one too, Josephine.
Oh, I don't care how rich he is - as long as he has a yacht and his own private railroad car and his own toothpaste.
Millionaires.  Flocks of them.  They all go south for the winter.  Like birds.
About the future.  You know - like a husband?  That's why I'm glad we're going to Florida.
That's a quarter of a century. Makes a girl think.
You know I'm going to be twenty-five in June?
I can tell you one thing - it's not going to happen to me again.  Ever. I'm tired of getting the fuzzy end of the lollipop.
So you pull yourself together and you go on to the next job, and the next saxophone player, and it's the same thing all over again.  See what I mean? - not very bright.
Then one morning you wake up and the saxophone is gone and the guy is gone, and all that's left behind is a pair of old socks and a tube of toothpaste, all squeezed out.
You don't know what they're like. You fall for them and you love 'em - you think it's going to be the biggest thing since the Graf Zeppelin - and the next thing you know they're borrowing money from you and spending it on other dames and betting on the horses -
That's why I joined this band. Safety first.  Anything to get away from those bums.
But you're a girl, thank goodness.
Every time!
Especially tenor sax.  I don't know what it is, but they just curdle me.  All they have to do is play eight bars of "Come to Me My Melancholy Baby" - and my spine turns to custard, and I get goose-pimply all over - and I come to them.
You see, I have this thing about saxophone players.
I can't trust myself.  The moment I'd start with a new band - bingo!
I'll say.
That's what I'm running away from. I worked with six different ones in the last two years.  Oh, brother!
Have you ever been with a male band?
I used to sing with male bands. But I can't afford it any more.
No, just dumb.  If I had any brains, I wouldn't be on this crummy train with this crummy girls' band.
I'm not very bright, I guess.
Better keep a lookout.
Put it here.
All the girls drink - but I'm the one that gets caught.  That's the story of my life. I always get the fuzzy end of the lollipop.
Don't get me started on that.  Want a drink?  It's bourbon.
I play the ukulele.  And I sing too.
On the Baltimore and Ohio.
Yes.  I come from a very musical family. My mother is a piano teacher and my father was a conductor.
If they catch me once more, they'll boot me out of the band.  You the replacement for the bass and the sax?
