There are many things that can exert control over one's life, good and bad. Religion, greed, philanthropy, drugs.
Why?
I'm glad you feel that way, because I feel that way, too.
Do you feel there is more progress to be made?
Do you want to leave therapy?
That you are under no obligation to me?
You understand that you are free to leave therapy at any time?
It's possible that Graham has hidden motives for disliking therapy and/or therapists. Perhaps he has problems of his own that he is unwilling to deal with, and he would like to see other people, you for instance, wallow in their situation just as he does. Do you think that's possible?
Ann, in life one has to be aware of hidden agendas.  Did it occur to you that Graham may have his own reasons for not wanting you to be in therapy?
I thought that's what I did. Who was it that you talked to?
What brought this on?
Let me rephrase. Were you attracted to him?
Did you find him attractive?
Is he still at your house?
The friend of John's that was staying at your house.
Did you confront John about the visitor?
No, I haven't.
Radon leakage?
So it was recently that you tried this.
I take it you've never masturbated?
Did you masturbate?
Did you do anything?
Perhaps he senses your hesitance at being touched.
Prior to this feeling, were you comfortable having physical contact with him?
When did you begin having this feeling?
This unexpected visit notwithstanding, how are things with John?
But he asked you to quit your job, and you do have housework.
What upsets you about that?
Are you afraid of his reaction? Of his finding you silly for thinking of such things?
If you think about it, I think you'll see that the object of your obsession is invariably something negative that you couldn't possibly have any control over.
Well, last week we talked about your obsession with the families of airline fatalities, and now we're talking about your concern over the garbage problem.
Ann, do you see a pattern here?
Do you have any idea what triggered this concern?
No, I didn't.
Yes, I remember. What do you do when these moods overtake you?
