God damn you!!
You bitch. I knew it.
You son of a bitch!!
Bastard...
Goddam right.
Answer me, godammit!! Did you make one of those tapes?
You're leaving me for him, aren't you? Well, that makes a sad sort of sense. He can't, and you won't.
Goddammit, goddammit!! That son of a bitch!!  Well, at least I know you didn't fuck him.
Where did you go when you left here?
Why?
What?
Jesus Christ! What the hell happened? I came home and your car was gone, the door was open, I thought for sure you'd been abducted by some mad fucker, I was literally just calling the cops when you walked in. What happened?
Quitting your therapy won't feed the children of Ethiopia.
Isn't therapy helping at all?
Yeah. Jeez, give me some credit.
I don't, either. I mean, Cynthia, of all people. She's so...
I'm sorry. It's just... I'm under a lot of pressure with this Kirkland thing, it's my first big case as junior partner, and I work all day, I come home, I look forward to seeing you, and... it hurts that you accuse me like that.
Goddam right. I mean, can you imagine: "Your honor, I'm positive this man is guilty. I can't place him at the scene or establish a motive, but I have this really strong feeling."
Look, this conversation is utterly ridiculous. Maybe when you have some evidence, we should talk, but don't give me conjecture and intuition.
I'm not either!!
I was just saying, you know? I didn't get paranoid when you didn't want to make love. I could have easily assumed that you didn't want to because you were having an affair.
For God's sake, Ann, I am not fucking your sister. I don't find her that attractive, for one.
Ann, you are completely paranoid. Not ten minutes ago I wanted to make love for the first time in weeks, and you act like I'm dipped in shit. You know, I think there are a lot of women that would be glad to have a young, straight male making a pretty good living beside them in bed with a hard on.
There's nothing to know, Ann.
No, I'm not. Frankly, I'm offended at the accusation.
Jesus Christ, where'd that come from? I have a late lunch by myself and now I'm fucking somebody?
Something wrong?
I ate by myself.
Then maybe I saw an old message. There are a lot of them on my desk, you know.
Yes. I just got busy.
Tuesday. I had a late lunch.
Mmmmm...
Stay away from the Garden District. Serious crime. I don't know what kind of place you're looking for, but there are a lot of studio-type apartments available elsewhere.
Are you going to see Elizabeth while you're here?
That's the first thing that ran through my mind when I saw you. I thought this is not the same man that rode the unicycle naked through the homecoming parade.
I knew it, I knew it. Things are getting complicated.
Maybe I don't want to leave. Maybe I want to talk.
God, you... you're mean.
I can't believe I let him stay in my house. Right under my nose. That deviant fucker was right under my nose and I didn't see him.
Graham.
Did he put you up to this?
Well, I'm here now. I'd like to do something...
Look, are we going to do it or not?
By definition you're lying to Ann, too.
It hurts that you would say that to me.
What do you mean?
You trust him.
You realize you have no recourse legally? This stuff could show up anywhere.
It just wasn't a smart thing to do. Did you sign any sort of paper, or did he have any contract with you saying he wouldn't broadcast these tapes?
I just... Ann is very...
It's just something I'd prefer she didn't know about.
I wish you hadn't done that.
You told Ann about this?
Interact, fine, but did you have to masturbate in front of him, for God's sake? I mean...
Jesus. I could almost understand it if he was screwing these people, almost. Why doesn't he just buy some magazines or porno movies or something?
Jesus Christ. And he doesn't have sex with any of them? They just talk?
What if this tape gets into the wrong hands?
Shit, after what you've told me, I don't know. I should've known, when he showed up dressed like some arty brat.
That you... you don't even know the guy.
It's just so blatantly stupid, I have a hard time believing you did it.
Do you want me to stop calling?
Nothing wrong with trying.
She's there? What's she doing there?
Cynthia. John.
Jesus, I don't know if I can get away. I've got a client waiting. I'd have to do some heavy duty juggling.
When?
John Millaney.
You know what I mean.
Oh.  Well, when, then?
Cynthia. John.
In here!!
Cynthia. John. Meet me at my house in exactly one hour.
You're intrigued?
Cynthia, I don't think you want to, I mean, you should see the way he dresses. I really think he's in a bad way.
Maybe.
No, I mean doing it at my house.
Could be risky.
Who said I was jealous?
I hate the thought of guys hitting on you all the time.
I wish you'd quit that bartending job.
Right.
I have a friend coming in from out of town, I'll probably be spending some time with him the next couple of days.
I can't let my lunch hour go on too long. I've already skipped one meeting.
I've got to get back to the office.
Shut up!!!
Answer him, goddammit!!
Goddamit...
Your keys, asshole!! Your two fucking keys!! Give them to me!!
Give me your keys.
Graham, I swear to Christ I'll kill your scrawny ass. Now give me those tapes.
I'm not kidding, Graham, you'd better do what I say. Give me those tapes.
I need help? Whose sitting by himself in a room choking his chauncey to a bunch of videotapes, Graham? Not me, buddy. You're the fucking nut. Now show me those tapes.
What the hell do you think? I love Ann. You think I'm going to tell her about Cynthia and hurt her feelings like that?
So is my wife, asshole!!
You know which tapes! Where are they?
Where are the tapes, Graham?
Especially if you want to leave someplace in a hurry.
Get rid of the car when you get your apartment, then you'll still have one key.
What do you mean?
Really. How'd it go?
You were prying before?
Yeah, it's not bad. Usually Ann has some serious salt action going. I keep telling her, you can always add more if you want, but you can't take it out.
What do you think the Greeks would make of that outfit you're wearing?
Yes?
Anyway, I've always said, the work is the thing. I can be happy without a marriage, but take away my work, that's different. And if Ann can't handle that, that's her problem, like we re all alone in this world, you know what I'm saying? I mean, fuck.  Jesus, what's takin' this guy?
John Millaney.
Brian Kirkland, please.
All right, jesus.
Okay, in a minute, I'm on with a client.
Yeah.
