Of course. And now I have to get back to the news. Send up some ice.
Don't worry. You're protected. Just treat this poor woman like you'd treat any other human being in trouble.
Look, you want to be gentle with that woman if she ever calls again. We're watching her very carefully... this woman has been into laudanum. It's a controlled experiment, but I suspect we'll need your cooperation before this thing is over.
Crying? Why was she crying?
Tell me. What do you want?
IN VIETNAM! ON THE GODDAMN TELEVISION!
WHAT?  What was that crazy bitch said to him?  There's a war on, man! People are being killed!
Holy shit!
What's the message? My light is blinking.
Well, thank you.
Oh, and could I get a quart of Wild Turkey, two fifths of Baccardi, and a night's worth of ice delivered to my room, please?
My bags are out there in that white Cadillac convertible. Can you have someone drive it around to the room?
Of course, I could hear what the Clerk was really saying...
Righto!
Not for me.
Look. That telegram was all scrambled. It was actually from Thompson, not to him. Western Union must have gotten the names reversed. I have to get going. I have to get out to the track.
Of course. But if I were you, I'd leave the Doctor alone until after he's eaten breakfast. He's a very crude man.
Awake? What do you mean?
You did the right thing. Never try to understand a press message. About half the time we use codes -- especially with Dr. Gonzo.
He is. Don't worry, I'll get it to him.
Yes... It makes sense.
Dobermans don't talk.
Cut their goddamn heads off. Every one of them. That's what we're doing in California.
Naked.
Not where we operate.
They're everywhere. Nobody's safe. And sure as hell not in the South. They like warm weather... You'd never believe it. In L.A. it's out of control. First it was drugs, now it's witchcraft.
Rum and ice, please.
Don't worry...  ...and I'm actually the District Attorney from Ignoto County.  Just another good American like yourself.
Oh, my God!...
I know. I'm a triple Scorpio.
Las Vegas.
Wait a minute! Come back and have a beer!
Never mind. Let's get right to the heart of this thing. Twenty-four hours ago we were sitting in the Pogo Lounge of the Beverly Wills Hotel...
I didn't think so. Because in spite of his race, this man is extremely valuable to me. Hell, I forgot all about this beer. You want one?  How about some ether?
I want you to understand that this man at the wheel is my attorney! He's not just some dingbat I found on the Strip. He's a foreigner. I think he's probably Samoan. But it doesn't matter, does it? Are you prejudiced?
Don't take any guff from those swine. Remember, if you have any trouble you can always send a telegram to the Right People.
Ridiculous! Just say you were hitchhiking to the airport and I picked you up. You never saw me before. Shit, this town is full of white Cadillac convertibles. I plan to go through there so fast that nobody will even glimpse the goddamn license plate. You ready?
Never missed a plane yet.
We had abused every rule that Vegas lived by -- burning the locals, abusing the tourists, terrifying the help. The only chance now, I felt, was the possibility that we'd gone to such excess that nobody in the position to bring the hammer down on us could possibility believe it.
Her eyes were turgid with fear, but her brain was functioning on some basic motor survival level.
I was stupid with shock -- not knowing whether to run or start laughing.
There was nothing in the atmosphere of the North Star to put me on my guard...
Yeh... This foreign made crap -- is sucking our dollar balance dry!
Inspector Rock will pay you. In cash. A thousand dollars on the ninth of every month.
Do you think you can handle it?
So do we, lady.
FINISH THE FUCKING STORY! What happened?! What about the glands?
Yes!
Right!
Extract of pineal!
Why not? We should get some of that. Just eat a big handful and see what happens.
I could already feel the stuff working on me -- the first wave felt like a combination of mescaline and methedrine -- maybe I should take a swim, I thought...
Jesus... what kind of monster client have you picked up this time? There's only one source for this stuff -- the adrenaline gland from a living human body!
Where'd you get this?
I remember slumping on the bed, his performance had given me a bad jolt. For a moment I thought his mind had snapped -- that he actually believed he was being attacked by invisible enemies. But the room was quiet again.
I remember thinking, "Jesus, what a terrible thing to lay on somebody with a head full of acid."
Adrenochrome...
What is this?
It's gone too far.
Me?
Lucy is looking for you.
They'll fight like hell if you try to take the head without the dogs.
We keep it quiet. It's not the kind of thing you'd want to talk about upstairs. Not with the press around.
What's wrong with you? Hell, somebody has to do it.
They were all veterans.
Like big lizards.
What could they do? The guy that took the head was about six-seven, and maybe three-hundred pounds. He was packing two Lugers, and the others had M-16s.
Just the other day we had a case where they grabbed a girl right out of a McDonald's hamburger stand. She was a waitress, about sixteen years old... with a lot of people watching, too!
Man, you don't know trouble until you have to face down a bunch of these addicts gone crazy for human sacrifice!
Right. Sure as hell some dope-dealing bomb freak is going to recognize you and put the word out that you're partying with a thousand cops.
Don't mention that word around here. You'll get them excited.
They're actually nice people when you get to know them.
Maybe we should take it easy tonight.
That's good. You can't be subtle in this town.
I felt like a Nazi, but it had to be done.
Us?
What?... What kind of goddamn monster are you?
The only alternative was to take her out to the desert and feed her remains to the lizards. But, it seemed a bit heavy for the thing we were trying to protect: My attorney.
You'll go straight to the gas chamber. And even if you manage to beat that, they'll send you back to Nevada for Rape and Consentual Sodomy. She's got to go.
In a few hours, she'll probably be sane enough to work herself into a towering Jesus-based rage at the hazy recollection of being seduced by some kind of cruel Samoan who fed her liquor and LSD, dragged her to a Vegas hotel room and savagely penetrated every orifice in her body with his throbbing, uncircumcised member.
I figure she can do about four at a time. Christ, if we keep her full of acid that's more like two grand a day. Maybe three.
It's straight economics. This girl is a god-send. Shit, she can make us a grand a day.
She's perfect for this gig. These cops will go fifty bucks a head to beat her into submission and then gang fuck her. We can set her up in one of these back street motels, hang pictures of Jesus all over the room, then turn these pigs loose on her... Hell she's strong; she'll hold her own.
Well... It'll probably work out. We can keep her loaded and peddle her ass at the drug convention.
Lucy.
WELL? What are your plans?
You degenerate pig!
What? Fuck telegrams. I'm in trouble. You worthless bastard. I'll cripple your ass for this! All that shit in the car is yours! You understand that? When I finish testifying out here you'll be disbarred!
You bastard! I need a lawyer immediately!
There's no choice. I wouldn't dare go to sleep with you wandering around with a head full of acid and wanting to slice me up with that goddamn knife!
Why not? Hell, just a minute ago, you were asking me to kill you! And now you want to kill me! What I should do, goddamnit, is call the police!
Why worry? You'll like it. Nothing in the world like a Mace high. Forty- five minutes on your knees with the dry heaves...
Are you ready?
Jesus.
Not me. It would blast you through the wall -- stone dead in ten seconds and they'd make me explain it!
Don't touch it! Get back in that tub!
How about a check?
OK. But do me one last favor, will you. Can you give me two hours? That's all I ask -- just two hours to sleep before tomorrow. I suspect it's going to be a very difficult day.
You're doomed. I'm leaving here in two hours and then they're going to come up here and beat the mortal shit out of you with big saps. Right there in that tub.
What tape?
You evil son of a bitch. You better hope there's some Thorazine in that bag, because if there's not, you're in bad trouble.
Look you better put that blade away and get your head straight. I have to put the car in the lot.
What limes?
Where'd you get that knife?
That little blonde groupie with the film crew? You think he sodomized her?
He told me he was turning in early...
No, we should leave the poor bastard alone. I get the feeling that he's avoiding us for some reason.
What for?
Don't run. They'd like any excuse to shoot us.
Don't go near that elevator. That's just what they want us to do... trap us in a steel box and take us down to the basement.
Probably the bartender. He wanted to stomp you for what you said to the waitress.
It won't stop. It's not ever going to stop.
OK. Lets pay this bill and get up very slowly. It's going to be a long walk.
That depends on how many people we fuck with between here and the door.
OK. I'll lend you some money. Let's go outside and see how much we have left.
Calm down. You'll be straight in a few hours.
GO?
Not much. Why?
Look over there. Two women fucking a Polar Bear.
Nonsense. We came here to find the American Dream, and now we're right in the vortex you want to quit. You must realize that we've found the Main Nerve.
Dogs fucked the Pope, no fault of mine. Watch out!... Why money? My name is Brinks; I was born... Born?
Some angry Rotarian shoves you and you think: What's happening here? What's going on? Then you hear yourself mumbling.
This is the place. They'll never fuck with us here.
Did the mescaline just kick in? Or was that Debbie Reynolds in a silver Afro wig?!
Holy shit! They almost had us there! That was quick thinking.
Why?
Look, what are we doing here? Are we here to entertain ourselves, or to do the job?
Total control now. Tooling along the main drag on a Saturday night in Vegas, two good old boys in a fire apple red convertible... stoned, ripped, twisted... Good people!
They'll probably have a big net for us when we show up.
That's good...
What are you talking about?
Not yet. I want to study its habits.
No, no. Don't leave me!
But what about our room? And the golf shoes?
I was right in the middle of a fucking reptile zoo. And somebody was giving booze to these goddamn things! It won't be long before they tear us to shreds!
Lacerda?
Thirty minutes. It was going to be very close.
How long do I have?
You whore!
God didn't do that! You did it! You're a fucking narcotics agent, that was our cocaine, you pig!
And eat them! That bastard won't get away with this! What's going on in this country when a scum sucker like that can get away with sandbagging a Doctor of Journalism?
Pay no attention to this swine. He can't handle the medicine.
You scurvy shyster bastard! Watch your language! You're talking to a Doctor of Journalism!
The medicine? Yes, it's right here.
He said he understood, but I could see in his eyes that he didn't. He was lying to me.
My attorney understands this concept, despite his racial handicap. But do you?!
...and we're chock full of that!
We will. You Samoans are all the same. You have no faith in the essential decency of the white man's culture.
Don't take any guff from these swine.  Now we need a sound store with the finest equipment. Nothing dinky. One of those new Belgian Heliowatts with a voice-activated shotgun mike, for picking up conversations in oncoming cars.
I tell you, my man. This is the American Dream in action! We'd be fools not to ride this strange torpedo all the way to the end.
Why not? If a thing's worth doing, it's worth doing right.
Or just think it? Was I talking? Did they hear me?
Jesus! Did I say that?
If so -- well, we'll just have to cut his head off and bury him somewhere. Because it goes without saying that we can't turn him loose. He'd report us at once to some kind of outback Nazi law enforcement agency, and they'll run us down like dogs...
No more of that talk or I'll put the leeches on you.
One toke. You poor fool. Wait till you see those goddamn bats.
The password is: "One Hand Washes The Other." The minute you hear that, you say "I fear nothing."
You're damn right. But the first time you say anything about this, to anybody -- you'll go straight to prison for the rest of your life. What's your name?
Maybe she's telling the truth. Maybe she's not part of it.
The dope ring. You must know what's going on in this hotel. Why do you think we're here?
What made you do it? Who paid you off?
YOU'RE UNDER ARREST!
I'll try. I've been wanting to go to Baker for a long time. I've heard a lot about it.
How far is Baker? I was hoping to stop there for lunch.
A nap won't help. I've been awake for too long -- three or four nights. I can't even remember. If I go to sleep now, I'm dead for twenty hours.
Yeah. I know. I'm guilty. I understand that. I knew it was a crime but I did it anyway. Shit, why argue? I'm a fucking criminal.
Why not? It was getting warm anyway.
Of course, officer.
