You know what I mean. We've done it before and we can damn well do it again!
You're going to need to take the bull by the horns -- go to the mat with this scum.
That's how he got so big. When he quit the Marines he was just a little guy.
He wanted the pineal gland.
We know where he lives, but we can't get near the house.
Yeh. The big guy used to be a major in the Marines.
Do? Jesus Christ, man. They chopped her goddamn head off right there in the parking lot! Then they cut all kinds of holes in her head and sucked out the blood!
They'll climb right into your bedroom and sit on your chest with big Bowie knives. They might even sit on your wife's chest. Put the blade right down on her throat.
You will. One of these nights you'll wake up and find a junkie tearing your bedroom apart.
Yeah... Explaining my Position. Some asshole wrote a poem about that once...
Why not? But for Christ's sake, just do it fast!
No! I can't get out! They'll crucify me. I'll have to take the blame!
The airport is over there!
What are you doing? You were supposed to turn back there!
How much is the lemon meringue pie?
Two glasses of ice water with ice.
Fuck the car. They should make these things with a goddamn FM radio.
Alright, Alice... you'll be contacted by Inspector Rock. Arthur Rock. He'll be posing as a politician.
I think we should put her on the payroll. See what she comes up with.
Man I'll try about anything; but I'd never touch a pineal gland.
...then you'd notice about six huge hairy tits swelling up on your back...
...grow claws... bleeding warts.
Man, your head would swell up like a watermelon, you'd probably gain about a hundred pounds in two hours...
Sure. That's a good idea. One whiff of that shit would turn you into something out of a goddamn medical encyclopedia.
Some of what?
I know, but the guy didn't have any cash to pay me. He's one of these Satanism freaks. He offered me human blood -- said it would take me higher than I've ever been in my life.  I thought he was kidding, so I told him I'd just as soon have an ounce or so of pure adrenochrome -- or maybe just a fresh adrenaline gland to chew on.
Never mind, it's absolutely pure.
Hi, Lucy?  Yeah, it's me. I got your message... what? Hell, no, I taught the bastard a lesson he'll never forget... what?  No, not dead, but he won't be bothering anybody for a while. Yeah. I left him out there, I stomped him, then pulled all his teeth out...
You won't need much. Just a little tiny taste, that stuff makes pure mescaline seem like ginger-beer. Adrenochrome.
Relax. Let me handle this.  You'd make a piss-poor lawyer... Room 1600, please.  As your attorney, I advise you not to worry.  Take a hit out of that little brown bottle in my shaving kit.
OK, goddamnit!... Look... I'll call her. I'll get her off our backs. You're right. She's my problem.
She really flipped over you. The only way I could get rid of her was by saying you were taking me out to the desert for a showdown -- that you wanted me out of the way so you could have her all to yourself.  I guess she figures you won. That phone message wasn't for me, was it?
No, she's looking for you.
Good work.  They'll treat us like goddamn lepers after that.
Sometimes it's easier to just rip out the backstraps.
Sure. It's all on the Q.T., but everybody who matters is with us all the way down the line.
Hurry up with those drinks. We're thirsty. Only two rums. Make mine a Bloody Mary.
Yeh, naked!... except for the weapons.
...and every one of them stacked naked...
They just ran back out into Death Valley -- you know, where Manson turned up...
Hell, in Malibu alone, these goddamn Satan worshippers kill six or eight people every day. All they want is the blood. They'll take people right off the street if they have to.
Read the newspapers.
This is a fucking nightmare.
Man, I know these people in my goddamn blood!
I saw these bastards in Easy Rider, but I didn't believe they were real. Not like this. Not hundreds of them!
Right. Let's find a good seafood restaurant and eat some red salmon. I feel a powerful lust for red salmon...
As your attorney, I advise you to tell me where you put the goddamn mescaline.
I gave the cabbie an extra ten bucks to make sure she gets there safe. Also, I told him I'd be there myself in an hour, and if she wasn't, I'd come back out here and rip his lungs out.
Okay, Lucy, it's time to go meet Barbra...
It just occurred to me, that she has no witnesses. Anything that she says about us is completely worthless.
We have to cut her loose. She's got two hundred dollars. And we can always call the cops up there in Montana, where she lives, and turn her in.
NO! I felt sorry for the girl, I wanted to help her!
You filthy bastard. I should cave your fucking head in.
NO! Stop talking like that.
Jesus Christ. I knew you were sick but I never expected to hear you actually say that kind of stuff.
Listen, she's running away from home for something like the fifth time in six months. It's terrible.
Shit. I met her on the plane and I had all that acid.  You know, those little blue barrels. I gave her a cap before I realized... she's a religious freak... Jesus, she's never even had a drink.
Plans?
It can't be helped. This is Lucy.  You know -- like "Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds."
You're supposed to be in Vegas. We have a suite at the Flamingo. I was just about to leave for the airport.
What are you doing in Baker? Didn't you get my telegram?
Who said anything about slicing you up? I just wanted to carve a little Z on your forehead. Nothing serious.
The cops?
You cheap honky sonofabitch...
You bastard! You'd do that, wouldn't you?
Fuck yes. I was beginning to think I was going to have to go out and get one of the goddamn maids to do it.
Do it! I want to get HIGHER!
BULLSHIT! Don't make me use this.
Back the tape up. I need it again! Let it roll! Just as high as the fucker can go! And when it comes to that fantastic note where the rabbit bites its own head off, I want you to THROW THAT FUCKING RADIO INTO THE TUB WITH ME!
I want that fucking radio!
Whatever's right.
Of course, I'm your attorney, I'll give you all the time you need, at my normal rates: $45 an hour -- but you'll be wanting a cushion, so, why don't you just lay one of those $100 bills down there beside the radio, and fuck off?
I dig my own graves. Green water and the White Rabbit. Put it on.
Jefferson Airplane. "White Rabbit." I want a rising sound.
Music! Turn it up. Put that tape on.
Have you made a deal with him? Did you put him on to her?
They didn't have any. They don't grow in the desert.
Room service sent it up. I wanted something to cut the limes.
That's right, laugh about it! You goddamn honkies are all the same!
That dirty bastard! I knew it! He's got hold of my woman!
Don't kid yourself. That Portuguese son of a bitch is dangerous. He's watching us like a hawk.
Let's go up there and blast him out of bed with the fire hose.
Yeah... I thought we might need it...
You drive! I think there's something wrong with me.
Good God! Let's get out of here! Where's the elevator?
Did you see that? Some sonofabitch kicked me in the back.
When does this thing stop?
Do they pay you to screw that bear?
I want to leave fast.
Can we make it?
No. This is serious. One more hour in this town and I'll kill somebody!
Yes. Leave the country. Tonight.
I have to go.
Please, don't tell me those things... Not now.  This is my last drink. How much money can you lend me?
That's what gives me The Fear.
I hate to say this, but this place is getting to me. I think I'm getting The Fear.
Get sheep over side... women and children to armored car... orders from Captain Zeep.
Where's the ether? This mescaline isn't working.
We wandered into a fucking time capsule!
Jesus creeping shit!
What do you expect? I'm your attorney. You owe me five bucks. I want it now.
Why what?
To do the job, of course. Here we go... a Crab Louie and quart of muscatel for twenty dollars!
How about "Nickel Nick's Slot Arcade?" "Hot Slots," that sounds heavy. Twenty- nine cent hotdogs...
I think he's lying to us. I could see it in his eyes.
You bastard! They'll never let us back in that place. I leave you alone for three minutes and you start waving that goddamn marlin spike around -- yelling about reptiles! You scared the shit out of those people! They were ready to call the cops. Hell, the only reason they gave us press passes was to get you out of there...
Shoot it.
That's the press table. Where you have to sign in for our credentials. Shit, let's get it over with. You handle that, and I'll check on the room.
I just went upstairs to see this man Lacerda. I told him I knew what he was up to...  He says he's a photographer! But when I mentioned Savage Henry he freaked! He knows we're onto him!
If you think we're in trouble now wait until you see what's happening in the elevators.
Two Cuba Libres with beer and mescal on the side.  Who's Lacerda, he's waiting for us in a room on the twelfth floor?
Maybe thirty more minutes. As your attorney, I advise you to drive at top speed. It'll be a goddamn miracle if we can get there before you turn into a wild animal. Are you ready for that? Checking into a Vegas hotel under a phony name with intent to commit capital fraud and a head full of acid.
You better be careful. Plenty of vultures out here. They'll pick your bones clean before morning.
Oh, Jesus! Did you see what god just did to us?
Savage Henry has cashed his check! We're going to rip his lungs out!
The truth is we're going to Vegas to croak a scag baron named Savage Henry. I've known him for years but he ripped us off -- and you know what that means, right?
What the fuck are we doing out here? Somebody call the police! We need help!
Turn up the fucking music! My heart feels like an alligator! Volume! Clarity! Bass! We must have bass! What's wrong with us? Are you goddamn old ladies?
Where's the medicine?
My heart!
Damn right!
We won't make the nut unless we have unlimited credit.
O.K., O.K., yes. Hang onto it. We'll be there in thirty minutes.  I finally located a car with adequate horsepower and the proper coloring.  What?! OF COURSE the gentleman has a major credit card! Do you realize who the fuck you're talking to?
Indeed. We must do it. What kind of story is this?
God hell! I think I see the pattern! This one sounds like real trouble! You're going to need plenty of legal advice before this thing is over. As your attorney I must advise you that you'll need a very fast car with no top and after that, the cocaine. And then the tape recorder, for special music, and some Acapulco shirts...  This blows my weekend, because naturally I'll have to go with you -- and we'll have to arm ourselves.
It's okay. He's admiring the shape of your skull.
We're your friends. We're not like the others.
"One toke over the line, sweet Jesus."
Don't worry, it's all over now. Thank God for the decent people.
Oh, and don't bother to make up the room. That way we won't have to risk another of these little incidents, will we?
You and a lot of other people.
One phone call every day. Just tell us what you've seen. Don't worry if it doesn't add up, that's our problem.
In that case, maybe she can help.
Come on, baby don't try to tell us you never heard of the Grange Gorman.
Bullshit! You're just as much a part of it as they are!
You're lying! You were after the evidence. Who put you up to this -- the manager?
