Anyday...
I guess he misses a lot of dinners.
Well, he's going to get the best home-cooked meal he's had in... in a long time. You tell Superman we think he's wonderful.
Me too. That's why I put this one up.
Well, aren't you excited?
He really was!
The dog's always doing that.  And the car's always doing that.
Oh, I wouldn't want to -- I mean, I'd want to, but I wouldn't want to...be a nuisance to you.
No, what you said before, Could I make it in Metropolis? I've dreamed about it, sure, but I never really thought about it.  What would I do when I got there?
That's the biggest change in Smallville, you know. They've taken over this town. Everybody who isn't actually working for Wheat King -- like I do -- is out there --  on a Wheat King thresher.  Do you think I could do it? Do you?
No. I mean, yes they are, but I was talking about that.  Wheat King. Bet your bottom dollar that's a Wheat King thresher.
I can never get a way from it.
So...how much longer do you think you'll be in Smallville --
Gee, I haven't laughed like that since -- since --  I really can't remember when.
Pate? What pate?  I didn't make any --  Oh, no, Clark. That's Buster's dog food.
No, I mean Ricky. He's not interested in any of this stuff.
Peanut butter and jelly.
No, all the good ones are married. That's why Brad thinks he's God's gift to women. This woman anyway. He's single. He won't take no for an answer, but he's the only one who's asking. And he knows it.
And even nicer when there's a man around, Which isn't all that often.
I'm talking about salt.  Oh, go ahead, pour it on, relax. That's what picnics are for.
Clark, I think you worry too much about mayonnaise.
Some people don't think it's healthy.
I mean him.
It isn't only that he's small for his age. how would you like to be the only kid in town without a father?  Look at him, he's stewed to the gills in the middle of the afternoon.
I just can't stand this.
I thought "Clark Kent has a really nice voice." You didn't even know I was there.
That song. I remember one day I came into the music room and you were fooling around at the piano. And I thought -- what am I going to do with all this potato salad?
You...um...you never got married?
Ricky. My little boy. At least here we've got a house. and I've got a job. Okay, I'm only a secretary, oaky, but it pays the bills. Except for last winter when the fuel bills kept going up and up and up.  I even had to pawn my diamond ring then.
That's easy to say. But how? And what about Ricky?
No, the problem is --  Why do I stay in Smallville? Believe me, I've asked myself the same question. Do you know how lucky you are to live in Metropolis?  The Big Apricot.
Mayonnaise? Donald loved mayonnaise. Why would you think that was the problem.?
You know what's the problem?
There must be a gallon of potato salad left over.
And three years after the Royal Wedding, the King abdicated.  Isn't that terrible?
You'd be surprised how many offers I didn't get. Even Brad wouldn't stick around for this.  It really isn't easy.
I can't  Clark already asked me.  Didn't you?  He used to love this song.  Didn't you?  So he just said --  "Would you dance with me?"
For reminding me, I mean. Can you follow me?
And here I am, just standing here. That's terrible. Thank you.
You look wonderful.
Clark.
Listen, are you sure you shouldn't do something about the bridge?
But the bridge...
He was asleep before his head hit the pillow.  Well, this was only the biggest day of his life. I really don't know how to thank you.
Well...I guess they did get a little carried away.
And this is...  ...Clark.  My friend is around here somewhere, I'll just look for...
Oh. I'm Lana Lang. This is Ricky.
Thank ...you.
Ricky?  Where...what...
