Join the party, genius! Come on up!
Can't wait, pal, can't wait.
Remember, Gus. A machine doesn't want anything except to keep on being a machine. You've got to make sure it can figure out how to beat any opponent.
Can you do that?
But a machine this powerful is going to make powerful enemies. People who will want to destroy it.
Exactly. Stoned mother.
Gus, it seems we are talking state-of-the-art technology here. We are talking unlimited power. We are talking "get-down hot-cha daddy-o" whatever you called it.
It looks wonderful. it is wonderful, let's face it.
Tell me more...
What will it get me?
What will it do?
You designed it?
We've already got some.
For what?
A waste-basket? GUS Those are plans.  Blueprints.
What do you want?
Is this whitemail?
Is this blackmail?
I should think a taste of freedom is enough, don't you? Or would you prefer jail?
I knew it, I knew it, go be nice to people and they think they can ask for the moon!
Thanks, kiddo. now, listen, this part's important. I want you to program one special command into all these systems. Tell them these orders are irreversible, so it'll be impossible for anybody to switch them back. Can you do that, pal?
And then shut down the pipe lines.
You catch on fast, old buddy.  Tell him about the pumps. I know how you love the part about the pumps.
And do nothing. Just sit there.
Yes, but they don't really need them. it's just a throw- back to some sentimental sea- faring baloney.
Every oil tanker and super- tanker and super-duper-tanker in the ocean is controlled. totally, by computers. Computers to tell them where to go, how much oil to take on, where to deliver it.
KRYPTONITE!
Gus, if there's anything I hate, it's greed.
God, that's what I keep you for.
Wait a second. Astronomers know where the planet used to be, right? And you know what happens when a planet explodes? Debris. Pieces floating in space.
What are you talking about, fella?
I did. isn't it neat-o?
Just the man I wanted to see!
What?
When?
Always making yourself beautiful for me, aren't you?  So, Gus, can you make Vulcan do what I want it to? You didn't answer me, pal.  Did you hear about that prison riot last week? It seems they were complaining about rats in the cells...
Like everything else in the 20th century, Gus. You push buttons.
Gus, tell me, have you ever heard of Vulcan?
A very wise man once said...I think it was Attila the Hun... "It's not enough that I succeed. Everyone else must fail."  And you are going to do it for me.
Destroy the entire Colombian coffee crop down to the last bean.
Columbia's got two major exports and one of them's coffee.
Columbia.
But y'see, chum, the problem I got is that one country just won't play ball with me.  You know how that can just bug a guy, don't you?
Under different company names. I control the price of coffee beans in Brazil. The price in Venezuela. Java, South Korea, North Korea, the Aleutian Islands, Guam, Bolivia, and the Republic of Gabon!
Plants. Plants always make an office cozier.
I don't think you understand.
Gus, do you know what I want now? I want coffee!
Gus, Webco, the Webster industrial complex, is a family-owned cartel. A little magnesium here, a little zinc there. Some railroads here, some farm machinery there. You follow?
Yes! That never occurred to me.  Her ya go, buddy, single-malt.  Gus, my friend, you're a genius. Okay, a naughty genius, but hell, nobody's perfect.
I believe they're laundered and sent to some charitable institution. I don't know what the heck they do with 'em. Maybe they use them for dust rags, or pen wipers...
Now me, I was born rich. I've never worn the same pair of socks twice.
Say, fella, I understand. I can -- what do the kids say these days -- "dig where you're comin' from."  You want to be rich, right?
You've been a naughty boy haven't you?  C'mon now, admit it, you were kinda naughty.
Mr. Gorman, just answer me one question...
Well, chum? What now? Kiss the 85 thou goodbye? Pay some thief's salary while he thinks up new ways to shake the money tree?
Now, Vera...uh, Simpson, you know my Staff Dietician?
My friend, you are yesterday. Whoever pulled this caper is tomorrow.
Missing????
It's your genius, pal! You built a machine that can find anybody's weak spot, just like you said.
He's coming! He's going to hurt me!
He's the only one who can operate this --
Wait for Gus to get here, sis.
That's it! The last tanker! They're all mine now! All...
And now that Superman's out of the Nice Guy business...
Don't you see? Okay, so you didn't kill him. Nobody's perfect. But that stuff we ran up in the lab wasn't a complete failure after all.  Right after Gus gave it to him, Superman started to turn into a selfish, ornery, malicious, conniving...
So all we've got to do is pick up the garbage.  We just have to find our where in Heaven Krypton used to be. Then good old Gus here contacts the Vulcan satellite--
The planet Superman came from. Krypton.
I just remembered the rest. There isn't any more. The only chunk that ever landed on Earth disappeared a couple of years ago. It was in this story in the Daily Planet.
Wait a minute! She's right! Kryptonite. I remember reading about it in an interview with him.  Nuts...
Nice try, Butch,  but it wouldn't be effective against Superman.  You'll see! Now that he's pulled this stunt, he'll stick his nose in my oil scheme and ruin that one, too! I've got to get rid of him! I've got to!
He ruined it! That lousy do-gooder, he ruined it.
I could have it all! Holy cats! All the oil! All the tankers! All the pumps! The gosh-darn world will be out to lunch! No heat, no gas--sis, this is some nifty idea!
We already have a super-tanker.
TOMORROW THE OIL!
You mean...you mean...Vera! Vera! The magnitude of this!!!
Well, Webco has a hundred and twelve subsidiaries and every one of them is tied to our central computer system. How about...hmmmm, someplace small...
Gus Gorman, this is my Psychic Nutritionist.
Computers talk to other computers, right?
Storms! Floods!
But if somebody re-programmed it, it could do much more.
Oh, right. Well then, just shake hands.
Get a hold of yourself, Vera.  Nobody else ever will.
