Will you stop interrupting ?!  You will command the pumps to stop pumping.
You will command the tankers to sail toward a 50-mile area in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean.
Oh Bubba, think of the possibilities.
Sister! I'm his sister!
I can't! It's out of control!
Cut the mush, Lorelei. He's after our skin!
You! Activate circuits 29 through W7 and start Full Power Coordinates on Exterior Defensive Systems:
Superman. The boy you left behind.
Come on, will you?  We've got to get ready before he gets here.
Where do you usually find a light switch?
Turn on the light.
"At a special session of the General Assembly, 178 countries voted to censure Superman. With only Columbia abstaining." ROSS That fella's becoming a public menace.
So I understand from the graffiti I've seen.
How would you know?
Energy! And when they say "Energy" what do they mean? Nuclear? too dangerous. Solar?? Too underdeveloped.
Why stop at coffee!  A cup of coffee gets the world off to work in the morning, but what keeps the world working?
If you don't mind, we are trying to hold a meeting here!
Bubba, does this woman have the right to burst in without knocking...!
Yes! This time we got it right!
Don't bet on it!
Like fish he is.  I know enough about computers to put a PHD to shame.  Come now, brother dear, you didn't think I was going to let that little man run the show, did you? Gus Gorman telling us what to do -- I'd sooner kiss a pig!
Who needs Gus?
Come on, let's give it a dry run.
Not quite. What is that in the lower right hand corner?
We can get to work on that oil!
A normal person.
So?
Where did it come from?
What's wrong?
How? Shoot him? You know about him and bullets. Not to mention knives, tanks, bombs...
Don't cry, Bubba.
Chicken feed.  If Gus Gorman can push the right buttons ---
Small potatoes.
Today coffee----
Someplace where nobody knows him so they can't connect him with us.
She's not his mama either.
Somehow your twisted little mind should be able to figure out how to tap into the main computer at the Aerospace Center and reach Vulcan.
Blizzards! Heat waves!
It could make weather!
Vulcan is the weather satellite						our government put up in orbit to monitor the weather.
I don't kiss.
That's what I want to know! By whom? Whom????
