Sit down!
You set yourself up tonight when you attacked Kathy, you crazy fuck!
Yes you are.
It's all a big game isn't it?  A sick, fuckin' game.  I don't know if there's two of you involved, or what -- but we're going to find out.  Last night you gave us just enough to send us to the wrong place.  It must've shocked the hell out to you when Frank walked in on Pine Road and you couldn't finish.
You're a lying bastard!
You sure you weren't over on Pine Road?
We're interested in where you were from the time you left the auditorium until you got there.
Homesearchers.
Then what's he talking about?
There's a photostat of the original on the wall.
You got it on the board.
Well then, you just gotta find out where he is -- and once you're sure where he is -- you shoot the fucker.
I used to.  With my old man.  He taught me how to hunt and trap.  Trapping's a lot harder than most people think.  We used to go after Raccoons mostly. They'd get into our garbage, our fields.  When an animal can't live peacefully with those around it, it has to be destroyed.  But they're crafty little devils.  You see the trick is, you can put your trap down, but no Raccoon is going come near it unless you lay down the scent.  You ever smell Raccoon scent?  Smells like shit, but to a male Raccoon it smells just like pussy.  He'll walk right up to that trap, even though it don't look nothing like a Raccoon and stick his Goddam head right in it.  You know why?  Cause he can't help himself.  The scent drives him.  So, if you want to catch a Raccoon all you gotta do is figure out where he is -- lay down the scent -- and sooner or later he'll walk right into the trap.
You ever do any hunting, Peter?
Of course it was.  Otherwise I'd be breaking and entering.  That's a felony.
The door was open.
That's right.  I guess only the killer would know that.
You know, I figure that's pretty much how these girl's feel just before they get it.  You think I'm right?
You don't tell us how to run our investigation.  You got that?
We didn't ask for your opinion, Doctor.
What in the hell do you think you're doing?  Slamming down the phone in the middle of the trace.
Are you crazy?
What?
All you gotta do is look at the map.
What do you mean, no?
Meaning, it looks like his victims are chosen at random.
Oh, we'll be back.  You can bet on it.
You like to play games, don't you, Peter?
It means, if I were a killer and I thought the police were closing in on me I might invent someone to try and put them off the scent.
You are!  I don't like you.
Casual?  You were boning her weren't you?
I think you're lying.  That's what kind of problem.
We seem to have a little problem here?
By yourself?
I've talked to a few people who say you and her were... friendly?
I gotta friend over there.  He was telling me things are kind of slow. So, I figured I'd give him a call, have him come down here and look through your records.  You know, give him something to do.
You're right, I can't make you do it. Besides, you're probably gonna be too busy with the Franchise Tax Board anyway.
I want you to feed every street in this grid into your computer.
Ready for round two?
What is it?
I spoke to Jeremy.  He's watching Sanderson's kid.  Sanderson went out after the match and hasn't come back since.
I was with him the whole time until I got the call at the hotel.
You alright?
How is she?
We've checked.  There's no one with the last name of Emma on the Island.
Yeah, I am.  I think he's playing us. If I was a killer and the police were trying to make a case against me, what better why to draw them off than to put their attention on someone else?
The F.B.I. has nothing remotely similar to this guy.  I think he's a first- timer.
Sorry.
No shit!
I'm sorry, this is just too convenient.
We wouldn't want someone's death to interfere with your games.
You think he's dirty?
What do you think?
No.  She just moved here last month from Portland.
Debi Rutlege.  Female.  Caucasian. Twenty four.  Worked over at the Four Oaks Hotel.
Sorry to ruin your trip to the city, but we got a real nut on our hands, Frank.
We'll find the evidence.
Jesus, you're sleeping with the guy. You've lost your perspective.  You can't possibly be unbiased.
Oh, c'mon.  We're not going to spend any more time on this crap, are we?  It doesn't mean anything.  It's Sanderson!
Don't fuck with us!  Where did you go!
But a hundred men could move him.
What was suspicious about him?
Did anyone look suspicious?  Think!
Did anyone stand out?
I don't know.  Maybe there's two of them.  Maybe he hired some Wino to make the calls.
Why does he call Sanderson?
You should be an actor, Frank.  You looked like you were really mad.  The veins popping out on your neck was a really nice touch.
