How'd you know I wouldn't be in the same room with her?
Very good.  How did you know?
I was thinking about leaving the phone line open so you could hear her die -- but I've decided it's better if you don't know exactly when I kill her. Good-bye Peter.
Don't beg, Peter.  She has to die.  I can't win unless she dies.
You're groping.  I have been fair. It's my move now.
No.  As usual you're wrong.  It is her I want.  Killing you would be easy. Living with the consequences of losing will be much more of a defeat.
The game's over.  You lost.
She's in the other room.  I just wanted you to know she wasn't dead... yet. But it's time for her to die now.
Congratulations on your daring escape. You just missed me by a few seconds.  It's check, Peter.
No you haven't.  And even if you had it doesn't matter.  Who would you tell? The police don't believe you, and you've just used your only phone call.
By that time the game will be over.
Emotional?  I expected more from you.
Hello, Peter.
--you're hopeless!  You can't even read a sentence!  Didn't they teach you punctuation in school?  The game ends tonight!
Interesting concept.  I hadn't thought of that.  If you think about how Anton Berger plays chess you might get it.
The police haven't told you?
I used a variation.  You should have anticipated that.  Have you figured out the message?
Very good.
Last night was very exciting, wasn't it?  Have you figured out what I'm doing?
Very nice speech, Peter.  Did you rehearse that, or was it impromptu?  There's an old wooden bench in the garden.  Next to it is a rock.  You'll find a message for you under it.  Let's see if you're as clever as you think you are.
The game's almost over, Peter, and you're running out of time.
What makes you think I was there?
What?
I couldn't tell you that.  It would ruin the game.  Not that you're playing it very well.
Have you any idea what the message is?
So is mine, within the framework of my rules.
I couldn't say it any better than Huxley.
Please, I don't want to get into the psychological aspects of my actions. It would detract from the game.
Pain?  Pain is just a state of mind. It's something you learn to live with. I have.
Just for that no hint today.
I'm sure there are other people who would be interested in what I have to say.
You're not playing very well.  There are clues all around you and you keep missing them.
I really wish you'd stop trying to maneuver me.  I find it irritating, not to mention insulting.
I know what I said!  She looks just like...
Because she's the type.
Not really.
Do you know what I'm doing right now, Peter?  I'm looking at the name of the girl I'm going to kill tonight.
"Wee Willie Winkie runs through the town.  Upstairs and downstairs in his nightgown.  Crawling through the window.  At the end of Miss Emma's street.  Her God has gone and left his home.  So her and I can meet."
I suppose you want to know where I'm going to kill tonight, Peter?
You'll find her.
I did another one last night.  You might have saved her, but you didn't want to play.
You don't want to think and that's why I'll win!  I'm already two points ahead.
That's something you'll have to figure out for yourself.  Really, Peter, you can't expect me to answer such direct questions.
We all have paths to follow.  You hope yours will lead you to me.
No, only the path she chose to travel.
To get your attention.
Very amateurish, Peter.  I'm surprised you would use such an obvious tactic.  I'm not an idiot!  Don't treat me as one!  I'll call you everyday... You get one minute, whether you put me on hold or talk is up to you!  Are you ready to play?
Hello, Peter.
Someone who's going to become an important part of your life.  I want to play a game with you.
Hello, Peter.
