I've got a feeling we're going to go the distance with him.  Let him sweat for a little while.
It's a voice modulator.
Find him!  I want to talk to him.
Sanderson?
I've seen a lot of things in my time on the job, but nothing like this. Yurilivich?
She's unconscious, but they think she's going to make it.
Maybe he's going to drug her?
You still having a problem with this?
Check with the State.  If he's never killed outside of Washington the F.B.I. wouldn't have it.  Nolan?
Anything?
Could someone this disturbed give the appearance of being normal?
Take it easy.  Both of you.
What was your relationship with her?
I don't know, but I think you're right. He's lying.
He's got an answer for everything, but he doesn't have an alibi.
Local?
Run it down.
That means she was dead before we even finished figuring out the message.
How long she been dead?
Same as the others?
That's great.
There's only two hardware stores on the whole Island.  We'll check that out. What about the blood?
You mean, no prints but hers?
What about prints?
Anything?
There's no blood.  Where's the fuckin' blood?
Any sign of rape?
How long has she been dead?
Whaddaya got, Nolan?
Okay.  Why don't you go out there. We'll check in with you later.
I can't arrest someone for having a cut on their wrist.  Do you have someone you can stay with tonight?
Did you see his face?
The most logical choice.
We're going to work on the message.
We can't rely on your judgement anymore.
He's right, Kathy.
What time did he get there?
Yes.  Why not just say a building if he meant any general type of structure?
That's a big area to cover.
It can't be a coincidence.  The woman that owns it has a son.  She says he's been on vacation in Montana for the last ten days.  We're trying to locate him.  There's also a cleaning service that comes in once a week.  We're checking that out too.
Maybe we should back up a minute and take a look at what we do have.  All the girls that have been killed have been killed at night.  They're all the same type.  All moved into their homes within the last three months -- and all of them found their homes through Homesearchers.
What did he mean by Huxley?
You never know how you're going to catch a suspect.
This ain't no photo.
Before we go in I gotta tell you this isn't going to be pretty.
Call dispatch.  Double the patrols.  I want that area blanketed.
I don't think it matters.  Last nights victim, Christie Eastman was found in a warehouse on the outskirts of town. The night before, Debi Rutlege was found in the center.
I was thinking the same thing.  He must be local.  It's logical for him to assume that the police would be there, but he recognized Andy's voice and called him by name.  What about this?
Anything else?
What about the way he arranged the body?
Kathy?
It could have been a tape.  A prerecorded conversation between Sanderson and himself.
No.  I told him to.  I wanted to make sure there was someone on the other end.
And this Jeremy--
It's important.
We think he could be a suspect in a murder investigation.
We're not sure.
What did Dr. Fulton tell you?
You didn't pick up any vibes from the guy?
Well?
Didn't you tell me that Debi Rutlege had just moved into her place also?
Do you know how she found the apartment?
Excuse me... you said earlier that Mary Albert just moved in.  How long ago was that?
If you can think of anything else give us a call.
It's over, Peter.  Let's stop the games.  I'm not sending a car.
Alright, c'mon Peter.  We're moving you to a cell.
I understand that this is just another one of your games.
Maybe he just got tired of covering for you.
Answer the question.
Where were you last night?
Wait a minute.  There's an apartment in that area called the Castle Arms.
He uses castles...plural --  then says "can't move me."  Singular.  Not can't move us.
A building?
It's a commercial area.  No one lives there.
I still don't see how he could be playing chess against you.  There's only enough grids on the map to be half a board.
How can he be playing Chess with you? You're not making any moves against him.
It doesn't make sense.
"Is".  Did you tell him about the institute?
We think he might be making a reference to drugs?  Miss Emma is a street term used by junkies for Morphine.
Upstairs and downstairs in his night gown -- He could be saying the house he's picked is two stories.
"Wee Willie Winkie runs though the street."  We think he might be making a reference to himself.
That's alright.  We'll take it from here.
Mister Sanderson, this is Doctor Sheppard.  She's a psychologist helping us out.
Why didn't you tell us you were there earlier?
What's interesting about it is you say you only knew her in passing.  Yet, she says on her message for you to call her at home and she doesn't leave a number. That would imply you already knew the number.
This is a printout from the hotel computer for all the messages logged to your room.  Here's one at 9:04 pm.  It says:  From Debi.  Please call me at home.
I know.  You won two games against him and left the auditorium at eight forty five.  Where did you go after that?
Could you tell me where you were last night?
I know you're busy so I'll get right to it.  Did you know her?
