You couldn't find your dick in a wind storm!
It isn't him.  Frank, you brought me in on this in the beginning because you wanted my opinion if he was capable of doing this.
Remember eventually revenge is carefully...  Have you tired juxtaposing the words?
He was with me?
It doesn't make sense because we don't understand it.
Now that you mention it there was somebody who looked suspicious.
What do you mean, stand out?
A few people.
Maybe you're reaching a bit?  I think Sanderson should be in on this. There's a reason why the killer's calling him.
Sending yourself anonymous notes in the mail is one thing -- but who called him today?
He's one of the best Chess players in the world.  Who better to play a game with?
You weren't mad at him for picking up the phone?
I think your mother knows that now. Why don't you put the knife down.  Put it down, David.
I know, but this isn't going to bring her back.
Yes, I do.  I found your file.  I know what happened.
This isn't going to help, David. You're mother's dead.  You can't undo it.
Yeah -- that's what we've always thought -- but what if he wasn't?  What if I had nothing to do with the reason he came here?
Come here.
Why did he?
He already did once.
I'm just nervous.  Sorry.
How come the police never had a record of Sanderson before.  This doesn't come out of nowhere, there has to be a history.
I just can't believe it.
Fuck off!
Don't patronize me!  You sent me into a potentially dangerous situation and didn't warn me!
--the same type as the girl who got killed.  Jesus, Alan, the guy could be a psychopath.
You could have been honest with me for starters.  We work together.  I have to be able to trust you.
Oh, well we wouldn't want to disturb your guests, would we?
You're damn right!  I'm a child psychologist and you send me into a room with someone who could be a murderer!
Nice meeting you.
How do you know that?  Did he say something?
Of course.
That's only because you don't know where to go.  You like hiking?  Fishing?  Sailing?  What do you like?
So, are you having a good time on the Island?
Is your dad here?
I'm Kathy.
You must be Erica.
I've got a room at the institute I use when I stay late.
No.  He was wearing a mask... but I saw the cut on his wrist.  It was Peter.
You don't have a shred of evidence!
This stinks!  You want to know what I think?  I think there have been five murders and you've got shit to go on. You need to blame someone and he's the easiest choice.
And what if he's wrong.  If you were one hundred percent sure it was Peter you would've arrested him.  If it is someone else then he's going to kill again tonight and you're sitting here ignoring the message.
What does that mean?
What are you saying?  That I'm seeing what I want to see?  That I'm protecting a murderer?  What?
About a quarter to one.
As large as castles.
Each of those grids represents almost a square mile.
He moves around a lot.  Why?
I thought that Homesearchers was a dead end?
Well, I think you have to play to his ego.  He thinks he's superior.  The more secure he feels, the more chances he'll take.
Peter's right, Captain.  He's got to be forced into making a mistake.
I know that.  I've seen the photo's.
His home would be... Mount Olympus.
Meaning?
I would think it's some type of clue as to where he's going to kill next?
Yes.  Why disguise your voice if no one knows it?
That would indicate he's playing out a fantasy.  Power-control killers usually fantasize about their actions long before they commit them.  Once they become a reality though, they reach a sense of euphoria and need to repeat the act to sustain it.  But, in all the research I've read on Serial Killers, I've never heard of one moving so fast. It's as if the game is the catalyst for the murders -- not the other way around.
Well, the fact that he views this as a game suggests that he is trying to prove some sense of superiority -- and the way he murders confirms a need to be in complete control of his victim.
But we heard him.
--Edmonds.  I know.  You lost to Karpov in '82, didn't you?
I see you're still having problems with your openings.
I'm busy right now.
What do you think he did?
Only that you wanted someone from the institute to talk to Sanderson for some case you're working on.  What'd he do?
I'm a psychologist, Frank... not a psychic.  What's this all about anyway?
Well what?  I told you this was a stupid idea.  You can't learn anything from someone in a few minutes.
What are they, please?
Could you please do me a big favor?  In the first chapter the author mentions his three rules of chess.  Could you look and tell me what they are?
Sara, this is Doctor Sheppard.  I called you earlier about a book.
Thank you.  I'm at 639-7393.
Hi, Sara.  This is Doctor Sheppard.  I was wondering if you could tell me if you have a book on chess called "Principals and Tactics" by Anton Berger.
I just wanted you to know in case you thought about it in the future.
There's a girl in the hospital who is going to live because of you.  You made a difference.
You beat him.
Yeah.  I'll be there later.
You're going to be late for your match.
Of course not.
He didn't tell you either.
No he didn't.
How did you know it was "carefully"?
It could be anything.
Maybe you're afraid of what it says.
Why not?
Why?
Of course it isn't.  It's always difficult when someone you love dies. But you can't feel responsible because she had a car accident.
Then help me to understand.  I want to understand.
You're wife died.  You can't feel responsible for that.
That's still no excuse.  You treat everything like a game.
Peter...
I want someone I can get close to. I don't know if that's possible with you.
I'm not looking for an apology, Peter.
Hi.
Because to follow the game he played he had to move to that grid?
What?
But what does he mean by a fierce magazine?  Violent?
For emphasis?
Peter...
Peter, you have to admit--
Nothing.
I tried again and got through.
They're not delivering.  I'm going to go pick up the pizza.
The line was busy.  I'll try again.
Would you settle for pepperoni?
What do you want on it?
I'm hungry.
You can turn everything around so easily.  This is not just another game, is it?
I said I didn't plan on getting involved.
You've got to face the things you feel.
Then show me who you are.
Does anyone?
Nobody could attack you.  You set your life up like one of your chessboards. You're impregnable -- but at the same time you've become trapped behind your own defenses.  You're cut off from everyone around you.
I'm just trying to get to know you, Peter.
Yes you are.  You're playing word games.
Have you noticed that every time we start to talk about something serious you start to play games.
And you?
It must've been very hard on Erica?
I'm sorry.
I dunno.  Where's Erica mother?
No.  You were talking about chess.
You always want to talk about me.  What about you?
I'm sure you are.
Can you go fifteen minutes without thinking about it?
Because I think he's wrong.
No.
You know, Andy thinks you're doing this.
How could you?  Unless you were there.
How the hell can I relax after seeing what I just saw.
No -- I'm not involved.  And I plan on keeping it that way.
No.
Because I work with them.
Of course.
You have to win every point, don't you?
You're projecting your own desires and reading more into what happened than what actually did.
That's not fair!
I think it's best if we don't ask too many personal questions -- I want to keep things on a professional level.
Let's change the subject.
Of course.
That's true -- but the emotion is still there.  They just learn to control it.
How can you look at it so clinically?
This isn't a game.
Another kind of game?
Does what's going on bother you at all? Or are you just wearing your game face?
You sound like my mother.
I don't think I could.
What if she isn't?  Where are your priorities?  You have to think between someone's life and a chess game?  The girl he killed last night was only twenty one years old!  He dumped her body behind a warehouse like a sack of garbage!
She could be dead after the game.
But you're the key.  The one he wants to play the game with.
We need your help.
They couldn't break the riddle.
Nothing.  I just came in for a steam.
Well, I think I've had enough.
Well, I hope you remember that tomorrow when you play Krikorian.
You.
Do you always open quickly?
I thought opening too quickly was a fatal mistake in chess.
Are you disappointed that I won't answer you?
That's a very personal question.
--but you enjoy being the stronger one? You like the control.
Sounds very violent.
It seems like such a complicated game.
I've always wanted to learn how to play chess.  I don't have the patience for it.  When did you start playing?
Are you one of the players?
Are you with the tournament?
Because I love them, but they drive me crazy.  You know how parents are?
I love this hotel.  I stay here every time I visit my parents.
Is this your first time here?
It's alright.
