I do spy a kind of hope, Which craves as desperate and execution as that is desperate which we would prevent. If, rather than to marry Paris, Thou hast the strength of will to slay thyself, Then it is likely thou wilt undertake a thing like death, to chide away this shame. No warmth, no breath shall testify thou livest . Each part, deprived of supple government, shall stiff and stark and cold appear, like death. Now when the bridegroom in the morning comes to rouse thee from thy bed, there art thou dead. Thou shalt be borne to that same ancient vault where all he kindred to the Capulet lie. In the meantime, against thou shalt awake, shall Romeo by my letters know our drift, and hither shall he come. And that very night shall Romeo bear thee hence to Mantua. Take thou this vial, being then in bed, and this distilling liquor drink thou off. I'll send my letters to thy lord post haste to Mantua.
Hold Daughter!
It strains me past the compass of my wits.
My leisure serves me, pensive daughter now. We must entreat the time alone.
As the custom is, in all her best array, bear her to church.
Hie you make haste! But look thou stay not till the watch be set, for then thou canst not pass to Mantua where thau shalt live till we can find a time to blaze you marriage, reconcile your friends, beg pardon of the Prince and call thee back with twenty hundred times more joy, than thou wentst forth in lamentation. Quick hence! Be gone by break of day! Sojourn in Mantua.
O deadly sin, O rude unthankfulness! This is dear mercy and thou sees it not. Hence!
Wisely and slow; they stumble that run fast.
O, she new well. Thy love read by rote and could not spell. Come, young waverer, come, go with me, In one respect I'll thy assistant be; for this alliance may so happy prove, to turn you household rachor to pure love.
For doting; not for loving, pupil mine.
Holy Saint Francis, what a change is here! Is Rosaline that thou didst love so dear so soon forsaken? Young men's love then lies not truly in their hearts but in their eyes.
Be plain, good son, and homely in thy drift; riddling confession finds but riddling shrift.
That's my good son: but where hast thou been
God pardon sin, was thou with Rosaline!?
Young son, it argues a distemper'd head so soon to bid good marrow to thy bed: or if not so so, then here I hit it right, our Romeo hath not seen his bed tonight.
Benedicite! What early tounge so sweet saludeth me?
I thought thy disposition better tempered! Thy Juliet is alive. There art thou happy. The law that threatened death becomes thy friend and turns it to exile. There art thou happy. A Pack of blessings light upon thy back. Wherefore railest thou on thy birth the heaven and earth? Since birth and heaven and earth all three do meet in thee at once.
Romeo, come forth.
Welcome.
O, mighty is the powerful grace that lies in plants, herbs, stones, and their true qualities: for nought so vile that the earth doth live but to the earth some special good doth give, nor aught so good, but strain'd from that fair use revolts from true birth, stumbling on abuse: virtue itself turns vice, being misaplied; and vice sometimes by action dignified. Within the infant rind of this weak flower poison is resident and medicine power: for this, being smelt, with that part cheers each part; being tasted, slays all senses with the heart. Two such empossed kings encamp them still in man as well as herbs, grace and rude will; and where the worser is predominant, full soon the canker death eats up that plant.
