What if this mixture do not work at all? Shall I be married then tomorrow morning?
Be not so long to speak I long to die.
If in thy wisdom thou canst give no help Do thou but call my resolution wise, And with this I'll help it presently!
Are you at leisure Holy Father, now? Or shall I come to you at evening mass?
Romeo, I drink to thee.
Farewell. God knows when we shall meet again.
No, madam. We have culled such necessaries as our behoveful for our state tomorrow. so please you, let me now be left alone, and let the nurse this night sit up with you. for I am sure you have your hands full in all this so sudden business.
O God!--O Nurse, how shall this be prevented? What sayest thou? Hast thou not a word of joy? Some comfort nurse.
O sweet my mother cast me not away. Delay this marriage for a month, a week. Or if you do not make the bridal bed in that dim  monument where Tybalt lies.
What? Now. St. Peter's Church, and Peter too, he shall not make me there a joyful bride!
Madam, in happy time what day is that?
O God. Did Romeo's hand shed Tybalt's blood? O serpent heart hid with a flowering face. Was ever book containing such vile matter's so fairly bound? O, that deceit should dwell in such a gorgeous palace.
Well, thou hast comforted me marvelous much. Go in and tell my lady I am gone, having displeased my father to Father Lawrence to make confession and be absolved.
Amen
Speakest thou from thy heart?
I have.
Here's such a coil! Come, what says Romeo?
Where is my mother! How oddly thou repliest! Your love says, like an honest gentleman, Where is your mother?'
I' faith, I am sorry that thou art not well. Sweet, sweet, sweet nurse, tell me, what says my love?
But all this did I know before. What says he of our marriage? what of that?
How art thou out of breath, when thou hast breath To say to me that thou art out of breath? Is the news good, or bad? answer to that;
I would thou hadst my bones, and I thy news: I pray thee, speak.
O honey nurse, what news? Nurse?
By and by, I come: -- To cease thy strief, and leave me to my grief: To-morrow will I send.
I uh, by and by I come--But if thou mean'st not well, I do beseech thee--
Three words, dear Romeo, and good night indeed. If that thy bent of love be honourable, Thy purpose marriage, send me word to-morrow, By one that I'll procure to come to thee, Where and what time thou wilt perform the rite; And all my fortunes at thy foot I'll lay And follow thee my lord throughout the world.
Madam, I am here. What is your will?
Romeo. What's here? Poison. Drunk all, and left no friendly drop to help me after. I will kiss thy lips. Happily some poison yet doth hang on them. Thy lips are warm.
O God, I have an ill-divining soul. Methinks I see thee, now thou art so low, as one dead in the bottom of a tomb. O fortune, fortune. Be fickle, fortune, for then I hope that thou will not keep him long but send him back.
Then window, let day in and let life out. O, think'st thou we shall ever meet again?
It is, It is! Hie hence, be gone, away.  O, now be gone. More light and light it grows.
That light is not daylight, I know it, I. It is some meteor that the sun exhales to light thee on thy way to Mantua. Therefore stay yet. Thou needest not be gone.
Wilt thou be gone? It is not yet near day.
Come gentle night. Come loving black-browned night give me my Romeo. And when I shall die, take him and cut him out into little stars, and he will make the face of heaven so fine that all the world will be in love with night and pay no worship to the garish sun. O, I have bought the mansion of love but not possessed, and though I am sold, not yet enjoyed. O, tedious is this day, as the night before some festival to an impatient child that hath new robes and may not wear them.
I will not fail: 'tis twenty year till then.
Romeo! At what o'clock to-morrow Shall I send to thee?
A thousand times good night! Exit, above
I gave thee mine before thou didst request it!
What satisfaction canst thou have to-night?
Do not swear: although I joy in thee, I have no joy of this contract to-night: It is too rash, too unadvised, too sudden; Too like the lightning, which doth cease to be Ere one can say 'It lightens.' Sweet, good night! This bud of love, by summer's ripening breath, May prove a beauteous flower when next we meet. Good night.
Do not swear at all; Or, if thou wilt, swear by thy gracious self, Which is the god of my idolatry, And I'll believe thee.
O, swear not by the moon, the inconstant moon, That monthly changes in her circled orb, Lest that thy love prove likewise variable.
Thou know'st the mask of night is on my face, Else would a maiden blush bepaint my cheek For that which thou hast heard me speak to-night Fain would I dwell on form, fain, fain deny What I have spoke: but farewell compliment! Dost thou love me? I know thou wilt say 'Ay,' And I will take thy word: yet if thou swear'st, Thou mayst prove false. O gentle Romeo, If thou dost love, pronounce it faithfully:
If they do see thee, they will murder thee.
How camest thou hither, tell me, and wherefore? The garden walls are high and hard to climb, And the place death, considering who thou art, If any of my kinsmen find thee here.
Art thou not Romeo and a Montague?
Ahhh!
'Tis but thy name that is my enemy; Thou art thyself, though not a Montague. What's Montague? it is nor hand, nor foot, Nor arm, nor face, nor any other part Belonging to a man. O, be some other name! What's in a name? that which we call a rose By any other word would smell as sweet; So Romeo would, were he not Romeo call'd, Retain that dear perfection which he owes Without that title. O Romeo, doff thy name, And for that name which is no part of thee Take all myself.
Romeo, O Romeo! wherefore art thou Romeo? Deny thy father and refuse thy name; Or, if thou wilt not, be but sworn my love, And I'll no longer be a Capulet.
Ay me!
You kiss by the book.
Then have my lips the sin that they have took.
Saints do not move, though grant for prayers' sake.
Ay, pilgrim, lips that they must use in prayer.
Good pilgrim, you do wrong your hand too much, Which mannerly devotion shows in this; For saints have hands that pilgrims' hands do touch, And palm to palm is holy palmers' kiss.
