Men's eyes were made to look, and let them gaze. I will not budge for no man's pleasure, I.
By my heel, I care not.
Thou art as hot a Jack in thy mood as any in Verona.
Keep away the cats! Thou art like one of these fellows that, when he enters the confines of a tavern claps me his sword upon the table and says, &quot;God send me no need of thee.&quot; and by the operation of the second cup draws him on the drawer, when indeed there is no need.
More than prince of cats. He is the courageous captain of compliments. He fights as you sing prick- song, keeps time, distance, and proportion; he rests his minim rest, one, two, and the third in your bosom: the very butcher of a silk button, a duellist, a duellist; a gentleman of the very first house, of the first and second cause: the immortal passado! punto reverso! the hai!
But alas poor Romeo! he is already dead; stabbed with a white wench's black eye; shot through the ear with a love-song; the very pin of his heart cleft with the blind bow-boy's butt-shaft: and is he a man to encounter Tybalt?
Any man that can write may answer a letter.
A challenge, on my life.
Why that pale hard-hearted wench, that Rosaline. Torments him so, that he will sure run mad.
Where the devil should this Romeo be? Came he not home to-night?
Romeo! humours! madman! passion! lover! I conjure thee by Rosaline's bright eyes, By her high forehead and her scarlet lip, By her fine foot, straight leg and quivering thigh! O, Romeo that she were An open ass, and thou a poperin pear! Romeo, good night: I'll to my truckle-bed; This field-bed is too cold for me to sleep.
A Plague o' both your houses.
'Twill serve. Ask for me tomorrow and you shall find me a grave man. A plague o' both your houses. They have made worms meat of me. A plague on both your Houses! Why the devil did you come between us? I was hurt under your arm.
Ay, ay, a scratch, a scratch. Ay, a scratch, a scratch. HA HA HA.
Farewell, ancient lady; farewell,
Sure Witt! Now art thou sociable, now art thou Romeo; now art thou what thou art, by art as well as by nature.
Right.
Nay, I am the very pink of courtesy.
Thou hast most kindly hit it.
That's as much as to say, such a case as yours constrains a man to bow in the hams.
The slip, son, the slip; can you not conceive?
Signior Romeo, bon jour! there's a French salutation to your French slop. You gave us the counterfeit fairly last night.
Away, begone; the sport is at the best.
True, I talk of dreams, Which are the children of an idle brain, Begot of nothing but vain fantasy, Which is as thin of substance as the air And more inconstant than the wind, who wooes Even now the frozen bosom of the north, And, being anger'd, puffs away from thence, Turning his face to the dew- dropping south.
O, then, I see Queen Mab hath been with you. She is the fairies' midwife, and she comes In shape no bigger than an agate-stone On the fore-finger of an alderman, Drawn with a team of little atomies Over men's noses as they lie asleep; Her chariot is an empty hazel-nut Her wagoner a small grey-coated gnat, And in this state she gallops night by night Through lovers' brains, and then they dream of love; O'er lawyers' fingers, who straight dream on fees, Sometime she driveth o'er a soldier's neck, And then dreams he of cutting foreign throats, And being thus frighted swears a prayer or two And sleeps again. This is the hag, when maids lie on their backs, That presses them and learns them first to bear, Making them women of good carriage: This is she--This is she!
That dreamers often lie.
And so did I.
Why, may one ask?
If love be rough with you, be rough with love; Prick love for pricking, and you beat love down.
Too great oppression for a tender thing.
You are a lover; borrow Cupid's wings, And soar with them above a common bound.
Young hearts run free. Never be caught up, caught up like Rosaline and thee. Nay, gentle Romeo, we must have you dance.
Good king of cat's, nothing but one of your nine lives.
Calm, Dishonorable, Vile Submission! Thou art my souls hate! Tybalt! You ratcatcher, will you walk?
Consort? What does thou make us minstrels? An thou make minstrels of us look to hear nothing of discords. Here's my fiddlestick. Here's that shall make you dance! Zounds, Consort!
Could you not take some occasion without giving?
OH, and but one word with one of us? Couple it with something. Make it a word and a...a blow.
