Sir, a ring my lady bid me give you.
Where is my Lady's lord?
I come for my lady Juliet.
Juliet!
What?
And from my soul too. Else beshrew them both.
Faith, here it is. I think it best you marry with this Paris. O, he's a lovely gentleman. I think you are happy in this second match, for it excels your first; or if it did not, your first is dead--or 'twere as good he were as living here and you no use to him.
Then hie you hence to Father Laurence' cell; There stays a husband to make you a wife
Have you got leave to go to confession to-day?
O lady dear! Are you so hot? Henceforward do your messages yourself.
Your love says, like an honest gentleman, and a courteous, and a kind, and a handsome, and, I warrant, a virtuous,--Where is your mother?
Lord, how my head aches! what a head have I! O, my back! Other' other side,--O, my back.
Well, you have made a simple choice; you know not how to choose a man: Romeo! no, not he; though his face be better than any man's, yet his leg excels all men's; and for a hand, and a foot, and a body,
What haste? can you not stay awhile? Do you not see that I am out of breath?
I am a-weary, give me leave awhile: Fie, how my bones ache! what a jaunt have I!
[Within] Juliet!
[Within] Juliet!
Juliet!
I bade her come. God forbid! Juliet! Juliet! Juliet!
Go, girl, seek happy nights to happy days.
Nay, bigger; women grow by men.
Nay, he's a flower; in faith, a very flower.
A man, young lady! Lady, such a man As all the world- -why, he's a man of wax.
Thou wast the prettiest babe that e'er I nursed.
O, she says nothing sir, but weeps and weeps, and then on Romeo cries and then falls down again.
Sir. Ah, sir. Death the end of all
If ye should lead her into a fool's paradise, as they say, it were a very gross kind of behavior, as they say: for the lady is young; and, therefore, if you should deal double with her, truly it were an ill thing, and very weak dealing.
His name is Romeo, and he's a Montague; The only son of your great enemy.
Madam, your mother craves a word with you. Come lets away.
