Tempt not a desperate man!
Live and be prosperous; and farewell good fellow.
Tush, thou art deceived. Hast thou no letters to me from the priest? [Balthsasr shakes his head no.] No matter. Well, Juliet, I will lie with thee tonight. I will hence tonight.
Leave Me!
Then I defy you, stars! JULIET! JULIET! I will hence tonight.
Forbear this outrage, good Mercutio.
I fear, too early: for my mind misgives Some consequence yet hanging in the stars Shall bitterly begin his fearful date With this night's revels and expire the term Of a despised life closed within my breast By some vile forfeit of untimely death. But He, that hath the steerage of my course, Direct my sail! On, lusty gentlemen.
But 'tis no wit to go.
Not mad, but bound more than a mad-man is; Shut up in prison, kept without my food, Whipp'd and tormented. Good day, good fellow.
Teach me how I should forget to think.
She hath, and in that sparing makes huge waste.
Well, in that hit you miss: she'll not be hit With Cupid's arrow; Nor bide the encounter of assailing eyes, Nor open her lap to saint-seducing gold:
A right good marks-man! And she's fair I love.
In sadness, cousin, I do love a woman.
Farewell, my cuz.
Good heart, at what?
Alas, that love, whose view is muffled still, Should, without eyes, see pathways to his will! Where shall we dine? O me! What fray was here? Yet tell me not, for I have heard it all. Here's much to do with hate, but more with love. Why, then, O brawling love! O loving hate! O any thing, of nothing first create! O heavy lightness! Serious vanity! Misshapen chaos of well-seeming forms! Feather of lead-- [Benvolio Snickers] Dost thou not laugh?
Out of her favour, where I am in love.
Out--
Not having that, which, having, makes them short.
Ay me! Sad hours seem long. Was that my father that went hence so fast?
Is the day so young?
Why then, O brawling love, O loving hate, O anything of nothing first create. heavy lightness. Serious vanity. Misshapen chaos of well seeming forms.
Here is my gold. Worse poison to men's souls, than these poor compounds that thou mayest not sell.
I pay thy poverty, and not thy will.
The world is not thy friend, nor the worlds law. Then be not poor, but break it, and take this.
And all this day an unaccustomed spirit lifts me above the ground with cheerful thoughts. I dreampt my lady came and found me dead and breathed such life with kisses in my lips that I revived and was an emperor. Ah me, how sweet is love itself possessed when but love's shadow's are so rich in joy. News from Verona. How now, Balthasar?! Dost thou not bring me letters from the Priest? How doth my lady? Is my Father well? How doth my lady Juliet? For nothing can be ill if she be well.
Farewell.
How well my comfort is revived by this.
There is no world without Verona walls, hence banished is banished from the world and worlds exile is death. Then banished is death mis-termed. Calling death banished, thou cu'st my head off with a golden axe and smiles upon the stroke that murders me.
Affliction is enamoured of thy parts, and thou art wedded to calamity. Hence from Verona art thou banished. Be patient, for the world is broad and wide.
Banishment? Be merciful, say death; for exile hath more terror in his look much more than death. Do not say Banishment.
O, let us hence; I stand on sudden haste.
I pray thee, chde me not; whom I love now doth grace for grace and love for love allow; the other did not so.
Thou chid'st me oft for loving Rosaline.
Then plainly know my hearts dear love is set, on the fair daughter of rich Capulet. We met, we wooed, we made exchange of vow. I'll tell thee as we pass; but this I pray, that thou consent to marry us today.
I have been feasting with mine enemy, where on a sudden one hath wounded me, that's by me wounded; both our remeidies within thy help and holy physic lies.
Rosaline? My ghostly father no; I have forgot that name, and that name's woe.
The last is true; the sweeter rest was mine.
Good marrow, father!
Thus..... with a kiss...... I die.
I doubt it not. Trust me, love, all these woes shall serve for sweet discourses in our times to come. Adieu.
More Light and light, more dark and dark our woes.
Let me be taken, let me be put to death. I have more care to stay then will to go. Come death, Welcome, Juliet wills it so. How is't my soul? Let us talk it is not day.
I must be gone and live, or stay and die.
Mercutio's soul is but a little way above our heads staying for thine to keep him company!
By the hour of nine.
A thousand times the worse, to want thy light. Love goes toward love, as schoolboys from their books, But love from love, toward school with heavy looks.
So thrive my soul--
The exchange of thy love's faithful vow for mine.
O, wilt thou leave me so unsatisfied?
If my heart's dear love--
Well what shall I swear by?
Lady, by yonder blessed moon I swear That tips with silver all these fruit-tree tops--
I have night's cloak to hide me from their eyes, And but thou love me, let them find me here: My life were better ended by their hate, Than death prorogued, wanting of thy love.
With love's light wings did I o'er-perch these walls; For stony limits cannot hold love out, And what love can do that dares love attempt; Therefore thy kinsmen are no let to me.
Neither, fair maid, if either thee dislike.
I take thee at thy word.
[Aside] Shall I hear more, or shall I speak at this?
She speaks: O, speak again, bright angel!
He jests at scars that never felt a wound. But, soft! what light through yonder window breaks? It is the east, and Juliet is the sun. Arise, fair sun, and kill the envious moon, Who is already sick and pale with grief, That thou her maid art far more fair than she: Be not her maid, since she is envious; Her vestal livery is but sick and green And none but fools do wear it; oh cast it off. It is my lady, O, it is my love! O, that she knew she were!
Sin from my lips? O trespass sweetly urged! Give me my sin again.
Then move not, while my prayer's effect I take. Thus from my lips, by yours, my sin is purged.
Well, then, dear saint, let lips do what hands do; They pray, grant thou, lest faith turn to despair.
Have not saints lips, and holy palmers too?
If I profane with my unworthiest hand This holy shrine, the gentle sin is this: My lips, two blushing pilgrims, ready stand To smooth that rough touch with a tender kiss.
Did my heart love till now? forswear it, sight! For I ne'er saw true beauty till this night.
NO! Mercutio!
I thought all for the best.
Courage man, the hurt can not be much.
I will follow you.
Here's goodly gear!
Why, then is my pump well flowered.
Pink for flower.
A most courteous exposition.
Meaning, to court'sy.
Pardon, good Mercutio, my business was great; and in such a case as mine a man may strain courtesy.
Good morrow to you both. What counterfeit did I give you?
Ho Ho, Capital Punks!
Ay, so I fear; the more is my unrest.
Peace, good Mercutio, peace! Thou talk'st of nothing.
In bed asleep, while they do dream things true.
Well, what was yours?
I dream'd a dream to-night.
Is love a tender thing? It is too rough, Too rude, too boisterous, and it pricks like thorn.
Under love's heavy burden do I sink.
Not I, Not I believe me: you have dancing shoes With nimble soles: I have a soul of lead
As if that name, Shot from the deadly level of a gun did murder her, as that name's cursed hand did murder her kinsman.
Nurse.
Bid her to come to confession this afternoon; And there she shall at Father Laurence' cell Be shrived and married.
Is she a Capulet?
