Shoot him!
Not if I kill you first ...
Five seconds.
What -- what are you doing?
Too late, your kid worships me.  And your wife -- she's an animal.  Even I can't keep up with her.
You've given me the freedom I haven't had in years, and the power to make it pay off in ways I never thought possible.  But hell -- this is America.  One day a pauper, the next day, a prince. And I owe it all to you. Now if you'll excuse me, I've got an important government job to abuse, -- and a beautiful wife to fuck.  Excuse me -- I mean "make love to."
Let's not confuse things anymore.  I'm Archer. You're Castor.  But if you need proof --
Of course I killed them, you DUMB FUCK.  And torched every shred of evidence that proves who you really are.  Swallow this one, Commander. You are going to be in here for the rest of your life.
I believe the phrase Dr. Hoag used was "titanically remote."  Who knows?  Maybe the trauma of having my face cut off pulled me out.  Or maybe God really is on my side after all.  By the way, I know you don't get the papers in here.
Not anymore.
Don't count on it.
You can't kill me, Jon. I've got something going this Saturday night ... it's gonna be worse than anything God ever dumped on the Pharaohs -- and only I can stop it.
What're you gonna do with me gone?  You'll drive your wife and kid nuts! I bet your daughter is just about ripe by now. What's her name, Janie?
What's it to you?  I declare it.  Here I am, back in the States for less than a month --
Jon, I'm getting a little annoyed by your obsessive need to spoil my fun.
Castor Troy almost strangled me to death.  Where the hell were you?
Just saving the tax-payers the cost of a trial.  So take a hike.
I've never been more certain of anything. Get everyone in position. -- And get the word out -- shoot to kill.
We've got him sighted. Okay, Pollux, pull out.
Trust me, he's already here. Get going!
There's my little darling.  The night wouldn't be complete without you.
I mean like protection.
Did it look like I was siding with him?  Did it?  You want to play with the bad boys, you better be prepared.  Do you have protection?
What are you -- stupid?
Get a higher arc on the ball, Jamie.  And for Chrissake, square your shoulders to the basket.
You'll be seeing a lot of changes around here. Daddy's a new man.
I won't tell mom if you don't.
Screw your boundaries, Janie.  You have something I want.
Get rid of them.
Let's try to be a little less formal from now on, shall we?
That's your name, isn't it?
Well, I saw you -- Kim.
You can't blame me for trying.
Obviously someone else knows it!  Get everybody back to their posts -- NOW!
What?
Where should I be?  Where's everyone else?
What the fuck do you think happened?  Castor Troy just shot him!  What are you waiting for?  GO!
Escaped?  From Erewhon?  I want everyone on this -- our entire force and the SFPD.
What happened?
A lot of people think you're a snitch.  It's dangerous ...
You'll need to recultivate that virus.
All of them do.  We'll kill twelve birds with one bomb.  And we'll be rich.
We gut the organization -- and rebuild it with more reliable friends.
Yeah -- it's Santa's Magic fucking Village.  Your present's in here.
There's fun, bro.  Then there's FUN.
Are you TRYING to give us away? For somebody with such a big brain, you think awfully small.
You're supposed to be snitching, making me look legit.
Trust me.  You're gonna love it ...
-- I'll be one of the most powerful men in the country. Didn't matter how much cash I made pulling wet jobs -- I was still too low on the food chain -- always with somebody like Jon Archer after me.  The best part is -- I'm the GOOD guy.
You better get used to it. That bitch Lazarro is getting kicked upstairs. Guess what white-bread family man is going to replace her?
Business first.  I went into the "Warrants" system and erased your records.  You're clean.  In fact, you're now on the informant payroll.
No.  Most of them are in transit by now.  I'm heading over to the hotel to personally oversee security.
What is it, Admiral? I'm under the gun here.
Done.  In fact, I was already plotting about the best way to meet the foreign bureau chiefs.
I had doubts too.  I always looked at a desk as though it were a ball-and-chain. But something happened ...
What's that?
Just following your example.
You're the only person in this place who can see right through me.
Normally, I would.  But today ...
Back then -- who wasn't?
Sure, baby -- go anywhere you want.  But I have to give you an escort.  Security reasons.
I'll deal with her later.
Where's Jamie?
Okay, I have a confession to make.  But you aren't going to like it.
I disagree.  You think I've been acting strange.  Like a completely different person.
What are you doing?
I'll have a talk with her. By the way, you never said anything about last night ...
Oh, that Karl.
Great.
Okay, if you insist. But -- you drive.
I'm late.  Gotta protect and serve the world, y'know.
What's on your mind?
Call me spontaneous.
So you see, I'm not going anywhere.  Unless it's upstairs with you ...
I'm replacing Lazarro. Nice, safe desk job -- just like you wanted.
Can't you see I'm trying to change?  I sent Jamie off because I wanted to be alone with you.  I wanted to see the candle-light dance in your beautiful --
I'm not going anywhere.
Gone?
Wouldn't be the first time -- or would it?
They say love is blind. Do you think that's true?
Hurry up -- the salad's getting warm and the pasta's getting cold.
Don't I usually kiss my wife?
Have fun at work.
The hospital?  Oh, that's right -- you're a doctor.  Ha-ha.
It didn't work out as planned. Where are you off to?
What do you know about it?
