Who are these people?
What are those people doing there? What do they want?
Oh --  Didn't mean to talk like that in front of a lady.  Get some wine for the Squire, Belle.
Hey, you! Watch out there -- you're scuffing my Brussels carpet -- Consarn them.
The -- folks or people, what's the difference among friends?
We'll cook 'em ourselves. You'll help me, Belle.
Golly, Belle, that was a good idea -- we should do that every morning.
Let's dance together -- Belle.
I'll take it.
From over the mountain --
Now don't you worry about that. You just leave it all to me. We won't talk business now ... just bear this in mind ... I'm not the man to get rich on other people's hard luck.... No, sir... not me! ...
Not at all, Hank ... not at all. Glad to help you.
Oh -- you don't have to go to Miser Stevens while I'm around.
I don't know -- don't seem much of an idea to me.
Why, of course, Hank -- I've always got time for a neighbor. What's on your mind?
Howdy, Hank.
Why, thank you, Tom. I was going to ask you if you thought I could.
I'll look out for myself! ... Now go away -- leave me alone.
What Grange?
What do you want?
Black Dan'l?
I am just thinkin' -- now they mightn't like the idea down in Washington.
Sure does. But I'll have to sleep on it a couple of nights.
Sure am.
Too bad it didn't happen to Miser Stevens.
Belle --
Never mind. What's your name?
She couldn't be gone!
You're not -- Dorothy.
Stevens -- what's all this leading up to? You know something. Come on! Out with it -- you know something about me!
Huh? -- What's that?  Well -- what about it? Who cares, anyhow?
All right -- so it's buried with you!
Why do you fret about something that isn't there?
Are you plumb crazy, man! What do you think happens? We're buried -- that's all.
Afraid ... of what?
What's the matter with you?
Almost seven.  No -- no, he's not seven yet I am sure --
Now run along, Daniel.
I dunno -- I can't figure it out. I've invited them all. Why don't they come?
No, you're not.
Some other time, Stevens.
Hello, Stevens ... you're early today.
Doesn't satisfy, eh? Well -- that's too bad....
You know -- some folks are just lucky. Others pick gold right out of the air.  Like that!
-- in gold.
I barely managed to scrape up a bit for you. I thought if I made a kind of part payment --
Stevens!
You know darn well it is.
Yes -- yes, I am the richest man -- too rich. I can't think of anything but money. That's the trouble with me.
Yes, I did -- but you tricked me into signing it! You told me my soul was nothing ... that I could forget all about a soul, in exchange for money. That was a lie, a lie, a lie.
Never!
About what?
No! No! No! Not him -- not my son -- I'd rather go with you -- right now.
Anything -- anything. -- You can have it all back -- that money -- the new house -- my farm -- the whole caboodle!
Not now! Not now!  -- Let me make up -- let me make up.
I have still a year -- a year to make up for everything.
I'm through with you.
My time isn't up yet.
Are they all as -- small -- as that?
He ain't dead -- he's dancing in there.
You promised me prosperity, happiness, love, money, friendship --
Leave your tongue off of that!
I don't care.
Look here now--
The seventh day of April --
Well, I'll be --
No, no! Give it to me!
What does it mean here -- about my soul?
It's mine?
Yes, why shouldn't it?
Where did it come from?
Well, now, Mister, that sounds all right. But--
Opportunities?
You can't say that to me! I'm New Hampshire. If I say I called you, I did.  I guess I did.
Ma says breakfast's ready, Mr. Webster!
Well, I --
There's no joy in it for me.
Not long -- now.
Yes -- at midnight.
Yes, Mr. Webster -- it was here where it all began.
It's your fault! You brought Daniel Webster here -- just to try to make a fool of me! You played the sneak behind my back -- made up all sorts of lies against me! You can get yourself out of my home -- go back to the other house -- that old place, where you belong -- I don't want to -- to talk to you again!
I -- I don't know what you're talking about! I -- I haven't time to listen to all this --
Contracts? -- Yes, they have contracts with me -- lots of 'em -- but -- but that's all right. Without me and my money, they wouldn't have anything.
What -- what's on your mind?
Well -- Mr. Webster! This is a great day for me. Come on in, sir. I want you to take the seat of honor and meet all my guests!
Mr. Webster -- I'd like you to meet my wife, Mary.
Thanks, Mr. Webster!  To the champion of the whole United States -- Dan'l Webster!
Seems like it's my fault, Mr. Webster.
Thank you, Mr. Webster.
Ten throws -- Mr. Webster?
Shake!
How much?
Oh yes -- I am -- want to bet?
That's fine. Now you can tell people all about the house, but don't mention Webster.
Now, Squire, you're not going to let me down. We still want to do a lot of business together, don't we?
Yes  siree -- that's the idea. Get them all here and then say: "Look, folks -- here's Daniel Webster, my guest of honor." Golly, I can see their eyes pop already.
You keep that -- that's for you. I want you to talk up the party to make sure that the best folks really come.
You think that's a joke? I had him on there too, but I was afraid Dan'l Webster might feel insulted.
Now look -- here's a list of the people I invited -- they're all the right kind of people -- or did I miss anybody?
Yes -- and that's the reason I wanted to talk with you. You got my invitation?
Dan'l Webster is coming to my party.
Oh yes -- yes. Won't take a minute. Can you keep a secret?
You really think so?
Howdy, Squire! Howdy! Oh -- how do you do, Squire.
But -- I was just lucky.
Selectman? Selectman of the village? Me?
Camomile tea!
Headache -- Squire?
Mighty good of you to come out, Squire -- sparing all this time to --  Sheriff, too -- and Schoolmaster -- mighty nice.
Come right into the parlor, won't you, folks.
Why -- good morning, Squire.
Shall we?
Mary!
You must go now, Mary -- you must!
Mary! Come back ...
Mr. Webster ... Wait! ...  Mary!
What's the matter with 'em? Why don't they come?
Think this room is larger than anything Webster's got at Marshfield? You've been there. What about it, Mary?
Why don't they come --
Oh, for heaven's sake, leave me alone!
It shows on your face.
He's my son and I like him the way he is. Why do you always have to pick on him? If it's not the boy it's me. You don't like the way I live -- you don't like my friends, or my new house -- or anything.
Isn't that your own fault?
You're not supposed to punish my son, Mary.
What happened.... Where are you taking him?
What in sugar hill's the matter with him?
Well -- I -- I-
Mary --
Mary -- but look -- it didn't touch an ear of my corn -- we'll have a rich harvest.
I wasn't used to being big -- wasn't used to thinking in big ways. Now, I've made up my mind.
And I don't want to have a washwoman for a wife.
Well -- that's the last time -- we'll have servants to do it.
But it's not very becoming to you to have your hands in the suds -- when the Squire and his wife --
I'm serious.
That's one thing I want to talk to you about, Mary.
You could have knocked me down with a feather -- Selectman -- me.
Mary! I'm -- Selectman of Cross Corners!
Thanks, Mary.
Mary, get three cups of camomile tea for the Squire and the rest. They all feel colds coming on.
Mary --
Yes -- you are right, Mary. I can almost hear the little blades of grass a-starting up -- All the seeds a-stirring underneath the ground --
Mary -- you just wait and see -- It's all -- just the beginning -- just the beginning -- of everything. I'll be the biggest man in New Hampshire and you'll be the wife of the biggest man.
There is nothing to worry about now.
Tired?
Remember, Mary, how he said it: "Couldn't have done better myself, Jabez Stone," and it was my first speech. I don't know what came into me, Mary. I just stood up and the words came flowing like water out of my mouth.
Yes, Mary.  It's been a long day.
Looks right elegant, Mary.
Will you come into town with me tomorrow?
Mary -- look! Hessian gold. I found it in the barn.
Mary -- what would you do?
Mary -- what would you do with a pot o' gold?
I'll get the doctor.
Mary -- how do you feel?
Mary--
You're right, Mary it's a fine calf. That's why Stevens'll take it for the rest of the payment.
Seed alone won't do, Mary. We have to throw the calf in.
I will, Mary -- always thought a man could be stronger alone -- seems I've been wrong about that.
Mary, I'm a farmer -- always will be. To me seed isn't a thing to pay debts with, it's alive, more alive than anything -- but I guess you're right. We just got to do it. Oh -- how's it all going to end?
To save us work on the spring plowing?
If the pig hadn't broke his leg, we could have taken him.
Yes -- I had to pay the vet in full. He just wouldn't have treated the horse this time. After all, we can't very well do without a horse.
Mary -- it's gone.
Your butter money?
Well -- what are we going to do?
If it would only move old Miser Stevens -- We've still got to pay him.
" ... and if the final vote shall leave thousands of our fellow citizens and their families in hopeless distress, can we -- members of the Government -- go to our beds with a clear conscience, can we, without self- reproach, supplicate the Almighty Mercy to forgive us our debts as we forgive our debtors?
It's Tom Sharp and two other fellers -- Oh, glory -- where's my pants?
Well, I'll be -- there's a rig, turning in, by the gate.
Hold the splint tighter -- it's almost done.  Go on reading, Ma. This man, Job, he had troubles, didn't he?
That's what we said.
I remember Dad used to say sometimes, when they were handing out hard luck, the farmers got there first.
Yep.
I think his leg is broken.
You're right, Mary.
What is that smile on your face?  Is there anything wrong with me?
All right -- only he needn't dirty my pants!
Down, Shep! Down!
Coming.
Ma -- Ma -- it's all right, Ma!
Ma! ...  Where's Mary ... and little Dan'l?
I want you to fix these fish!
Sure, Ma.
Golly, Ma --  Consarn that music! Shouldn't a-had the harvest festival tonight.
Ma -- is she? --
Make out? We'll do better than that!  I never thought I'd be glad for bad luck, but I am. I never thought I'd be glad of a hail storm at harvest time, but I am! Oh, bless ye the works of the Lord in the hail and the storm and the rain!
I say -- it don't matter.
It don't matter!
Ma -- and yet, a man could change that, couldn't he?
I know, Ma, but -- Suppose a man got his money in bad ways --
Do you really think that?
Money -- money's a funny thing, ain't it, Ma?
Me -- a son.
I feel -- fidgety, Ma -- not right at all.
Queer sort of weather we're having -- queer like everything else.
My son! Do you really think, Ma....
Now look here, Ma. I'm not a boy anymore. I want that understood. I don't aim to stay a one-horse farmer the rest of my life. Mary's got to be the kind of wife a -- a big man needs --
Say, Mary, how is your shoulder?
But it's true. Take 'em up in your hands, Mary -- feel 'em -- they're real all right.  Aren't you glad?
Yes -- I was getting the seed -- I stumbled -- I saw one of the boards warped up a bit -- and -- there it was.
I can't help it. I mean it, I tell you. I've had more than my share. Nothing ever goes right for me -- nothing!
And why should I? Let him howl if it makes him feel good.  Consarn it. He's better off than I am! I wish I could tell Him...  ... up there, just what I think.
I dunno.
Helps sometimes to say it.
Yes -- and you figgered right, consarn it!
How'd you know to have the calf ready, Ma?
There! Guess that ought to hold good. Put him down here, by the fire, Mary.  But we don't want to get him too close -- we'll have roast pork for supper.
That's right, Ma -- we ain't licked yet. A Stone's never licked till he's dead -- that's what Dad used to say, didn't he, Ma?
Hard luck -- like me.
Sorry, Ma -- but this consar-- this little pig --  He won't let me fix him --
Consarn the consarn --
Belle, give the Sheriff a cup of rum.
Come in, Sheriff.
Very well, folks. I accept.
And you didn't get it, hey? Come on, we'll have another talk with him.
Hello, Sheriff.
Let him try it.
It's all right, Sheriff.
