I see you! Riding pretty high, ain't you? Look out you don't fall off.
Lan's to goodness, what happened to that hen? Did you use that beanshooter again?
That's just too bad --
Move? -- We are not going to move -- the old one is good enough for us.
Of course it's all right, son. You had Daniel Webster, didn't ye?  Breakfast's ready!  I've made a special surprise for Mr. Webster.
Gone with Daniel Webster -- to Marshfield, son.... You told Mary to go--
My son ... what's the matter?
And I say she won't! I'll not have the scorn of God on this place -- with the smell of fish in it, polluting up the Sabbath!  And as for you -- let me tell you, young woman...!
You go down and see what's keeping Dorothy.
Fiddlesticks! She don't hear it. Got better music to listen to than that.  There -- that's what I mean.
You'll be a father any minute now.
Now that's the way to talk, Son! I know you worked hard for that crop. But we'll make out.
What's that you say, Son?
Oh, here you are, Jabez. Lan's, I was worried about you.... Hail in August! The crops will be ruined!
A man can always change things, Son. That's what makes him different from barnyard critters.
You see, son? I'm old and I've lived. When a man gets his money in bad ways -- when he sees the better course and takes the worse -- then the devil is in his heart -- and that fixes him.
Wouldn't profit him none.
Why, that's just sense, Son. Now a man like Daniel Webster -- guess they pay him high for what he does. But he's worth it -- and he helps others. Makes all the difference.
I figure that depends a mite on how you get it and how you spend it, Son.
Lan's, I'd think you was having the baby, to hear you.
Well, thank the Lord you can always depend on New England for weather. We've got enough for the whole United States.
Oh, go along with you! As if it mattered to a grandma! But p'raps you got an even chance.
It won't be the first baby ever born in this house.  There! Made me drop a stitch!  Sit down, you make me nervous!  Lan's, that's the way a man always is. Thinks his son's the most important thing in the world.
Well, son, I'm glad to see a Stone come up in the world again.
Well -- that's comforting!  Supper.
Most outlandish thing I ever heard tell.  Don't seem right, somehow!
You found it in the barn, hey?
Hush up such talk, Jabez!
Well ... make him keep quiet.
What's ailing that dog?
All right, son -- if it helps.
That's a word you're too free with lately, Jabez, consarn this and consarn that ...
I just figgered -- knew you didn't have enough bills.
Not on the Sabbath you won't, Jabez!
Now, Jabez Stone -- as for what you're calling hard luck -- well, we made New England out of it. That and codfish.
You know that, son.
Jabez! What kind of talk is that for the Sabbath? And me a-reading the holy word!
"There was a man in the land of Uz whose name was Job; and that man was perfect and upright, and one that feared God and eschewed evil."
Be sure to let me know if Daniel is over there.
Ah, fiddlesticks -- you are old enough to know what you are doing.
So you've made up your mind to go to the party.
What's that?
Me? Why, look here, Mary Stone -- I'm worried about you, that's all.
Fox hunting -- a Stone going fox hunting on a week day -- and the earth crying out for the touch of him!
She'll do nothing of the kind! She's going to church with me, right away!
Mary! Ready? First bell's a-ringing!
The new girl -- Jabez says; she is from over the mountain.
Yes, Mrs. Slossum told me -- Lucy can't even keep a secret -- Selectman -- my son -- well, who would have thought of that?
H'm. Hessian gold. Well -- hope it'll do us more good than it did the Hessians.
Let her be, son. She'll do all right. You better get yourself straightened out.
Land sakes, I don't mind. I never did hold much with Job, even if he is Scripture. He took on too much to suit me. I don't want to malign the man, but he always sounded to me as if he came from Massachusetts. Yes, Mary, you go ahead and read.
Well, I guess we won't be going to church today.
Mary -- Jabez --
