That's my problem, Belle.
I know -- and you could show me the door. You would, too, if you weren't still hoping the guests might arrive.
Lying to you -- Why should I?
I didn't.
He lied to me again.
Thank you, Belle --
No, thank you -- what's your name?
Jabez -- ?
All right, darling.
Daniel! ... You must go to sleep.
Daniel, you ought to be in bed.
Daniel! ...  I've stood just about as much as I can bear!
Daniel give me that beanshooter!
Yes, you did, Daniel! I saw it from the window. And then to lie about it! Give me that beanshooter, Daniel!
Jabez -- Jabez!
All right, Jabez ...
Oh, Jabez! ...  Did you hear, Mr. Webster? --  Now you'll help him, won't you?
Jabez!
It's -- different, Jabez -- that's all.
I don't know, Jabez.
Well -- I am worried about the way you've changed. That was one thing you said you'd never do -- remember?
But Jabez, I never said that!
My fault? ... Oh, Jabez -- all I want is to be proud of him. He can be such a fine boy, if we show him how to be.
Jabez -- how can you let her talk like that when the boy is present? He won't respect me any more.
I am going to lock him up.
Nothing, Jabez -- just natural for a baby to cry, sometimes.  Shh, little Daniel -- sleep -- sleep --
Potato bug sits on the leaf in the sun, Sleep, sleep, my baby -- Raccoon sits in the spruce all night, Sleep, baby, sleep --
Don't be cross with him, Ma. This don't happen every day.
Hello, Jabez --  Here's your son.
Ruined -- all the fields -- ruined.
Jabez -- once you said we'd never change --
No, no. I don't want to be idle.
But Jabez -- the washing has to be done --
It's very becoming to you, Mr. Selectman.
Yes, Mr. Selectman!
I'll never get my washing done.
Oh -- Jabez.
I'll get it, Jabez.
Jabez --
Don't take cold, Jabez.  Come -- it's warm in here.
There's hope and promise in it, Jabez -- Planting and promise of good harvest to come.
You'll never change -- will you?
Worried!
But I'm glad to be home again --
Oh, Jabez -- it was a wonderful day --
We must go on home, Jabez.
What do you think of that, Jabez?
I'd love to.
It feels fine now, Jabez.
Well -- I -- I don't know -- I would pay our debts and well -- maybe get a new bonnet, but -- really -- I think I would live the same.
Jabez!
No, Jabez -- all I need is some rest -- You go and pay our debt. Everything'll be all right then ... everything.
Jabez ...
Oh Jabez! And we were counting on ...  It's a lovely calf.
Jabez!
Jabez -- you ought to talk to Tom about joining the Grange.
You always said, the field uphill needs a rest, but if you think --
Jabez! Couldn't you take a sack of seed instead?
It's all right, Jabez. We'll find something to pay Stevens.
Not all of it?
Do you think I'm grudging it?
We can still use my butter money.
That's wonderful language. It would move a stone.
Who is it?
He's stubborn as a Stone.
Jabez, don't you remember your own wedding? We said it's for better or worse. We said it's for richer or poorer.
Oh, Jabez.
Now, Jabez! I've got on my Sunday bonnet and I'm going to church with my husband. Almost the first time since the beginning of winter -- and if that isn't an occasion, I don't know what is.
He only wants you to throw the stick for him, Jabez. I guess he's feeling the spring a-coming, too.
Jabez -- help!
I won't forget.
You aren't angry with me?
I said you should stop worrying because I've made up my mind!
Worried about me! Well, you just stop it!
Now, Ma -- You just try to set an example for me, and keep hold of yourself.
Jabez -- for the good of your soul ... please come with us.
Yes, Ma -- I'm ready --
What mountain?
What a nice -- and kind girl --  Who is she --?
You know, Ma, why the Squire came to see Jabez?
I'll try hard -- I just can't take it all in.
Yes, Jabez -- don't worry.
That is -- if you don't mind changing the lesson, Ma.
I guess we won't.
Coming, Ma.
You throw mighty far, Jabez -- almost into the pigsty.
She'll be here in a moment. She has a special surprise for you.
Mr. Webster -- you will help him?
Jabez ...
Oh -- Mr. Webster -- I'm so glad you came!
Oh, could you, Mr. Webster ?
You see, I don't care if we are rich or poor -- I don't care if we're big or small, all I care about is Jabez. He was the first man I loved. He never used to care about money -- we were poor as Job's turkey, but none of us minded. Now I've seen him drive the poor from the door, and we used to be poor ourselves. I've seen him get hard and mean, and he isn't hard or mean. I've heard him mock at the church bells -- the bells that rang for our wedding. That's not like him, Mr. Webster -- It must be my fault somehow -- my fault.
Mr. Webster, you mustn't believe all that people say.
Why -- yes -- it's hard to put it into words, Mr. Webster. There's this matter of little Daniel's schooling and the new house -- and well -- there's something else that's wrong -- it gets worse, year after year -- it's like a shadow growing -- I can't really talk about it, even to Ma -- she puts it all on Jabez and I won't stand for that.
Goodness, Mr. Webster, I've done nothing but talk about that all through dinner.
Of course not --
No, really, thank you. -- Is Mrs. Webster coming back soon?
-- I'm going to try, Mr. Webster.
It is.
