Gentlemen, the prosecution rests.
But, Mr. Stone, I am hardly to blame for the pricking of your wholly unnecessary conscience.  Is this your signature?
That is highly irrelevant to this case, Your Honor.
Jabez Stone -- did you or did you not sign this document?
Are you willing to give me your son in exchange for an extension of our contract?
Well now, Mr. Stone, did you make up your mind?
Come, come, Mr. Stone, you are a little upset. It's not fair to bargain with you now. -- I'll give you until midnight, Mr. Stone, but not one minute more. Ah, then you'll come with me indeed.
I'm afraid that's hardly the sort of security I was thinking of --  You see -- there is that promising little fellow, your son ...
Suddenly you seem quite desperate, Mr. Stone --  -- You know I'm a good-natured man. I'm always open to reason. With a little security -- I might--
Oh no, you violated clause five of our contract and I could collect right now, if I chose.
What a headstrong fellow! Well -- I guess you're quite prepared to suffer the consequences.
Trying to break our contract again, Mr. Stone?
Small? Oh, I see what you mean. Why, they vary.  Now a man like Daniel Webster, if I ever get hold of him, I'd have to build a special box for him and even at that, I imagine, the wing spread would be astonishing.  In your case --
He was --
.... Miser Stevens' soul, Mr. Stone. Yes -- I am sorry for the disturbance.
Just a minute, neighbor Stone. I promised you money and all that money can buy. I don't recall any other obligations. But let's look at the contract.
Why, Mr. Stone, you look so worried. Can I be of any service?
Oh, certainly. I shan't even come to the christening -- it would be tactless and in wretched bad taste.  But I may send a friend of mine -- just for old sake's sake. Yes, I might do that.
But you should, now that you are becoming a father.
Oh come, Neighbor Stone. I wouldn't cut that tree if I were you. It means a breach of contract.
Good evening, Neighbor Stone.
1840. Well, that'll take us to the seventh day of April in 1847.
Yes, indeed. But not now. Not for seven years. Oh, I almost forgot -- what is the date?
Excellent. A firm, fair signature. One that will last till doomsday.  My dear Neighbor Stone, I congratulate you! You're going to be the richest man in New Hampshire!
A pin, Neighbor Stone! I'm afraid, you'll have to prick your finger -- but what's a little pain to a lucky man?
Well, why should that worry you. A soul -- a soul is nothing. Can you see it, smell it, touch it? -- No! -- Think of it -- this soul -- your soul -- a nothing, against seven whole years of good luck! You will have money and all that money can buy. Upon my word, Neighbor Stone, if it weren't for my firm's reputation for generous dealing--
That's right, Mr. Stone -- there is --  -- just one little formality. I'd like your signature here -- see. And when it's done -- it's done for seven years.  It's our usual form. Of course -- we may be able to take up the question of a renewal in due time.
Yes, of course, people forgot -- or the men who knew about it died, you know how these things happen.
Oh, you know the old story -- the Hessian wagon train that was ambushed on the way to Saratoga. Some of the gold has been buried under your barn!
A clever man like yourself -- he can find money anywhere. Money to pay his bills -- money for his wife and his children -- money to be a rich man. All he needs is a friend to point it out to him.  Like that!
Of course. Why man, you have one of the richest farms in the county.  You just go about it the wrong way -- so many men do. Hard work -- well, that's all right for people who don't know how to do anything else. It's all right for people who aren't lucky -- but once you're lucky -- you don't work for other people. You make them work for you.
You've had a lot of bad luck these days. And yet -- it's all so unnecessary. When I think of your opportunities --
Do you deny that you called me? I've known people in other States who went back on their word. But I didn't expect it in New Hampshire.
My congratulations -- as between two gentlemen.
Your Honor -- gentlemen of the jury -- this case need not detain us long. It concerns one thing alone -- the transference, barter and sale of a certain piece of property, to wit, his soul by Jabez Stone. That transference, barter or sale is attested by a deed. I offer that deed in evidence and mark it Exhibit A.
The quick or the dead! You have said it.  May -- the best man win, Mr. Webster!
Very well. -- You shall have your trial, Mr. Webster. The case is hardly one for an ordinary jury --
You mean -- a jury trial?
And who with better right? When the first wrong was done to the first Indian, I was there. When the first slaver put out for the Congo, I stood on the deck. Am I not spoken of, still, in every church in New England? 'Tis true, the North claims me for a Southerner, and the South for a Northerner, but I am neither. To tell the truth, Mr. Webster, though I don't like to boast of it, my name is older in the country than yours.
Foreign? And who calls me a foreigner?
There, Mr. Webster.  All open and above-board and in due and legal form.
Your spirited efforts on behalf of your clients do you credit, Mr. Webster -- If you have no more arguments to adduce I'll take him along now.
Talk has never proved that question, Mr. Webster!  Cup for cup -- what do you say?
Oh ..  not that you ever get drunk! No, indeed! But a kind of overpowering lassitude or, more plainly, a deep and enveloping sleep.
It even kicked back -- once at you, didn't it?
Scratch will do for the evening. May I -- join you?
Mr. Webster, I presume?
Pretty good -- that's perfect!
I'll be there, too!
With the presidential election coming up, I thought I could be of some help, sir.
It's only a short drive, Mr. Webster.
Oh, that's what you want -- well, you can be perfectly honest with Jabez Stone -- now.
Why don't you?
You can talk to me ...
The loneliness? Lonely with all your gold, Mister Stevens? That hardly makes sense.
My money? Why, Mister Stevens? What a quaint idea. Come over to the door. I want to speak to you privately. Stop throwing away that money. We mustn't let people see any softness in you, Mister Stevens.... People take advantage of softness, you know. Come out of there -- I'll give you an extension if you'll forget this stupid repentance idea.
