No, siree, it didn't. And it won't -- no matter what happens -- just as long as the folks at the fair believe in freedom and Union. So --  Giddyap, Constitution -- and let's keep going, Mr. Stone.
You're wrong, Mr. Stone. There are people who live and die without e'er seeing it. They can't see the country for the money in their pockets -- And some think their state's the country, or the way they live is the country, and they're willing to split the country because of that. Well, I hope you'll meet all those, when you're grown. You'll meet the fire-eaters and the Circassian beauties -- that's part of the fair, to be sure. But if we'd had to depend on them, in a permanent way, the country would have stopped at the Allegheny mountains.
Well -- it's high and it's wide and it goes a long way and there is a wind blowing through it and a blue roof over it -- it's the hills up here and the rivers running south and the new States growing in the West.
Maybe you can, sometime, Daniel. I'm a farmer, you know, and like to show my farm -- but the thing I'd like to show you most, you'll have to see for yourself.
No, Daniel -- they are not race horses. They are good old friends of mine. I call 'em Constitution and Bill of Rights, the most dependable pair for long journeys. I've got one called Missouri Compromise, too, and then there's a Supreme Court -- fine, dignified horse, though you do have to push him now and then.
It does hurt! And don't you do it again.
Daniel! Don't ever let me catch you doing that again!
And serve him right!
And what about Daniel Webster?
A varied list of attractions. And which would you like to see first, Dan'l?
Young man -- you got me there.
Guess there will, if it says so.
It hasn't opened yet?
All right, Daniel. Jump in.
Hello, Colonel! Want a lift?
Breakfast ... Ah! ... Come along friends, Ma Stone's a cook this side of heaven.
I know -- that was mighty queer Medford -- knew it the minute I tasted it. But it takes more than that to down Daniel Webster.
You were worried, Jabez, weren't you?
Oh, come, man, come. Just because you've sold your soul to the devil that needn't make you a teetotaler.
There's nothing like it. I saw an inchworm take a drop of it once, and he stood right up on his hind legs and bit a bee. Come -- try a nip!
Then I'll just christen the jug, with your permission, Stone. Somehow or other, waiting's wonderfully shorter with a jug.
They make plucky women in New England.  H'm ... how long have we to wait?
I see. And this is where he'd like to collect, too.
It's here you said that you closed the deal with him?
No -- you haven't time -- You haven't time for your mother, or your wife, or your child.
I'm sorry you can't see that, I know you could once -- you made a little speech once, that I'll always remember and I know the others do too --  They remember and they see how you have changed. That's why they didn't want to come tonight to you, Jabez -- you're as blind as a Burma bat, with your gold pot! Mind you, it's not the money, I've been talking about, it's what you make of it.
They'd have a good neighbor, Jabez -- and that's worth much more than anything else -- much, much more!
You, Jabez Stone -- you and a lot of poor farmers, hereabouts -- good men of the earth who are in trouble because of you. Or -- am I wrong about those contracts, Mr. Stone?
That's just fine, Neighbor Stone -- but -- I have to be pretty careful of my seats of honor -- where I sit, I mean. You see, the whole country sort of has its eye on me, Jabez -- anybody in public life has that difficulty -- even you, Jabez. They watch us carefully, our neighbors and our enemies, and they see much more than we think they do -- and understand much more. My friends all like to think that I've got the good of mankind always at heart, and I've got to make sure that those I deal with have the good of mankind always at heart, too. Do you know what I'm talking about, Jabez?
Well -- I'll be -- if it isn't little Mary Sampson from Franklin.
Eloquent speech, Neighbor Stone -- couldn't have done better myself --  -- under the circumstances.  Thank you.
Here's a man who knows what's good for Dan'l Webster! Medford rum! Ah, a breath of the Promised Land!  To the champion of the Iron Horseshoe, Jabez Stone!
Not at all, lad -- not at all.  For a good game of horseshoes I would always sacrifice fame and acclaim.
I don't seem to be so very popular after all -- in Cross Corners.
You win. Will you ride to the village with me, Mr. Stone?
Ten throws it is.
Of course. And you tell your father for me -- we may be on opposite sides of the fence, but I'm always glad to hear of a man who holds to his own opinions. As long as people do that -- the country's all right. Do you understand, Martin?
Well, Martin, I only wear them in Washington -- that's the trouble. But if you ever come down there, I'll show them to you.
What are you looking for, Colonel?  What's your name?
There is nothing like a good old country breakfast. Where's Ma?
I'll do my best, Mary.
Mary -- what love and trust could do for your husband, you've done. And frankly, in a very few moments, this is going to be no place for a lady.
Are you, Mary?  Well, I guess I'm glad myself -- seeing as how you feel this way.  Party seems to be quite a success.  Lots of guests, anyhow.
And now come on, Mary. I want to show you the all-fired biggest parsnips in the whole United States, raised right here in Marshfield -- of course!
Mary -- you've talked to me as you might have talked to your father and I believe he wants me to help you a little. You see, sometimes we think we're licked in this life -- but we weren't put here to be licked. Don't you believe it. Sometimes the shadows seem to get hold of us -- the shadows and the evil -- but it is still up to us to fight. Now I was thinking before you came, of coming over to Cross Corners end of the month, to get acquainted with my Godson -- and other things.
You don't have to defend him to me, Mary -- I've been called names myself.
I've heard some odd things about Jabez lately -- he seems to make the wrong kind of name for himself.
Yes, you've chatted a lot, woman-like nibbling around the edge -- But, Mary, forgive an old lawyer's legal mind, I don't think you ever once came to the point. And there is a point, isn't there?
No, you wouldn't -- You're not the sort of woman that's afraid of smoke -- or fire -- But now let's talk about your affairs.
Well -- she hardly ever comes here -- she's not the type of woman who cares to live in the country. Yes -- I'm all on my own -- sometimes it makes you feel a little lonely --  Do you mind if I indulge?
Well Mary, it's too bad I didn't know -- I would have given you a real dinner, but with my wife being in Washington -- Have another piece of pie --
You've got a smart man, Mrs. Stone. Hang onto him.
Why, that's different!  Well, boys, I guess we'll knock off. I've got to see a friend.
If it's the British Minister, take him around to the pantry and give him some Madeira --
Hullooo!
Why, you long-barreled, slab-sided, lantern- jawed, note-shaving crook, be off with you ...
I object.
I'll drink to that, Mr. Scratch!
Let it be the quick or the dead -- So it is an American judge and an American jury!
I do! If I can't win this case with a jury, you shall have me, too. If two New Hampshire men aren't a match for the devil, we'd better give this country back to the Indians.
Then I stand on the Constitution! I demand a trial for my client.
Well, I never heard the dev-- of your claiming American citizenship.
H'm. This appears -- I say appears -- to be properly drawn. But you shall not have this man! A man isn't property! Mr. Stone is an American citizen, and no American citizen may be forced into the service of a foreign prince.
Not so fast, Mr. Scratch. Produce your evidence -- if you have it.
Cup for cup!
There isn't enough Medford rum in the whole of New Hampshire to make me sleepy.
Me?
Why, certainly -- but be careful, Mr. Scratch -- Medford rum has an uncanny habit of kicking back, even with old-timers like yourself.
Attorney of record for Jabez Stone. Might I ask your name?
Say, that's pretty good, young man.
I'd rather see you on the side of the opposition.
Oh -- it's you again. What do you want?
