Starling - you've earned back your place in the Academy. We never would've found him without you, and nobody's ever going to forget that. Least of all me.
No, Starling, there isn't time. And you've still got crucial work to do in Ohio. We want him for murder, not kidnapping. I'm counting on you to link him to the Bimmel girl, before he's indicted.
Take a bow. Customs had some paper on his alias. They stopped a carton two years ago at LAX - live caterpillars from Surinam. The addressee was "John Grant." Calumet Power & Light's given us two possible residences under that alias. We're hitting one, Chicago SWAT's taking the other.
This Gumb's a real beauty. Slaughtered both his grandparents when he was twelve, and did nine years in juvenile psychiatric. Where, Starling, he took vocational rehab, and learned a useful trade...
Johns Hopkins finally came up with a name for us. We fed him into Known Offenders, and he came up cherries.  Subject's name is "Jamie Gumb," AKA "John Grant." Lecter's description was accurate, he just lied about the name.
Starling, we know who he is! And where he is. We're on our way now.
Starling -
With ID and a gun...? Impersonating a federal agent is a felony.
I'm Bureau for 28 years, Starling. I won't disobey orders, not even now.
Ohio is cold ground. Picked over, ten months ago. Our people worked it, so did the locals.
You heard them. I don't have that authority anymore.
They'll use their best men. But they better be paying attention...
Good idea. Meantime, try to get a feel for Catherine Martin. Her apartment, her friends... how he might've stalked her. I'm going to the other two clinics, Minnesota and Ohio.  Now's the hardest part, Starling. Use your anger, don't let it keep you from thinking. Just keep your eyes on Catherine. We've got less than 30 hours.
Or just as worthless. But I want you in Memphis, close to him. Maybe when he gets tired of toying with Senator Martin, he'll talk to you again. There's a plane waiting for you now at the airstrip.
I'm 53, Starling. If I found Jimmy Hoffa on national TV, I'd still have to retire in two years. It's not a consideration. But you are...  You've done enough. If I keep you out of school any longer, you'll be recycled. Cost you six months, at least. I can guarantee you readmission here, but that's about it.  Now's your chance, Starling. Go back to class. Leave Bill to me.
Let's get some coffee and talk.
She doesn't know what we're up to. And we can't afford to let her find out.
State to federal jurisdiction... We can do it - eventually - but we'll never get all the clearances in time. Can you convince him a deal's already in place?
What would it take?
If we act too anxious, he'll make us wait. He'll let the Senator keep hoping, day after day, until Catherine finally washes up. That'd be the most fun of all.
He offered to help, Starling, not to snitch. That wouldn't give him enough chance to show off. Remember, Lecter looks mainly for fun. Never forget fun.
But for Catherine Martin, it all comes down to you and Lecter. You're the one he talks to.
You seem pretty sure of that.
The other girls are in the ground. Exhumations are upsetting for the families. I'll do it if I have to, but -
When we get back, I want you to run that bug by the Smithsonian, see if they can identify it. Maybe it's got some limited range, or it only breeds at certain times of year... You found it, Starling, you deserve the credit.
Point taken.
When I told that sheriff we shouldn't talk in front of a woman, that really burned you, didn't it?  That was just smoke, Starling, I had to get rid of him. You did well in there.
They weren't there. Get close-ups.
What do you see, Starling?
Are you finished?
What should I say? You did fine work. We'll wait on the lab.
Okay, Starling. Let's have it.
Maybe you've got a knack for this... I guess we're about to find out.
Why not?
Why?
Talk about him, Starling. Tell me what you see.
Good idea, but he thought of it, too. We've run simulations, using different vectors and the best dates we can assign. You put it all in the computer, and smoke comes out. No, this one is different. This one has seen us coming...
Blue square for Belvedere, Ohio, where the Bimmel girl was abducted. Blue triangle where her body was found - down here in Missouri. Same marks for the other four girls, in different colors. This new one, today... washed up here.  Elk River, in West Virginia, about six miles below U.S. 79. Real boonies.
You don't have to feel any way about it. Lecter did it to amuse himself. Why not, what can they do? Take away his books for awhile, and no jello...  I know it got ugly today. But this is your report, Starling - take it as far as you can. On your own time, outside of class. Now carry on.
The orderly heard Lecter whispering to him, all afternoon, and Miggs crying. They found him at bed check. He'd swallowed his own tongue... Chilton is scared stiff the family will file a civil rights lawsuit, and he's trying to blame it on you. I told the little prick your conduct was flawless.  Starling...?
Miggs has been murdered.
Then do that, Starling. Do just exactly that.
Do you recall my instructions to you, Starling? What were they?
Well? Why aren't you there right now?
He mentioned a name, at the very end. "Mofet..." Any followup on her?
Every word, Starling? Every gesture?
I've read your interim memo on Lecter. You sure you've left nothing out?
Be very careful with Hannibal Lecter. Dr. Chilton at the asylum will go over the physical procedures used with him. Do not deviate from them, for any reason. You tell him nothing personal, Starling. Believe me, you don't want Hannibal Lecter inside your head... Just do your job, but never forget what he is.
Now. I want your full attention, Starling. Are you listening to me?
You're qualified and available. And frankly, I can't spare a real agent right now.
The psychiatrist - Dr. Hannibal Lecter.
You see, the one we want most refuses to cooperate. I want you to go after him again today, in the asylum.
We're trying to interview all of the serial killers now in custody, for a psychobehavioral profile. Could be a big help in unsolved cases. Most of them have been happy to talk to us. They have a compulsion to boast, these people... Do you spook easily, Starling?
A job's come up and I thought about you. Not really a job, more of - an interesting errand. Walk me to my car, Starling.
Your instructors tell me you're doing well. Top quarter of the class.
Starling, Clarice M., good morning.
Would you, Doctor? That would be so kind.
Oh, that's clever, Dr. Danielson. Very humorous. You like the truth? Try this.  He kidnaps young women and kills them and rips their skin off. We don't want him to do that anymore. If you don't help me, just as fast as you can, then the Justice Department is going to ask publicly for a court order, We'll ask twice a day, just in time for the morning and evening news. And each one of our press conferences will focus on Dr. Danielson, over at Johns Hopkins, and how we're still hoping for his cooperation. And every time there's any news on the case - when Catherine Martin floats, when the next one floats, and the next one - why, we'll just issue another press release about good ol' Dr. Danielson, over at Johns Hopkins - complete with all his humorous fucking remarks.
Look... search your own records, if you prefer. You can do it a lot faster than us, anyway. If we find Buffalo Bill through your information, I'll suppress it. Nobody has to know this hospital cooperated.
Her name is Kimberly Jane Emberg, she was just ID'd. I met her on a slab in West Virginia. And sometime tomorrow, or tomorrow night, he's going to do the same thing to Catherine Martin.
You want to see a violation? This is a violation...
Dr. Danielson, the man we want was never your patient. It would be someone you refused because he tries to conceal a record of criminal violence. Please, Doctor - time is eating us up. Just show me the ones you've turned away.
