Goodbye, Clarice...  You looked - so very lovely today, in your blue suit.
I have no plans to call on you, Clarice, the world being more interesting with you in it. Be sure you extend me the same courtesy.
Your lambs are still for now, Clarice, but not forever... You'll have to earn it again and again, this blessed silence. Because it's the plight that drives you, and the plight will never end.
Well, Clarice, have the lambs stopped screaming...?
Promise...?  Then why not take your case file? I won't be needing it anymore.
Brave Clarice. Will you let me know if ever the lambs stop screaming?
Dr. Chilton... I believe you know each other?
Thank you, Clarice.
Do you think if you saved Catherine, you could make them stop...? Do you think, if Catherine lives, you won't wake up in the dark, ever again, to the screaming of the lambs? Do you...?
You still wake up sometimes, don't you? Wake up in the dark, with the lambs screaming?
But what became of your lamb?  Clarice...?
Where were you going?
But you could. You did.
So you ran away...
They were slaughtering the spring lambs?
What did you do?
What was it?
Then something woke you. What? Did you dream...? What was it?
Not "just," Clarice. What set you off? You started what time?
I'll listen now. After your father's murder, you were orphaned. You were ten years old. You went to live with cousins, on a sheep and horse ranch in Montana. And - ?
We don't reckon time the same way, Clarice. This is all the time you'll ever have.
No. It's your turn to tell me, Clarice. You don't have any more vacations to sell, on Anthrax Island. Why did you run away from that ranch?
No. Precisely. We begin by coveting what we see every day. Don't you feel eyes moving over your body, Clarice? I hardly see how you couldn't. And don't your eyes move over the things you want?
No, he covets. That's his nature. And how do we begin to covet, Clarice? Do we seek out things to covet? Make an effort to answer.
What is the first and principal thing he does, what need does he serve by killing?
No! That's incidental.
First principles, Clarice. Simplicity. Read Marcus Aurelius. Of each particular thing, ask: What is it, in itself, what is its nature...? What does he do, this man you seek?
I've studied the case file, have you...? Everything you need to find him is right in these pages. Whatever his name is.
Clarice... you're hardly in a position to accuse me of lying.
How very thoughtful... Or did Crawford send you here for one last wheedle - before you're both booted off the case?
That's enough, I think. Happy hunting. Oh, and Clarice - next time you will tell me why you ran away. Shall I summarize?
The personality inventories would trip him up. Rorschach, Wechsler, House-Tree-Person... He wouldn't test like a real transsexual.
There are three major centers for transsexual surgery: Johns Hopkins, the University of Minnesota, and Columbus Medical center. I wouldn't be surprised if Billy has applied for sex reassignment at one or all of them, and been rejected.
Billy's not a real transsexual, but he thinks he is. He tries to be. He's tried to be a lot of things, I expect.
Did he try to?
Why, Clarice? Did the rancher fuck you?
Why so briefly?
How long did you live there?
A cattle ranch?
After your father's death, you were orphaned. What happened next?  I don't imagine the answer's on those second-rate shoes, Clarice.
Clever girl. You're so close to the way you're going to catch him - do you realize that?
The significance of the moth is change. Caterpillar into cocoon into beauty... Billy wants to change, too, Clarice. But there's the problem of his size, you see. Even if he were a woman, he'd have to be a big one...
You're very frank, Clarice. I think - it would be quite something to know you in private life.
Killed outright?
Tell me. Don't lie, or I'll know.
What's your worst memory of childhood?  Quicker than that. I'm not interested in your worst invention.
Terns... If I help you, Clarice, it will be "turns" with us, too. Quid pro quo. I tell you things, you tell me things. Not about this case, though - about yourself. Yes or no?  Yes or no, Clarice. Catherine is waiting. Tick-tock, tick-tock...
"Plum Island Animal Disease Research Center." Sounds charming.
I'm waiting for your offer, Clarice. Enchant me.
Was it a butterfly?
Mmm. And what else...?
Big through the hips. Roomy.
Life's too slippery for books, Clarice. Typhoid and swans came from the same God.  Tell me, Miss West Virginia - was she a large girl?
That is both impudent and untrue... Tell me, how did you feel when you viewed our Billy's latest effort?  Or should I say, his "next-to-latest"?
Oh, a very naughty boy. Someone you and Jack Crawford are most anxious to meet.
I've been in this room for eight years, Clarice. I know they will never, ever let me out while I'm alive. What I want is a view. I want a window where I can see a tree, or even water. I want to be in a federal institution, away from Chilton - and I want a view. I'll give good value for it. Crawford could do that for me, but he won't. You persuade him.
Punishment, you see. For Miggs. Just like that gospel program. When you leave, they'll turn the volume way up. Chilton does enjoy his petty torments.
Or doesn't this all begin to suggest to you a kind of... negotiation? There's something Crawford can give me, and I want to trade for it. I even wrote to him, offering my help. But he hates me, so he won't deal directly.
Not anymore.  Surely the odd confluence of events hasn't escaped you, Clarice. Crawford dangles you before me. Then I give you a bit of help. Do you think it's because I like to look at you, and imagine how good you would taste...?
Your first lie to me, Clarice. How sad. Tell me - do you think Crawford wants you, sexually? True, he's much older, but - do you think he visualizes... scenarios, exchanges...? Fucking you?
Jack Crawford is helping your career, isn't he? Apparently he likes you. And you like him, too.
Do you have something you use, when you need to get up your courage? Memories, tableaux... scenes from your early life?
Ahhh... Why?
And have them clomping about in my life? Oh dear, no... At that time I still had certain private amusements of my own.  How did you feel when you saw him, Clarice? May I call you Clarice?
Who can say...? Best thing for him, really. His therapy was going nowhere.
His real name is Benjamin Raspail. A former patient of mine, whose romantic attachments ran to, shall we say, the exotic...? I didn't kill him, merely tucked him away. Very much as I found him, in that ridiculous car, in his own garage, after he's missed three appointments. You'd have him under "Missing Person" - which, in poor Raspail's case, could hardly be more true.
I might if I saw the case file. You could get that for me.
Why don't you ask me about Buffalo Bill?
Your bleeding has stopped.
Advancement, of course.  Go to Split City. See Miss Mofet, an old patient of mine. M-O-F-E-T... Now go. Go.  I don't think Miggs could manage again so soon, even if he is crazy - do you?
No. But I will make you happy... I'll give you a chance for what you love most, Clarice Starling.
I would not have had that happen to you. Discourtesy is - unspeakably ugly to me.
A census taker once tried to test me. I ate his liver with some fava beans and a nice chianti... Fly back to school, little Starling.
And you'd hate to think you were common. My, wouldn't that sting! Well you're far from common, Officer Starling. All you have is the fear of it.  Now please excuse me. Good day.
You're a tough one, aren't you?
Oh, Officer Starling... do you think you can dissect me with this blunt little tool?
I didn't.
Witless and misleading. Why do you think he takes their skins, Officer Starling? Thrill me with your wisdom.
Do you know why he's called Buffalo Bill? Tell me. The newspapers won't say.
All flayed...?
How many women has he used, our Bill?
Jack Crawford must be very busy indeed if he's recruiting help from the student body. Busy hunting that new one, Buffalo Bill... Such a naughty boy! Did Crawford send you to ask for my advice on him?
No, no, no. You were doing fine, you'd been courteous and receptive to courtesy, you'd established trust with the embarrassing truth about Miggs, and now this ham-handed segue into your questionnaire. It won't do. It's stupid and boring.
Memory, Officer Starling, is what I have instead of view.
Yes. That's the Duomo, seen from the Belvedere. Do you know Florence?
I have no doubt of it.
It's much better than your shoes.
I see. I myself cannot. You use Evyan skin cream, and sometimes you wear L'Air du Temps, but not today. You brought your best bag, though, didn't you?
Now then. What did Miggs say to you?  "Multiple Miggs," in the next cell. He hissed at you. What did he say?
Mmmmm... That's rather slippery of you, Officer Starling. Sit. Please.
Jack Crawford sent a trainee to me?
That expires in one week. You're not real FBI, are you?
May I see your credentials?
"We" being the Behavioral Science Unit, at Quantico. You're one of Jack Crawford's, I expect.
Oh, and Senator...? Love you suit.
Senator Martin...! You can't trust Jack Crawford or Clarice Starling. It's such a game with these people. They're determined to get the arrest for themselves. The "collar," I think they say.
Toughened your nipples, didn't it...?  Six foot one, strongly built, about 190 pounds. Hair brown, eyes pale blue. He'd be about 35 now. He said he lived in Philadelphia, but may have lied. That's really all I can remember, Senator - but if I think of any more, I'll let you know.
Did you breast-feed her?
I won't waste your time and Catherine's time bargaining for petty privileges. Clarice Starling and that awful Jack Crawford have wasted far too much already. I only pray they haven't doomed the poor girl... Let me help you now, and I'll trust you when it's all over.
