I know sir. I won't let you down.
There won't be any need for that sir.
I love her sir. If I don't help you, I won't be able to make her my wife. Mohammed Ali Paula Abdul Rahim has agreed to come with me to the North Pole on a rescue mission.
It's Esther. Santa's got her.
No way, it's too dangerous. Besides, my days of hooking are over.
Looks like I got a plane to catch.
What's up?
Good thinking. We'll disguise ourselves as a Gentile couple to pass undetected. Now that he thinks I'm dead, this should be a piece of homentashen.
It was a trap. I'm back at square one.
That'll work. Get them out to the Jewish community stat. We got an epidemic on our hands.
Chief, it's me. Listen carefully. I need for the Worldwide Jewish Media Conspiracy to mass produce video copies of every Hollywood movie ever made featuring a positive Jewish protagonist as its lead.
I'm gonna pay a visit to the K.L.F. See if they've got the 411 on Santa's location. I'll check in with you when I know more.
I guess I could be chalant about it, but then again I'm not even sure if that's a word. Listen Chief, we could stand around arguing all day, but I gotta case to crack.
Hey, it's your Bar Mitzvah. I'm just readin' the Torah portion.
I got the job done didn't I? I did what I had to do.
We go to the same temple.
Esther!
Esther!
I love you too. I'm sorry about freaking out yesterday. I was wrong.
What are you doing here?
I'm sorry Esther, I just don't think we can see each other romantically anymore.
Oh my god. She's become my pimp. And she's whoring her bitch-son out to the highest bidder.
When did you guys have this conversation? When I was in the bathroom? What else did she have to say?
Oh, she said that, did she? What else did Mommy Dearest have to say?
Also, on a daily basis, I want you to tell me what to do, where to do it, and how I should live my life.
Afterwards they'll make the decision as to whether or not they'd like to continue their religious studies in Israel. Because, hey, after all we'll have practiced the highly effective assertive democratic style of child rearing, sprinkled with a healthy dose of liberalism.
I want for our children to go to private schools and take music lessons. Little Abraham will go to Stanford for college, Batya will go Ivy League, maybe Vassar.
Oh. Okay.
Yes Esther.
You mean like disco dancing or doing the funky chicke...Oh. I get it.
Sorry. I'm better with men.
I said, yeah, about once a week!
What was that!?
Want to get a drink?
Now we wait for Santa to make his next move.
That got annoying fairly quickly.
C'mon follow me.
He must be behind that curtain. Relax. We're undercover. We need to give off the appearance of calm. You see Esther, the trick to undercover work is to try and blend in. Act as a Gentile would.
Oy vey, I'm stuffed.
I'm sorry to hear about Santa. He was a good friend, but my days...
Your mother? Oh. Whoops.
How is old Chief Bloomenbergensteinenthal? Is he still shtooping every girl he can get his hands on?
Client notes. Sorry.  What can I do for you?
From the way she carried herself I could tell she'd been around the block a few times...
Please, call me Mordechai.
Mom! We're eating!
...I'm not finished yet, mom.
Well I have news for you mom. It is good enough...I'm good enough and I won't leave here until I hear you tell me...
...and their children will all be able to eat latkes and spin dreidels, and light the menorah with the knowl...
...and the opportunity to help my brothers and sisters in the Jewish community.
Mom, why don't you put that cat out of its misery?
No. No. We're gonna argue. And you know what mom? I'm going to save Hanukkah just to spite you. And when my face is all over the television. When your friends are opening their Hanukkah gifts next year, don't mention it to them, okay? I wouldn't want you to have to show my picture.
So don't show a picture.
Mom, I have a real job. I do good things for this community. I help people.
Mom, stop with this already. Of course I love you. You're my mother.
Shabat Shalom mama. I brought some Manischewitz. The black label.
I'll be in my office.
But we're not open on Sundays.
Anything else?
Okay, what's the information?
Happy Hanukkah Tikva.
Everything's kosher. Watch him for me.
Offscreen gunfire. That Jewish Atomic Clock stuff ate up a lot of our budget.
Well that's good news for us. It means the system is outdated. This should be easy. C'mon.
The alarm will trigger if the system detects any Non-W.A.S.P. tendencies inside the building. For example, if you were to dribble a basketball, or eat watermelon, or use the word dawg...that is, spelled with an aw as opposed to the letter o...within the confines of this workshop, the alarm would sound.
Take a look.
Wait! Before we enter, you need to know that my research has determined that Santa's compound is wired with the XP 2000 stereo type alarm system.
Just praying to god that we don't kill ourselves going over this wall.
Oh yeah. Take a look.
But wait, there's more. With a few swift clicks of this hand-computer interface, commonly referred to as a mouse, I can download illicit pornographic material and even send it along to a friend via a cyber postal route known as e-mail.
Now this might get a bit technical, but try and stay with me. Using a highly sophisticated connection of other computators, called the Internet, I can access surveillance maps, villian biographical information, and even sports scores with a few simple keystrokes of this electronic typewriter.
It's gonna be tough, but the back entrance looks like our best bet.
He's still working out some identity issues.
Okay, look. I'm going to work really, really hard on this one. But, please stop with the pressure. I'm already tense as it is.
Not if I can help it. You got any information for me?
Actually, I...I don't. What does that mean?
I'm back on the job for the JDL. You hear about that crazy white boy who took over as Santa?
I shlepped all the way to the North Pole for this? I come to fight you, and you don't even put out anything to nosh on? What kind of arch nemesis are you?
Where's my girlfriend Santa?
Hey everybody. How's it hangin'?
What are you doing?
What's your shpiel, Santa?
Let me guess, you're the goy who stole Hanukkah.
If you keep your mouth shut and come with me, you won't get hurt.
