You're impossible...
Tell me.
Where is he?
I've been waiting a long time to hear you say that.
How'd they take it back at headquarters?
What do I know?  I'm just a bartender.
Oh, yeah, well look where you came when you were down and out.
When a guy hurts you, then comes back bleeding on his hands and knees, who knows, he might just be irrestible.
It might pay to reexamine a few of your more primitive notions.  I was in bed with a girlfriend watching TV last week, Jack, and one thing we know about me is I happen not to be a lesbian ... Now, if this Indian's girlfriend got upset when you came looking for him, it could just be she's still vulnerable to him.
What makes you think they were lesbians, or as you so quaintly put it, dykes?
Jack, it's all over the papers. He's an obvious type.  But this Indian...
Ganz is going to be hard to track. Just a pure schizo ... wires all crossed... totally without any pattern... kill anybody... The Indian... himself... anybody...
You real down?
I can see that.  Pardon me for saying so, but you look like shit.  What happened?
I ought to have you and your friend thrown out...
Hey, I don't believe it.
Fuck you.
Hello.
Jack, wait...
Jack?  What was that?
So am I.
No wonder you're so popular.
I'm at work, asshole.  Where else?
This is not the way people who care for each other are supposed to behave.
Just one.  Some lady called.  Said she's a little hot-headed sometimes... But she still wants her occasional roommate. She'd like to talk it over after she gets off work tonight... if it's humanly possible....
I get that. The job first. Everything else, especially me, second. I get it. I don't like it.
Here it comes again ... the sacred job...
Look, Jack, if you make everything your personal responsibility, you'll turn into a bad cop.  It's not a practical way to function...
Look, spare me the macho bullshit about your gun...
Jack, are you okay?
You made the front page.
Great place for lunch.
I think you forgot this. Hands him his wallet and badge...
Yeah, for some reason, I'm sure...
Call me later.
You know something, Jack, you really are hopeless.
I wish you'd stop trying to make me mad so I won't care for you... I wish you'd give me a little more of a chance.
When you start with that attitude... it's like I don't know who you are.
Maybe that makes a nice excuse.
That's a fairly crummy way to start a morning.
Maybe I would if I knew when you were coming back.
You know, if you let me come over to your place once in a while, you could put on a clean shirt in the morning.
Tell me--I'm dyin' to hear it.
If this is your idea of sympathetic interest in my problems, I'll take brutal indifference.
Aren't you the one that thinks all psychotherapy is bullshit?
Then I sit back and I think, I mean, who's to say I'm not a dumb bitch.  I work in a bar, right? I can't read a list of my academic credentials to every booze-hound that comes in the place... You are what you do...
Irrigated his face with the shot of J and B I'd just poured him. Then I tried to deck the sucker.
A guy in the bar called me a dumb bitch today.
I'm all wet.
You're hopeless.
I still don't think it's loaded.
I don't think your gun's loaded...
What am I wanted for?
In all due respect, he sounds kind of pathetic to me.  The kind of guy that runs home to his momma or some girlfriend.  Have you two ace detectives checked that out?
That's no bull.
How would you know?
Shrink major, not a shrink.
I'm not so sure I can say the same thing...You don't look like a cop.
Who the hell are you?
