Try obeyin' the law once in awhile, and I won't have to hassle you...
I don't give a damn about his girl...
Maybe I better ask around, see what your pals think.
Now how's your memory doin'?
No, man, I think I'll have a vodka.
Vodka.
I'll buy ya the best dinner in San Francisco...how'd that be? Then we'll go dancin', okay?
Hey, no, I'm tryin' to be nice. Buy yourself something pretty. I'd do it, but I got to go.  I got this cop waitin' for me...
Here you go, baby.
I just struck it rich... I think we can do a little business.  As a matter of fact, I think we can have a party.
Here's hoping, baby...
No, it's gotta be here and now. Believe me. Only I don't have the damn money for a room...
No, baby, nothin' like that. Look, there's a place across the street. We can go right over there...
Yeah, i been waiting three years.
Here you go sweetheart, throw it my way.
Goodbye.
Oh ... You're a schoolteacher...
Excuse me, baby, but if i don't get some action tonight, I'm gonna bust.  You interested?
No trouble, Jack. But, listen, suppose I stay a crook?  Where'd you get the idea that you could catch me?
Spare met Jack. I'm into legit investments from here on in.
You are an awesomely weird cop. Sure wish there were more like you runnin' around out here.
And you're tellin' me you don't want any of this cash?
Wait a minute, Cates.  I've been waitin' three years for that.  I don't think it's fair, man. What about the merit system.? You were gonnna give me a few thousand.
Hey, Jack, real men don't have to go in for that macho bullshit ... but I was fantastic.
Yeah.  But I wasn't there for a second.
Well, you got to admit we come a long way.
Yeah, and I know Ganz sure ain't no sweetheart... I wouldn't like it if this partnership ended before it gets started.
If we run into Billy first, let me try and talk him in.
Hey, there she is...
What if your girl's theory turns out to be bullshit?  I mean, they could be in Rio de Janeiro.
Do I get to kiss her too?
Yeah, too bad.  They were real nice lookin' too...In bed together, hardly any clothes one watching TV...
It's late, they're closing...
Yeah, but we didn't get 'em.
Sorry we didn't do better, Jack. I feel like I let you down.
Back to jail in my own car.  Ganz got away. Got all my money. It just don't seem right.
Hey, how'd my car get here?
Notice something funny about that bus?
Luther's on the move...
When you been in prison three years, it don't take long. Let's go.
I can just take her right across the street to Luther's hotel.  All I need is some money for the room.
Bein' good at your job don't explain everything, Jack ...
You sure that's the reason?
Forget it. I want Ganz as bad as you do and I got some other news for you...
They must have set up a meeting for the morning; Luther left an 8 am wake-up and put up the "Don't Disturb" sign.  He's trading his girl for the money.  All we have to do to grab Ganz is not go blind.
Let him get some sleep.  He's going to need it.
You missed ... Luther took a taxi to the hotel across the street. Made a phone call.
What about Ganz?
Be polite. Say hello.  This is Candy.
Hey, Jack, how ya doin'? What took you so long to call, man? I been waitin' ... I'm at Vroman's up in the Fillmore. Yeah, Vroman's... 'Course you don't hang out here; it's for the brothers.
No way...
Bullshit. Then i'm staying with the money.
That was in style a couple years back, man.
We're getting too close ... Cates, what's the matter, you been takin' dumb pills?
No class...
You know, I'd be embarrassed if I let my wheels go the way you've done with this job.
A long time agb Luther must of got the shit beat out of him so bad it just rattled his brain ... that would account for him making so many wrong moves in a row...
If he's hoping that then he's dumber than I think he is, which would be amazin', cause I already think he's real dumb.
You got a very depressing view of life, man... you gotta smile once in awhile...
Doesn't it get... Tiring?
Say, do you always work people over like you did Luther?
I let women get to me.  The quest for pussy is the meaning of life ... I got my own personal philosophy about 'em.  Keep women separate from guns, money and business ... women are for spending money.  They got nothing to do with helping you make it.
I'm tellin' you the man's in love... he wants to be a hero for his girl.
Tryin' to save his girl, man. He's in another world.
I had no choice. Some white asshole bought the last piece of shit skyblue Cadillac.
Jesus Christ, look at all the dust on my car...why in the hell don't he take it to a car wash?
Jesus Christ.  That's a disgrace The guy pulls a gun on a cop and he's out in 24 hours.  I tell you some of the courts these days are just a fucking revolving door.
What?
Not really.  I figured Ganz was put down for a long time.  And I knew Luther would never job me on his own.  He's too chickenshit.
I wasn't sure the money was still there until we saw Luther. You almost got your ass shot off for nothing once, not twice, Jack.
You just drove by it.
This'll show you how smart I am. I got it parked.
You're a real case, you know that, Jack?
Get this. We ain't partners. We ain't brothers. We ain't friends. If Ganz gets away with my money, you're gonna be sorry we ever met.
In the trunk of a car.  A lot better than under a mattress, right?
You gonna let me keep any of it?
We split 50-50?
You catch on real fast...Okay, Jack, let's talk deal. How much of my money you gonna let me keep?
Me and my bunch hit a dealer in the middle of a sale. It's the kind of money nobody ever reports stolen. I was sittin' pretty, livin' in the high cotton, then somebody fingered me for another job. ... Some psycho who's out there capping people with some cop's gun.
Half a million.
I been waiting a long time for some money.
One thing's for sure, Jack. That's how you'll tell the story.
Naw, you'd just call your pals back to bail you out one more time.
Maybe I don't like the way you ask.
I'm impressed with you too, Jack you did a real good job of busting up a couple of dykes bedded down for the night.
You wanna leave, man?  Let me take care of Ganz all by myself.
Wait a minute.  Maybe these ladies would like to go a few laps with us.  How about it? I been nearly three years in prison and...
Must be billy's girl.
You made that move, huh?
That wasn't necessary, buddy. I got this under control.
This place don't seem real popular with the brothers.
I thought you said bullshit and experience are all it takes.
I don't know what you're talking about. I just wanna see Ganz nailed.
What are you talkin' about?
That's never been one of my problems.
If we come outta this joint with Ganz' phone number, or a dead Indian, or anything else useful, then you could turn the other way for half an hour while I get laid...
Hey, you wanna bet?
I been in a lot of bars where a white cop rousted me and some of the brothers. All those clowns ever had going for 'em was a gun and a badge...
But you can handle it all right, huh? Real amazin' how far a gun and a badge can carry some cats...
Back you up?  Now why would I wanna do that?
It's a long shot, but...Billy used to tend bar here a few years back. I heard him talk about it.
At least you took care of business and got the important part in before she came down on you...Tell me a little about her.  She got great tits?
You have a good time?
Last night, two nights ago, three?
Mission District.  Gonna find us an Indian.
You really do have onoe, huh, Jack... what's her problem besides you?
Who'd you call on the phone back at the booking station?
Yeah, I want mandolins, flowers... They move off down the corridor.
Bullshit ... I ain't moving  till I get something to eat. You've been treating me like shit ever since I came out here.  If you don't like it, you can take me back to the penitentiary and kiss my hungry black ass good-bye.  And I want some food some place nice.. Some good people, nice music...
Speakin' of moans my Stomach is startin' to growl.
Do you know how close I was to getting some trim.  And you fucked' it up.
If you let him run around till Tuesday, he's gonna run right to Ganz and warn him. Ain't you, motherfucker?
I think you better put him on ice, man.
Thank you.
I got a whole thing about people pointin' guns at me.
Quit playin' cop and undo this cuff, Jack, I need to talk to this man.
Luther ain't the reliable type. I don't want you shot yet, Cates ... not before you been a help to me.
Just up the street, the other side, over there ... Now, don't bother knockin' on the door. Luther ain't the kind of guy that looks for company.
Then what're you complainin' about? At least nobody's calling you shithead....
Just an expression man, don't mean nothin'.
What gang you talkin' about, Jack?
Don't worry, I got a move for ya. An awesome move. A guy named Luther. Ganz'll be paying him a visit.  We go to him right away.
It looks like you bought it off one of the brothers.
Shit.  I'm already sorry.
No way to start a partnership.
Hey, no way.  Take off the bracelets or no deal.
You got a girl... shit... the generosityof women never ceases to amaze me.
Listen, it may be a little out of date. You know, I got a reputation for lookingreal sharp with the ladies...
What are you talkin' about?  This suit's mine.  It cost $900.
It's the only way you're gonna get Ganz.
I got a lot to protect.
I can help you, man, but you gotta get me out.  I got to be on the street.  Get me outta here.
I can deliver Ganz.  But you gotta get me outta here first.
Ganz is in jail.  He's gonna be there two years after I'm on the street.
You here to write my life story?
Sure, anything you want.
You got a name, cop?
He was the only one of my bunch that was my friend... He was loyal, went all the way for you...
Hey, two days with him is enough.
Hard man to live with.
Well, I been workin' the other side of the street for the last few years.  And you don't exactly look like a shrink, wearin' that dress...
Name's Hammond, Reggie Hammond. I heard a lot about you. And any friend of Jack's is a friend of mine.
I'll got your money to you. No sweat.
Try and take it.
Yeah, I know that, but this is me and we're old friends. I haven't got the money so what are you gonna do about it?
Five.  On credit.
Don't mess with me. How much?
How much?
How about some ammo?
I'm sure.  Everybody here's looking at everybody else's ass.
Naw, right here's okay.
How you doing, man?
