Thanks, Cleo.  See you tomorrow.
Hello?
My fault - What do we do that enables us to be as great as we are?
Hee-hee-haaaa-weee worked it out.  Heee hee-haaa....
It's off... I can't take the fighting, the back-stabbing, the open hostility. We're not acting like cheerleaders, we're acting like a bunch of sorority girls!
Cleo, I've already thrown up twice today - could you please get to any relevant part of the movie?
Everything's fine.  I'm just having a little trouble keeping my frown upside down.
Wayne Gretzky.
I've got to get that.  Relax.  I'll see you tomorrow.
She thinks you went to the police.
That's right.  Practice makes perfect. I'm practicing to have a baby right now. If we do a practice job, we'll not only get the experience, but also the extra money we need for guns!
Hee-hee-hee, haaaaa-that's it?  Hee-hee hee...
Of course - of course!  Hands in...
So then this isn't crazy.  It's a sure bet.
If you don't - can you still afford to go to Harvard?
That's right.  So all we have to do is watch a bunch of movies and learn from their mistakes.
C'mon, Luce, people do it in the movies all the time.
Look, I might be moody.  I might be gassy.  But I am perfectly sane.  Think about it.  In school, they tell us, "Dreams can come true."  Right?
"Positive" you're sure I'm not fat or "positive" I'm...
You sure?
No I don't... I keep asking because I feel fat.
No...I've been pregnant.
Huh-ha-wha?  Ahh!  I'm under the ice!  I'm uh -- oh...man...  That was a weird one.
Jus some girlie things for the squad.
That was gas, Sweetie.
Uh, Jack - look, I can explain...
If you reach for the stars, you're bound to get -- mm-Jack, pull over.
Mmm-hmmm...
I know, but that was before.
Jack, I think I should get a job.
Trix...
Jack...
Jack, sweetie, I'm only eating for two.
Oh, Jack...
I sure do.
So, while we're knee deep in right now - and things seem pretty "stinky" - in the long run, we're going to grow strong from this.
I see a flower.  And y'know, even the most beautiful flowers still grow from dirt.
Well, if I had to guess...  I'd say that was the sound of a mother saying good-bye to her little boy and hello to a young man who's going to be a daddy of his own...  Jack, do you know what I see here?
... so when your dad said, "I never want to see your "f-'in' faces again!" do you think he meant forever or just until your mom wakes up?
Hi, Jack.
...do not accept charity.  We are two young, able-bodied Americans.  We do not want a handout.  We want a hand-up. Give us food and we will be hungry tomorrow.  Give us corn - the kind you plant, not eat - and we'll grow our own food and... and, uh, then cut it, and - uh, y'know eat it!  Now, if you're interested in giving us a home loan, I will sit back down.  If not, have a nice day, Ma'am.
No.  Wait!  Did I say Promise!  Cross-my heart and hope-to-die, stick-a-needle-in my-eye we'll never miss a payment?!
What?!  But all our paperwork's there. My school records, Jack's football records...
Don't use big bills!
Yeah, hold on.
Remember, Kansas, every time you point a finger you've got three more pointing back at you.
Oh no...
Hee-hee-h-wait a minute.  Hold on, now. What do we do before a big game?
NO!  Wait...um...  We're the A-squad from Lincoln High? So, uh...
Oh, thank G-d!  I'm not just super fat!
It's all my fault.  I'm sorry I ever started this...
Kansas!
Lucy, do you know for sure you're going to get that scholarship?
And if the O.J. trial taught us anything, it taught us that in America, you can cut off someone's head and still be found innocent if you have enough money.  Your mom only shot a guy...
Listen, Kansas, I know you dream of springing your mom some day...
You sure I'm not fat?
"No" you're not sure or "No" I'm not fat?
He is the Great One...
Madonna.
I'll just ask the question myself... "Is Jack Bartlett interested in me?"
Well, I want to know what happened --
Ooops, that's me -- gotta run!
No.  This is Diane.  I think you have the wrong number.
Hello?
Yeah?
You're kidding.
Hey, hey, hey.  C'mon you guys.  Obviously that's a little more than our budget will allow.  Basically, we're looking for something around two-hundred dollars.
Bullets?  No bullets!  Oh my gosh, these are just to scare people. Kinda like round-off, back handspring, whip back, double full.  You never really use it - you just want the opposing squad to know you've got it.
Ammo?
Well, we'll each probably want one - so let's make it five.  Five should do it.
I guess there's an exception to every rule.
Hold on...
Ooops, hold on a sec.
Hannah, we've...
Hello?
That's okay, Hannah.  It was silly to think we could learn to rob a bank from watching movies.  Sex - you can learn from movies.  But robberies?  There's no way.
Or that!  Look, you guys, I just want to provide a future for my baby.  I know my bank branch like the back of my puffy little hand.  I could open that safe in my sleep!
And Hannah, you could give your share to your church - or maybe buy one of those hungry little kids Sally Struthers advertises.
Don't Martha-fucking-Stewart me!  If you don't like it - you try being a pregnant teen!
I know, Hannah.  Look, I'm not going to get an abortion.  I mean, I always planned to get married and have kids - I'm just going a little out of order. Kinda reminds me of another young lady who found herself "with child," unmarried, on a long road, with no place to sleep.  'Course, that was a long-long time ago.  But no matter what, she held her head high and said... "Pappa don't preach, I'm in trouble deep.  Pappa don't preach, 'cause I'm keepin' my baby.  Hey.  I'm gonna keep my baby." The great one...
... Ja-ck B-ar-t-le-tt... Is Jack Bartlett interested in me?
