Well, use your head, "Stalker Betty."
NO-GAH-BUH- NO!  Rule number two - NO NAMES!  NO GODDAMN NAMES, you retard!
Hey!  Rule number one - never take off the mask!  Y'hear me!  No matter what happens, NEVER TAKE OFF THE MASK!
This is great - GREAT!  Now we have to enter the front door!
Who are you - the goddamn Bionic Woman?!
You have three heart attacks and a half dozen strokes and tell me how much you wanna run up and down the stairs.  Shit - I forgot to pick up the cigarettes.
You piece-a-shit bug zapper!
Shut up, Cleo.  Di, how much do you need for an abortion?
For a pack of cigs?  I use her food stamps.
Just call me later.  I gotta get some smokes for Grandma.
That you?
She's been the weak tit on this mama cat since the beginning.
It was Lucy!  Lucy went to the cops!
He Ikea'd us.
Hey.  Eyes on your own belly!
We were told you could "fix us up."
Oh - okay, we ain't done with this... Those babies are gonna get a good start in life - with a real crib - one that costs a shit-load!  We're gonna learn how to rob a bank from the only people who really know how to do it - criminals!  I'm gonna visit my mom!
Di, it's not your fault.  We all wanted to do this - for you... for ourselves.
I'm sorry, Diane, but I'm not gonna watch my dreams fade away 'cause the Virgin Mary here thinks she's gonna get ideas from kiddie movies --
Shut up.
Stop, you're gonna make me cry.
Uh, "no"... You're not fat.
Hat-trick?
We're here for you, Diane.
Nope.  Sounds more like the first.
Anyway, last time I checked, you still had to have sex to have an orgasm.  And I know she ain't seen the lord on all fours - so I'm just saying.
I'll get them before "Touched by an Angel," don't worry.
Uh...Yeah, Grandma.  She doesn't mean that.  Kinda lost the old filter with her last stroke.
Thanks!  That'd be great.
Oh yeah, you caught us...
Shit!  Yeah, Grandma.  Me and the squad.
Screw Lucy!
Bank branch!
All of you!
Don't make me Jerry Lewis you guys for the rest.
'Cause I will Jerry Springer you faster than you can say "Fat-assed lesbian!"
You sure you wanna go there?
Am I the only one who cares about this? At least I watched "Dog Day Afternoon!"
Wait a minute.  You watched the Apple fucking-Dumpling Gang?!
Oh my G-d!  I'm not first!
Hold up, hold up.  Any sentence that starts with "at church camp" ain't leading to the big "O."
Hannah, in order to get real answers from the netherworld, you've gotta have a Christian virgin run the board.  Your kind is pure of heart - the devil won't dick with you.
Hey, don't "mouthy shit" me - I'm outta here.
Oh, Jesus Christ, Mom!  Like my life ain't a great big pile-of-shit 'cause you're in here?  Now I have to add, "P.S. My mom's a dyke" too?
I know, but we can't quite figure out how to, y'know, do it.
I know - that's what I said too. Anyway, we want to help her get some money for the baby by robbing a bank.
My best friend got pregnant.
Okay, you can't tell anybody.
Your help.
I don't hate you.  I need your help.
They could kill you.
You shouldn't smoke so many of those.
Grandma and Grandpa sent you pictures of a neighbor girl.  They didn't want you to break out and come kidnap me.
What the hell do you want?
I mean it.  I'm in.  This is the closest thing to a goddamn family that I've ever had.  If one of us needs something, we all do.
Virgin Mary musta snuck that one in.
More proof God's a guy...
