That was taken nine years ago... I.D.'d as Michael Hanover.  Sentenced to 18 months in the state penn at Rawlins, Wyoming for armed robbery.  He escaped from custody after 4 days.  Hasn't been seen or heard from since.
And whether you want to believe it or not, you already fired the first shot.  On another matter, Federal Corrections used to keep records on distinguishing marks-- scars, tattoos.  I did a search and came up with this.
With your help.
Maybe we got screwed outta living in a time when we could sit in a cafe, sipping our lattes wearing two thousand dollar wrist watches while we plan our next vacation.  But the world got a whole lot meaner all of a sudden.  Wasn't s'posed to, but it did.  And it's back to the law of the jungle.  You got your predators and you got your victims.
You are involved.  By being alive you're involved.
These girls, kidnapped during the last month and sold overseas to the highest bidder.  The oldest is twelve.  The youngest about the same age you were when you escaped.
Forty-seven people drowned last night off the coast of Vancouver after paying smugglers twenty thousand apiece to get into Canada so they could get work in order to eat.  Only they got marched overboard at gunpoint instead.
Deeds, not words.  I need your help.
It turned up on the black market.  One of my sources thought I might be interested.
Open it.
On accounta you, Sonrisa didn't get to buy off the jury, or kill the judge. He's gone.  Once and for all.  It was war, Max, and you won.
I've never been much for trying to understand why bad things happen, I just know they do.  So the job's to figure out how to deal with the consequences.  Which you did... You took that sonuvabitch out.
My mother used to say the universe is right on schedule.  Everything happens like it's supposed to.
Not in any pain...the good and bad news of a blown out spinal cord.
Somebody's got to.
You're a soldier, Max.  That's what you were put here for.  But soldiers need a mission otherwise they tear themselves up.
She's put her life on the line, and her faith in me.
So, you know the lengths he'll go to keep her from going public... I'm turning Lauren over to Canadian law enforcement tomorrow.  They'll put her in witness protection, but if you're with her the risk of her safety goes way down.
She's prepared to testify that she was instructed to do this by one of Edgar Sonrisa's managers.  You know who Sonrisa is?
The woman you met, Lauren.  She supervised workers removing cortodiazapine from gel caps by hand and replacing it with powdered sugar.  The real drug was shipped out of the country. The placebos were distributed to County VA Hospital and six veterans' clinics in the area.
Your help.
I need to find this technician, or anyone else who knows about Project Manticore. They would've used surrogate mothers to carry you after the in-vitro work... If I can track down one of them.
Like extra virgin olive oil, the best of the best.
Hardly...
A girl.
The technical term for you is "chimera"...
How much do you know?
How well do you remember the lab?
The bar code on your neck, Max.  I know who you are and I know who you're running from.
He was working on something called Project Manticore, which was using recombinant DNA to produce a superior human...a warrior...an advanced infantry soldier.
L-Triptophane...a neurotransmitter sometimes used in homeopathy to control seizures.  Then the lightbulb went off.
C'mon, Max.  First I watch you dive headfirst out the window fifteen stories up like you're Rocky the flying squirrel. Then, I found this in your apartment.
The other one like you...
Suppose I could help you locate the other ones.
Only when I meet someone I have to know everything about.
No, I meant this.
C'mere, I want to show you something.
I haven't been able to get you off my mind.
I'm sorry.  It wasn't my intention.  But I had to see you.
Look, if I made you nervous or uncomfortable or creeped you out--
It's alright, Peter, we're fine.
You're that nervous, you're welcome to stay here.
That would be appropriate, yes.
So saw my hands off, I left you a present.
You make it sound I pawed through your priceless collection of underwear.
Bent?
Me?  You're the one who tried to rip off this piece.
It was open.
I'm not a half bad cook.
Ever notice how cats always seem to turn up around dinner time?
Yeah...
You accept the way things are, you're an active participant in making it worse.
Something.
People had a choice, even if they took it for granted.  And now they don't.
Look around at all this...  Built by people who got up every morning and worked hard trying to make a better life.  Then the bomb happened and everyone got scared.  They blinked and before they knew it they'd given away the store to a bunch of thugs who were happy to take it off their hands.  Overnight the government, the police, everything intended to protect the people had been turned against them.
Fortunately, my needs are met in that department.
One of my sources.  Her husband was murdered by Edgar Sonrisa.
Lauren's not my wife.
Too early to tell.
Now you know who I am, where I live.  I figured I better find out who I'm dealing with in case you were looking to hurt me.
Wasn't that hard.
The one you're wearing?
Can we go somewhere and talk?
Logan Cale.
We didn't get a chance to finish our conversation the other night.
Who is...
So, what, you liked it because it was shiny?
You have good taste.  French, 1920's, attributed to Chitarus.
We're just a little tense right now...  It's okay.
You're lucky.  I almost pulled the trigger.
I was expecting someone else.
Thank God.
You're a thief?
I'll wait.
Any idea when she'll be back?
I need to talk to her.
But she does work here?
Know where I can find her?
I'm looking for a lady who works here.
