This.
Okay, okay.  I can explain... You ever have to do something you really don't want to?
No?
Yeah.
Bruno's girlfriend.
This won't hurt.  Triple dose of insulin, you'll go into a coma, couple minutes you'll stop breathing and on a busy night, the coroner will probably mistake it for an O.D.  Plus, it's way classier than blowin' your brains out.
Who's Camille?
Ass like your, I can see why he's worried you'll punk.
He's got exposure.  He sees you starin' at fifteen to life, there's a chance you could roll over, cop a plea, who knows? Man's figured the odds...and he can't take a chance.
This is what your life's worth, Bruno.
I'm outta Portland.  Sonrisa didn't want local talent.
Security camera got you coming outta the stairwell, weapon in your hand, going to room one-oh-four and greasing the patient.  It's embarrassing to the professional community, is what it is.
I'm hired to do a piece of work, my mark goes down and stays down.  Your's makes it to the hospital where you then gotta go finish the job.  Only the cops got the whole thing on video tape.
You can hardly blame him, the way you've been taking care of business...or should I say, not taking care of it.
See what you don't know is you're already in the last two minutes of your life.
You haven't figured this out yet, have you?  You walk in here thinking you're gonna cap her then cap me and take the money back to your boss with your tail wagging... But see it's really the other way around.  You think I'm the whack, when actually you're the whack.
That's not why we're here.
Actually, that's not gonna be necessary.
I like to keep it professional, that's all.
Sooo...whattya think?  Maybe after I betray the woman who trusts me and you take her and her daughter out and execute them...we could go on a date.  Play a little miniature golf or somethin'.
Yeah?
Yeah, sure, I understand.
Or we could go another way 'cause your boss seems to like my face just the way it is.
Now that that's out of the way... You want the woman, here's how it works.  You pull fifty large out of your mattress or wherever, and I make a call to bring her in.
I'm on a break.
Don't look down.
Unless you wanna end up in jail, let me and Kendra handle the cops.
Out there.
No time.
It's a sweep.  C'mon.
Police drone.
I live here... Guess I don't have to ask what you're doing here.
I'm really glad we're having this conversation.  You're right.  I was angry at you.  But talking about it-- The scales have fallen from my eyes and I see now that it was all my fault.  Can you ever forgive me?
Why would I be pissed?
I got overhead...
You're light a deuce.
It's a rule.
I don't get involved with guns.
Later.
I ain't mad at you...
A grand.
Thought I'd let you have first crack... Later.
Thought so.  Turned out he wanted me for something else though.
I didn't.  It was a present from a guy.
Every week.
Just thought maybe he'd like a little coffee with his saliva.
And for all his cattin' around, not much of a stick man either.
He's a mistake I made about six months before you did.  But don't feel bad. Justine made the same mistake, along with Renee, Jada, Tia, Brooke--
Yeah, me too.
I made you coffee.  That oughta help you cope with the injustice of the world a little.
Hang on, Lauren.  We're conferencing in Sophy.
Look, we gotta keep the momentum up here, not give her a chance to think.  If she hears her kid's voice...
Like I said-- This isn't my regular line of work so I'm making it up as I go.
We're not going that route.  Sonrisa's not someone you make deals with.
Look, I'd really like to...
Your daughter's the only leverage they have to keep you quiet.
I know.
Damn... Are you alright?
SHHH!  Don't do that!
Zack... He made it... He's alive...
Civilization as we know it is unraveling before our eyes.  But Logan and Max, with a song in their hearts are gonna march into battle to keep that from happening.
And you still think you can do something to change that.
We're quoting Mom again.
And I feel real bad about all that but it doesn't mean I need to get involved.
Look, thank you for this but--
I don't know what to say.
What's this?
That's what soldiers do, right?
Well, not me personally.
You believe that?
I'm sorry.
I would've come sooner, but...I didn't... How're you doin'?
See you're back and still rocking the boat.
That's deep.  But before you lecture me about the meaning of life maybe you oughta get one...ta ta.
They've lost track of me and I plan to keep it that way.
They want me...bad.  Or at least they don't want me grabbed up by the Chinese or whoever.  Best case, I wind up back in that facility.  More likely, it's a long drive out in the country, if you know what I mean.
I didn't make it this far by attracting a lot of attention.
Yeah, I catch your hacks.  He's Satan's lap dog, or something.
That's low, but this effects me how exactly?
I already don't like the sound of this.
What's in it for you?
You said you could help.
Christmas is a snap when you got no parents or relatives, just a bunch of gene sequences from probably twenty different people.
Your basic hodge-podge.
Yeah...a made-up creature.  Like in mythology...with the head of a lion, the body of a goat and the tail of...
I know they made me.  Even got the label on my neck to prove it.
I remember fine.  I just didn't understand what was going on.  They never told us anything except what to do.  It took me a long time afterwards to figure things out.
We got separated right away.  I never knew how many made it.
Not that I don't enjoy a good urban legend now and then but what does any of this have to do with me?
I don't know what kind of game you're playing here but I'm out because you are a whack-job.
You did go through my stuff.
You lost me.
The other ones?
Expensive gifts, surprise late-night visits, over-the-top flattery... You always come on this strong?
Gold leaf, art nouveau, French, early nineteen hundreds... I could probably fence this for three or four grand.
You need to get out more.
You'd think a guy who's taken on the job of saving the world would have a few more important things to do than traipse around after some girl.
Yes on all counts.
We are not fine.
Whoa there, Tex!  We've been through all this.
How'm I s'posed to ever sleep there again knowing some pervo's probably touched everything I own?
Am I s'posed to be grateful?
How do I know you didn't?
Bent.
Completely different situation.  I steal things in order to sell them.  For money. It's called commerce.  But some stranger sneaking into a girl's bedroom is...bent.
You got a lotta nerve.
Like following me around and pestering the people I work with wasn't bad enough, but breaking into my apartment--
I won't be staying.
Is the social studies class over for today?
Personally, I'm more interested in going fast on my motorcycle or climbing the Trans American building with my pals. Instead of giving myself a headache over stuff I can't do anything about.
So what are you gonna do about it?
You miss the good ol' days.  Even though there were still poor people who died from diseases when they didn't have to. And rich people spent obscene amounts of money redecorating their houses to match the cat.  Those good ol' days?
So, what, you just like the sound of your own voice?
What's your shot in all this?  Being a famous, anonymous, underground, pirate, cyber-journalist can't be much of a payday.
Girlfriend?
How does Mrs. Eyes Only like being married to a guy on everybody's hit list?
So now you tracked me down.  What d'ya think?
Am I s'posed to be flattered by all the attention?
How'd you find me?
Lemme get my coat.
Sorry about your window.
Original Cindy, say hi to my good friend--
So this guy walks into a bar and says...
The goddess who comprehends all goddesses, eye of Ra, protector, avenger, and destroyer, giver of life, who lives forever... I could keep going.
No, because it's the Egyptian goddess Bast.
Whoever that is.
I'm sorry if I caught you at a bad time.
Guess it wasn't the pizza delivery guy.
First time I ever heard that.
Girl's gotta make a living.
And if I ever catch you coming near my man again...
Say the words, "I understand."
Now, here's how it's gonna be, Lydia. You're gonna take your threats and your acrylic nails, and you're gonna go home and figure out your marriage, instead of trying to make other people feel as miserable as you do, understand?
This is not a place you wanna go.
I think you should go now.
Big part of loving someone's being able to forgive them.
Well, it's over between you and him. We're getting married next month.
And so should you.  Sketchy told me I could expect a visit from you.  I know all about how you threatened him.  That if he didn't break it off with me, you'd save him the trouble.
Look, I don't know what you want--
How do I know you're telling the truth?
You said you knew where my fiance was the other night.
Who are you?
What do you want?
Who is it?
I'm on my way.
Just give it to me.  I'll remember.
Zero... C'mon, Dan I don't have all day.
Just do it... Five-seven-five-oh- eight...
I need a favor... I need you to trace a number for me.
You and me both.
Bastard...
You're crazy.
Like you said, maybe somebody's tracking one of your investigations.
How's this about me?
Here's your money.
As long as you're okay.
More money... Like I'm shocked to hear you say that.
You were gonna run through the law enforcement databases for a match on identifying marks.
What about the other kids?  You get anything on them?
She was a nurse.  She must've lived near there, somewhere, near the...  ...the clinic.  There must be some registry of nurses or medical technicians or whatever for Wyoming.
Nothing on Hannah?
Then what?
Thank you.
Who's this guy?  This isn't who we're looking for...her name was Hannah.
Sorry, I was seven at the time.
My name's not kid.  It's client.  As in the person who pays for your opulent lifestyle.  Now, you got something for me or not?
Yeah, does kinda break the elegant atmosphere you got goin' on here.
You did.
But, of course, there's nothing self- serving in that scenario.
Besides, think of the drama I'm sparing Natalie.
They don't have a lot of moving parts.
They're prisoners to their genes.
And because I actually kinda feel sorry for guys sometimes.
And because he's my friend.
Yeah, 'cause maybe he's learned his lesson.
It's a secret.
Gotta go.
A fog bank.
Because you're probably my closest friend in the whole world.
A long time.
If I knew what you were saying, I wouldn't be asking.
A little what?
Yeah.
No.
Tell me the truth.  Am I a female fog bank?
That's odd...
I just don't go in with any expectations.
What guys do.  'Nother order.
Straight.
At least he didn't swing with your ride.
Morning, Sunshine...
Okay...idea.  Compromise, right?  Bruno here comes with me.  He holds the money until mommy shows up, then we close escrow.  What you do with her after I'm gone doesn't keep me awake nights.
Can you put that in a bag or something?
She's gonna want to hear for herself.
She's gonna need to know that her little girl's alright.
I have sincere eyes.
I told her it's just business to you, that all you want is a reasonable solution to this.  You give her daughter back, she agrees to leave the country.  I play the guarantor, drive her down to Mexico tonight, and put her on a train to Brazil or wherever.
Look, you're a player... I'm bringing you this on a plate, and my fee is just the normal cost of doing business.
What, you gonna put me on your Christmas card list?
You're gonna pay me fifty thousand dollars...
Only way you're ever gonna find out is reincarnation... Fact is, you are gonna pay me, and I am gonna provide you with a service.
Right after you change your wardrobe, your personality and drop about thirty pounds.
Not right now.
Yeah, I can see to it your winning streak continues.
You can tell 'em yourself tomorrow.
Here's the dealio on Eyes Only.  He's probably some wack rich dude sitting around in a trick-ass apartment, bored stupid.  So he gets off on scarin' the poop outta folks like you-- I gotta go.
Don't believe everything you hear on TV.
Probably a touch of what's going around.
Playing hooky again?
It's payday, need me to pick up your check?
Shut-up...
Say the words, "I understand."
You were trying to have it both ways and you were being completely selfish.  And if I ever find out you're going out the back door on Natalie again, you're the one who's gonna be hanging by your ankles three stories up.  Understand?
None of this would've happened if you had exercised even a smidgen of good judgement or self-restraint, which you didn't.
You would be making a mistake to come away from this thinking she's the villain in the piece... You are.
Lydia may not have been one of humanity's finer specimens but--
Easy Sketchy.
You don't.
I'll give it my best shot.
And we're sure Lydia's gonna make her move?
How'd you get her out of town?
Or, I dissolve into an angry, hysterical wreck who never wants to see your lying ass again, which is probably what would really happen.
--a philandering pig.
You set up on Lydia.  When she's on her way over to the apartment you give me the heads up.  I answer the door and pretend to be Natalie.
And why should she?
What happens if you level with her?
Fight fire with fire.  Threaten to go to her husband.
A toy?
And Lydia telling Natalie the truth makes you a victim in what way?
Does this person have a name?
Then a sympathetic mouth, then a sympathetic--
And you were a sympathetic ear.
Really?
Here it comes.  The part where the guy turns everything around.
You left out condescending.
Or do you think we're just so grateful to have one of you idiots we'll look the other way, which is arrogant and condescending.
Do guys actually believe their lame, self- serving excuses?
I don't see how you cheating on Natalie involves me.
You blew off your girlfriend last night, even though it was the big one-oh.  I'd be pissed off too if I was her.
What's up?
Hey, Sketchy--
Right, the big one-oh.
Quitting time.  Grab a cold one?
Catch you back at the wall.
Theo's dead.
I'm taking the rest of the day off 'cause I'm not feeling so hot.
Tell him I took the day off 'cause I wasn't feeling so hot.
I don't know how to break this to you, Normal, we're all looking for another job.
How 'bout you don't break my sneakers on this.  The guy is seriously not well.
He's sick.
I don't sleep... Theo asked me to pick up his check.
What's the difference if I'm on call here or deployed in the field.
I was on call.
