That was extreme!  Did you see that one guy--
Okay, okay, okay--
True, but--
She was the one--
She's toxic...monster in bed, but toxic.
No, I'm serious.  That psycho got exactly what she deserved... Yes.
You rock, Max.  You... Rock...
Max, what did I do to deserve a friend like you?
She came by the apartment once already. Fortunately, I'd disconnected the doorbell as a precaution... Lydia's not gonna back off until she gets her pound of flesh.
Convinced her she needed to visit her mom in San Mateo.
I just don't want Natalie to ever find out.  She deserves better.
But you explain that you're a compassionate and understanding person who can find it in your heart to forgive me.
She tells you how I've been--
So you're straight on how this is gonna go down.
Look Max, I made a terrible mistake.  One I'll never, ever make again.  Natalie and I are soulmates.  I know that now.  She's the woman I want to spend the rest of my life with.  I guess it took the thought of losing her for me to understand that.
Even if she doesn't dump me, which is unlikely, she'd never be able to trust me again.
Who either doesn't care, or could have me killed.  Either way, Natalie's still gonna find out.
She's as much as said so.  But she doesn't want to share her toy with anyone else... It's just an ego thing with her.
I'm a toy to her.
Lydia.
She had me followed the other day and found out about Natalie.  Now, this person's demanding I blow her off or she'll do it for me by telling Nat about us.
Exactly.
Hear me out.  This person I've been seeing is a Jam Pony client who happens to be married--
I'm the victim here.
But there's another side--
Lame, self-serving, arrogant...guilty as charged.
Max--
I know what you're thinking.  But the truth is, this other person is not someone I'm in love with.  As a matter of fact, after what she just did, she's not even someone I like much.  So in a technical sense, I'm not sure you could call me and her cheating...officially.
Not half as pissed as she's gonna be when she finds out why I blew her off... I need your help, Max.
We gotta talk.
But I'll take a rain check...
I gotta meet Natalie for dinner.
Later.
