One-seven-four-nine-five Natoma.
Got a pencil?
Sure you wanna be havin' this conversation over the phone?
I'm sorry I couldn't come up with something more positive.
Your fiance has four previous wives.  His M.O. is to clean 'em out and take off.  Which is what you oughta do.
I'm you, I take that money and get outta town while you can.
Hardware's too sophisticated.  It's gotta be the government.  And why do I think they're looking for you?
They lifted my wallet to make it look like a robbery.  But there's a bug in my computer keyboard, a tap on the phone and a mike in the light fixture.
Whoever tossed this place wants you.  And I'm looking to stay outta the line of fire.
I don't know what your story is and I don't want to.
I'll live... Regarding your case...I'm afraid I've come up with some bad news on your fiance.  Lemme get the file.
Nothing so far from arrests, hospital admissions or coroners.  This kind of search...it's heavy spadework.  I'm gonna need--
They don't exactly have a search engine for finding a bunch of kids with bar- codes on their necks, which is something I'm not even going to ask about--
Only a last name would be nice.  Or the nearest town to this...clinic.
A nuclear airburst wipes out every record of every kind in every computer east of the Rockies, and you want me to find some woman you met when you were seven, whose last name you don't even know... Maybe if you could give me something more on her...anything you can remember, some detail...
Then what?  That's it.  That's all I got.
Guy says he made the trade in Gillette, Wyoming sometime in the fall of oh-nine.
He says he got it from a woman.  Doesn't remember her name but she fits the description you gave like a glove.
He got the car in a trade for his old pick-up and some food...no bill of sale or nothing.  It was right after the pulse so all the DMV records were wiped.  So we don't get anything on the seller.  Except I actually managed to find this guy, six hours on the phone... Say thank you.
I got a hit on the car.  An oh-five Tahoe, blue, with Wyoming tags... AGT349... It wasn't easy 'cause you were off in one of the numbers.
Right here someplace.
You got a punk-ass mouth on you, kid.
You drive away business roarin' in like that.
I asked you to keep that thing outside.
