I'm glad we talked.
Okay -- for you.
Simone, I recognize the shirt you're wearing.  I gave it to Viktor on his birthday.
We have a daughter together.  I just don't want to see Viktor get hurt.
Exactly.  You're a household name now.  You're moving in entirely different worlds.  That's why I hope you're not toying with Viktor.
My God, are you alright, Simone?
You don't have to protect my feelings, Simone.  I don't blame Viktor for falling in love with the most desirable woman in the world.
I think he owes more to you.  But that's not important now.  I know what's going on between you two.
No, I understand.  That's what I want to talk about.  I don't know if you know this, Simone, but Viktor and I were married once.
Don't look so glum, Viktor.  It's not a death sentence.
I was thinking -- what about you and... "Simone" moving back in with me and Lainey?
Exactly.  Now that you have the studio behind you, we can really do things.
Don't thank us too fast, Viktor. You know what we have to do?
How can you bring that up at a time like this?
You're drunker than I thought.  Are you doing that again?
How much wine have you had?
-- You just got lucky that she's loyal enough to stay with you. Maybe she's staying out of pity, who knows?  She certainly doesn't need you.  Some people even say you're holding her back.
Every actor is an invention, Viktor.  Don't embarrass yourself. No one's denying that you discovered Simone.  But it's like finding a diamond in the desert. Anyone can trip over it, but it's not the finder who sparkles.
You?
Of course she will.  Her public will demand it.
But you don't understand.  She'll always be there -- at some party, on some magazine cover, some song on the radio, up on some screen.
Oh, Viktor.  You say that now -- because we're here, alone, like this.  But in the morning, you'd go back to her.  What man wouldn't?
That's sweet, Viktor, but I couldn't let you do that -- make that kind of sacrifice.  It's strange.  I've stabbed people in the back, clawed and slept my way to where I am -- it goes with the territory -- but, for some reason, I can't betray Simone. There's... I don't know any other way to say it -- there's a goodness to her.
This is crazy.  Who am I fooling? I can't compete with Simone.  What woman can?
I want you back too, Viktor.
-- And she was positively glowing at the awards.  I should be going, she'll be here soon --
I just read somewhere --
I'm sure you'll keep her focussed. She's lucky to have you, Viktor.  Is she really having your baby?
Is Simone back to earth yet?
I suppose I could stay, just until she arrives.
When is she coming over?
Is it Wednesday?  It's Wednesday. How embarrassing.  I don't know what I was thinking.  With all the excitement lately...  Am I interrupting something?  Are you expecting company?
I can imagine.
... Simone.
Lainey and I just wanted to congratulate...
It's a crowded summer.  We need every photo-opp, sound-byte and column inch we can get.  Good night, Viktor.
Yes, you do...  Anyway, tonight was a good start.
Whenever I compliment Simone, you take the credit.
Viktor, do you realize you always do that?
Well, yes.  From a studio point of view, it would be better if Simone stayed single.  Anyhow, I thought she came across great tonight.  Intelligent, well informed, a natural.  And touching. She was spectacular.
Are you and Simone...  ... getting married?
-- Viktor, are you with her?  Is she there?
I'd love to.  But aren't you supposed to meet up with Simone?
Really?
She was there.  She didn't by any chance happen to mention me?
Oh, make it live -- please, Viktor.
You're so good to protect her like this.
Viktor, you should have said something.
-- I don't think that's necessary. I think it's perfectly clear.  I should have guessed -- it all makes sense now... it's why she never goes anywhere, never seen in public...
So, the secret's finally out, Viktor.
-- It's starting to look like she doesn't support the film or you, Viktor.  If you can't handle her, I will.
-- We have to talk to her, Viktor!
That's true.
Everyone I know has met her, Viktor.
I'd love to tell her myself.  When are you going to let me meet her?
Yes.  To be honest I never quite saw this film before -- maybe it's the way Simone is playing it -- but what it's saying about the illusion of permanence in everyday life, how that's the only way we can love -- I think it's really going to mean something.
I should fire you more often.  The film's looking wonderful.
Maybe you're right.  Twelve years after your daughter's born you decide to become a father.
That's genius, Viktor.  Was that Simone's idea?
Stunning, Viktor.  The Hollywood Foreign Press is going to eat this up.
Viktor, I have a feeling.  One of my feelings.  There's something about her I don't trust.
Experience, Viktor.  I've seen this a hundred times -- young stars destroying the very people who discovered them.  I'm worried about you, that's all.  This woman -- she controls your destiny.
Listen, Viktor... I want to talk to you now, not as Elaine, studio head, but Elaine, ex-wife.  Second ex-wife.  You got lucky this last time but you need to be careful.  We both know you wouldn't be making this overblown art film of you hadn't convinced Simone to be in it.
I'll walk you out.
Which accounts for your percentage.  When do I get to meet this dream?
Well, shoot it on the last day.
Even the fall from the plane?
There isn't one.
Well, we have to do something about this -- "stuntwoman".
Al least a contingency for wardrobe.  Any woman can go up a dress size.
She was in the theater?  When? Where?
Hair and make-up?
Well, something has to be done about this budget.  It's completely unrealistic.  You allowed nothing for limousine service.
Really?  Oh, so she's really going to do all this nudity?
Whatever.  I still haven't received Simone's script notes.
Viktor, we simply have to talk about "Eternity..."
No problem.  Do you want to come in?
Viktor, it's my studio.
Don't be ridiculous.  I arranged a press conference.
Why not?
I can't wait to meet her.
I don't have it on me.  Anyway, it means a lot.  Have you read the reviews?  They're love letters.  Listen to this one.  "Simone has the voice of a young Jane Fonda, the body of Sophia Loren, the grace of, well, Grace Kelley, and the face of Audrey Hepburn combined with an angel".
Viktor... I want to thank you for convincing Simone to sign with the studio.
Why isn't she with you?
Where is she?
Even if you find her, you know the problem with unknowns, Viktor.  If they're good, they get known.  And then you're back to sorting their candy... and worse.  I'm sorry, Viktor.
They're yours.  But how are you going to finish it?  Without a star there's no movie.
The picture's dead.
I'm not taking away your daughter, just your deal.  You and I both know, after the divorce I kept you on for old time's sake, so you could still hold your head up in front of Lainey.  I called what's his name at Warner's.  He said he'd take a meeting -- in July.  I've fought for you Viktor...  You want to talk severance?
How can I?  Your last three pictures tanked.  The board is giving me hell.  No bankable star will work with you after this.  If you just compromised... a little.
-- Christ, Viktor, look around. What do you think pays for all this?  This is about investment and return.  Those days in New York... that's... it's over.
Listen, Viktor, I have good memories of those days too -- but this isn't about that or you or me or some high-minded ideal.  This is business.
-- It's called a projector.
You realize you're nostalgic for an era you weren't even born in?
It's the truth.  Those 17 superstars are our insurance policy.  We can't open -- can't make a profit without them.
The public decides who's on that list.
-- What's wrong with that?
-- I have a feeling you're going to tell me.
-- Viktor, that was Short Subject.
Hmm... Mike and Ike's.
God, Viktor.  Why do you always have to make things so difficult for yourself?
Excuse us.
Of course she is.  No other name is going to sign on now and risk offending her.
Where are you?
Yes -- oh my, God.  Is that you, Simone?!  I've been wanting to talk to you.
Hello?
Lainey, there's no evidence that Simone isn't real.
Well, I --
Of course.  What are you suggesting?
I know it as surely as you're sitting here, sweetheart.  She was the most vital woman I ever met.
God, it's so like your father.  Why can't people take responsibility for their actions anymore?  I can almost forgive him for killing Simone -- but denying her existence.  I can never forgive that.
Let's go, Lainey.  There's nothing here.
Thank Simone for the tickets.
Sometimes.  But, just when I think your father's changing for the better, I realize he's as self absorbed as ever.  He took the credit for Simone tonight.
I have to talk to her.
Obviously, this can't last.  She's going to dump him.  Viktor won't be able to take that.  He's too sensitive.  It'll destroy him.
I can't believe she's doing this -- taking advantage of him this way. It's cruel.
He also happens to be the most talented man I've ever known.
