Listen to what you're saying, mom. Is there any evidence she is?
-- We don't believe daddy because we don't want to believe we were taken in too.
I know it's embarrassing to admit it, mom, but when I think about it -- honestly, I haven't.  I mean, it feels like I have.  I know more about her than members of my own family.  She's even in my dreams. But I realized, going back through my diary, they were all TV appearances, near misses at parties, second-hand rumor, gossip on the internet.  I've never actually seen Simone up close, touched her, been in her physical presence.  Have you?
I mean really meet her -- in the flesh.
So you did meet her?
Because obviously she existed, right?
Just a minute.
It was a great show, Dad...
Mom, do you miss Dad?
Your mistake wasn't making something fake, daddy.  We're fine with fake -- as long as you don't lie about it.
About you and mom?
There you go again, blaming yourself.  Can't you see what she's done to you -- she's taking advantage, mocking you.  You deserve better than Simone.  I've got to go, Dad.
The old Viktor Taransky.  I liked you better before -- before all this.  You were a loser, Dad, but at least you had integrity.  I can't stand to see you like this -- clinging to Simone's coattails -- it used to be about the work, and now it's all about her.  And then she's not even grateful enough to thank you.
-- I can't accept it.  I don't want a car, Dad.
I know.  Thank her for me.
It's fantastic -- it's too much.
Why didn't she thank you?
I love you too, daddy.
I love her but that doesn't mean I need to meet her.
Too impersonal.  They have to meet face-to-face.
I know but Mom doesn't.  Maybe if it came from Simone, if Simone spoke to Mom -- she could straighten things out.  Dinner, maybe.
She thinks you're with Simone.
Dad, you know I don't like to get between you and mom but she's feeling down right now.  She broke up with Kent.
I noticed.
I do okay.  How about you?
Good-night, Daddy.
So that accounts for the lack of a shadow in reel six?
No, not that.  I was just wondering -- in the bedroom scene in reel two why did Simone have no reflection when she walked in front of that mirror?
One thing bothered me.
I'm sure you'd tell me if you thought it was important.
-- I know, I don't know anything.
Okay, Dad.
You were the one who insisted on it.  Reading me Dostoyevsky and Joyce when I was four.
I read.
I do.
Dad, I can spot a middle-aged freak a mile away.
I know plenty of boys.
Why?
Only her brilliance.  To be honest, with what you had to work with, I was expecting a train wreck.  You really pulled it off.
She's a miracle, Dad.  Where did you find her?
Is she here tonight?
Well, I can't wait to meet Simone... what's her last name?
I missed you.  I wondered if you were ever coming back.
-- You finished the film on your own terms, that's what matters. Did you really do all the post yourself?
This week anyhow.
She's at the premiere of "A Cold Day In Hell".  But I think she send someone from Acquisitions.
Hi, Dad.
I know you'll do it, Dad.  You're Viktor Taransky.
Don't feel too bad.  Mom runs the place and they still walk all over her.  You're better off out of it.
I'm sorry Mom canned you.
Hi, Dad.
