Winter with the Delaware, my father's cousins. And in the spring, cross the Ohio and look for land to settle with my father in a new place called Can-tuck-ee.
Will you go back to England?
And my compliments to you...
Listen. Submit. You hear me?  You're strong. You stay alive. I will find you...  no matter how far, how long it takes...
In this there is a chance. If I live, I can try to free you. If we don't go, there is no powder, there's too many of them.  Though my heart would keep me here, in that there is no chance. None. I can do nothing. Do you understand?
Maybe...
I don't know. Whatever happens you stay with your father. You stay among the officers.
Do not.  Promise me.
Webb's reinforcements will arrive or not.  If they do not arrive, the fort will fall. If that happens, stay close to your father.  The French will protect the officer class among the English.
Because what I am interested in is right here...
Why, I am looking at you, Miss.
Miss.  May I?
Top of this ridge. Fort and Lake George are downhill of it.
Sorry to disappoint you...
'Cos frontier land's the only land affordable to poor people. So after seven years indentured service in Virginia, they headed out here where they are beholden to none and not livin' by another's leave...  Their name was Cameron. John & Alexandria.
The Bible. Monarchy. Many wrong ideas about the government of men. My father's people already know each man is his own nation. And only he can have dominion over himself. Not kings. No man is better than any other man.
My father sent Uncas & I to Reverend Wheelock's school when I was ten. So we would know both worlds... though we were told only bother learning readin' & arithmetic from yours.
I do not remember them. I was one or two.
They buried my ma & pa and my sisters. And Chingachgook - who found me with two French trappers - raised me up as his own.
In your particular case, miss, I would make some allowance...
The Ottawa are gone.
Yes. And "do not try to understand them.  That is because they are a breed apart and they make no sense..."
Yes. He said... "do not try to make them understand you."
Chingachgook. He warned me about people like you.
Well that is to be expected. My father...
Anyone lookin' to pick up our trail, would see it as a sign of our passing...
Let us go, miss.
: Only one or two loads.
You will have to forego the pleasure of hangin' me.
Then we take the south rim down the mountain and it's 12 miles cross country to Fort Edward.
This is it, as far as we can go... If we're lucky, they'll be figurin' we can't have come this way and must've beached our canoes and headed cross land. If we're very lucky, they'll figure we went over the falls.
We don't.
Head for... for the white water.
Only chance we got is...  ... to get more distance on 'em and go to ground!
Major!  Some day I think you and I are gonna have a serious disagreement.
That is the truth!
And if English law cannot be trusted, maybe these people would do better makin' a peace with the French!
Ottawa!
Do not let gratitude get in the way...
England does not protect me and does not war against France on our account. She uses us to war against France on her own account...  of greed for land and furs.
I ain't your "scout". And I am in no damn militia.
No. Headin' west. To Can-tuck-ee.
No.
Came across the war party, tracked 'em.
No blood vengeance? No re-proach or insult?
Dark haired...
He is Huron and nothing else.  Why would he want to murder the girl?
Day and a half  Where did you get... the guide?
...Fort William Henry.
Your wounded should try walkin' back to Albany.  They'll never make a passage north.
...No...Do not call myself much of a subject at all.
You do what you want with your own scalp.  Do not be tellin' us what to do with ours.
... and while they are cooped up in your fort, what if the French send war parties to raid their homes?
First place, you started it with the French over fur-trapping claims to the head waters of the Ohio.  Now you're sayin' these people have a fight on their hands...
I said... France is your enemy. Not ours.
Your enemy...
It does and it is a better lookin' reason than you, Jack Winthrop.  Push hard, 'cos you got to clear the French outpost by dawn.  Good luck, Jack.
Got a reason to stay.
I'll cover them from the top of the casement.
Out the northern sally-port. Strike for the east side of the swamp until you clear the French picket line. Head north over the ridge, then come about southeast and fork left in Little Meadow and you're free of the outpost and skirmishers...
Folks here goin' to join in that fight?
So what is it, Jack? What brings you up here?
That we did. John. But the horicane  is near trapped out.
Would the Huron make his Algonquin brothers foolish with brandy and steal his lands to sell them for gold to the white man?  Would the Huron have greed for more land than a man can use? Like Francais Black Robes do?  Would Huron kill tribes with disease? Would the Huron fool Seneca into taking all the animals in the forest for beads & brandy? But sell the fur to the white man for gold?...  Those are the ways of Yengeese and Les Francais masters. Are they the ways of Huron men who hunt & work the land? Or of dogs?  ...Magua's heart is twisted. He would make himself into what twisted him. A Dog, become Master of Dogs. But are Hurons dogs?  ...Magua's way is false. It is like the white sickness. Magua's way will bring only sadness and shame. Is there another way? I don't know.  I am Nathaniel of the Yengeese; Hawkeye, adopted son of Chingachgook, of the Mohican people... Let the children of the dead Munro go free... I speak the truth.
Magua would use the ways of Les Francais and the Yengeese...
So the Huron are the servants of the French?  To do what the French are shamed to do?
Wise one, the French fathers made peace and swore to their honor not to break the friendship. Magua broke it. It is false that the French would not be friends, still, to the Huron.
Let the children of the dead Colonel Munro go free and take the fire out of the English anger over the murder of their helpless ones.
Easy for you to suppose. While it is their women and children, not yours, alone in their farms!
That judgment is not more important than their right under agreement with Webb to defend their farms & families... Major Heyward was at John Cameron's. He saw what it was.
Many men here, their homes are in the path.
It was a war party. It means they're on the attack up and down the frontier.
A man, here, can make a run straight through to Webb.
Help ourselves to a few horns from your powder stores.
