The red man put down the bow, picked up the fire stick and became the best warrior in the forest. Yes. It is the only way.
No.  Huron serve no one. The French father believes he fooled Magua because he is so proud of his cleverness, he is blind. But it is the Huron path that Magua walks down, not the French one... Now, Les Francais, also, fear Huron. That is good. When the Huron is strong from their fear, we will make the terms of trade with Les Francais. And we will trade as the white man trades. Take land from the Abnakes; fur from the Osage, Sauk & Fox. And make the Huron great. Over other tribes. No less than the whites, as strong as the whites.
Our father, Montcalm, is greater than the Yengeese in the arts of war. The Huron do not fear English anger.
Heart. Give Magua new heart.
How much gold has the master of the Yengeese?
For Munro children?
Yengeese Major give all property to Magua.  Magua give Yengeese Major much wampum, many gifts, maybe three, four oxen.
Does Yengeese Major have property across salt sea?
Wampum?
Gifts?
Magua say: "Yes. Good idea."
"Magua understand paleface is a dog to his women.  When his women want to eat, he lay aside his tomahawk to feed their laziness."
I understand. This is not good place to stop.  Two leagues from here. No water 'til then.  That where we stop. Better place.
Many things my French father cannot do, Magua can.
Does the chief of the Canadas believe the English will keep the terms?
Magua slept hard in the English wigwams.  And the sticks left their mark...  Magua's village and lodges were burnt. Magua's children were killed by the English.  Magua was taken as a slave by the Mohawks who fought for the Grey Hair. Magua's wife believed he was dead and became the wife of another. The Grey Hair was the father of all this.  In time Magua became blood-brother to Mohawk to become free. In his heart he always was Huron.  And his heart will be whole again on the day when the Grey Hair and all his seed are dead!
And this?
Where is that sun?! It has gone behind the hill.  It is dark and cold. It has set on his people, they are fooled and kill all the animals and sell all of their lands to enrich the European masters who are always greedy for more than they need.  And Le Subtil is the son of his tribe. There have been many clouds and many mountains. But now he has come to lead his nation.
Magua took the hatchet to color it with blood.  It is still bright. Only when it is red, then it will be buried.
Not a warrior has a scalp and the white men become friends.
Is the hatchet buried between the English and my French father?
When the Grey Hair is dead, Magua will eat his heart. Before he dies Magua will put his children under the knife so the Grey Hair will see his seed is wiped out forever.
