Munro would. But General Webb will not send their soldiers across the salt lake.  Having let them go, I fear I will only fight the same men again when I move south.  And yet, I cannot break the terms of the capitulation and sully the lilies of France...
My son Magua's pain is my pain.
My son has been sadly injured. Who did this?
That's where a lead bullet has torn you.
That Le Renard has the power to lead his people into the light, I know well.
But so many suns have set since Le Renard struck the war post. Is he not tired?
My master owns these lands and your father has been ordered to drive off the English squatters. They have consented to go. So now he calls them enemies no longer.
Yes.
Why do hate the Grey Hair, Magua?
Granted, Monsieur.
Carry them to England to your King with pride.
Granted.
They may leave the fortress fully armed, but with no ammunition... Other than that, ask what you wish.
My master requires the fort be destroyed.  But, for you and your comrades, there is no privilege that will be denied. None of your men will see the inside of a prison barge. They're free to go so long as they return to England and fight no more on this continent, and the civilian militia return to their farms.
Honor that is freely accorded to courage, may be refused obstinacy... These hills afford to us every opportunity to reconnoiter your works and I am possibly as well acquainted with your weak condition as you are yourselves.  Is Webb really en route and Montcalm hopes to take the fort by duplicity before British reinforcements arrive?
You have already done everything which is necessary for the honor of your Prince. I will forever bear testimony that your resistance has been gallant and was continued as long as there was hope. But now, I beg you to listen to the admonitions of humanity. I beg you to consider my terms for your surrender.
Please accept my compliments for the strong and skillful defense of your fortress. Under the command of a lesser man it would have fallen long ago given the superior numbers and material... mere chance has allowed me to array against you...
Colonel Munro, I have known you as a gallant antagonist. I am happy to make your acquaintance as a friend.
Il est necessaire d'etre vigilant, mon enfant.
La victoire.
France.
