You do not know what you are saying!
But the man is guilty of sedition and subject to military justice and beyond pardon.
The man encouraged the colonials to desert in this very room, in my presence. He is guilty of sedition and must be tried and hanged like any other criminal, regardless of what he did for my children.
I sent three men to Webb!
What?
My letter...
Told you to stay away from this hell hole!  Why did you disobey me?
You forget yourself!
I'll have none of that!  Montcalm is a soldier and a gentleman. Not a butcher.
What did you see, Major?
That's all, sir.
Yes, Mr. Poe? So?
...not enough time to get to Albany and back with reinforcements...
What else?
The decision is final.
Death and honor are sometimes thought to be the same. Today I have learned that they are not.
I have lived to see two things I never expected.  An Englishman afraid to support a friend. And a Frenchman too honest to profit by that advantage.
You have heard your answer, Monsieur le Marquis.
Not with enough certainty to outweigh British interests in this fort.
Terrible feature of war in the Americas.  Best to keep your sight fixed on our duty.
Only twelve miles away! He could be here day after tomorrow.  Find your man, sir! Captain Beams will give you the message.
Webb's at Edward?
Logistics are his guns are bigger than mine and he has more of them. They keep our heads down while his sappers make thirty yards of trench a day. His thirteen inch mortars have a two hundred yard range, so when they're close enough, they'll move them in, lob explosive rounds over our walls and pound us to dust. They look to be three hundred yards out.  Bloody murderers.  You have three days.
What a place for them...
Thank you. How can I reward you?
What happened to you?
Does Webb not even know we are besieged?
This interview's over! The militia stays!
British promises are honored. And the militia will not be released. Because I need more definite proof than this man's word!
I judge military matters, Captain Winthrop, not you.
I must receive proof more conclusive than Mr. Poe's opinion before I weaken our defenses by allowing militia to withdraw.
I am deeply touched by such unusual and unexpected generosity... The fort is yours under the condition that we be given until dawn to bury our dead, prepare our men and women for their march and turn our wounded over to your surgeon.
Allow me to consult with my officers.
My colors?
The honors of war?
Their arms?
Such as...?
Perhaps the General's glasses can reach to the Hudson and he knows the size and imminence of the army of Webb...?
However I may apprise such testimony from Monsieur Montcalm, Fort William Henry is strong and stands.
Monsieur le Marquis, I am a soldier, not a diplomat. You called this parlay for a reason.
And I to make yours, Monsieur le Marquis.
