I've got a deposition that I really need to get cracking on, so if you don't mind...
I think I've heard this speech before.
I heard your friend was back in the hospital.
I heard about your friend.
How's work going?    Are you back at school?
Oh, none. None. I completely understand what was going on.
I'm glad you agreed to see me.
No way. You keep the ring.     You'll come to your senses.
You're going to throw away our life together for some shared experience with a looney-tune that you misguidedly think is love?
Of all the crazy things. I understood when you dropped out of law school. And during this whole mess, I've tried to be supportive. But, really, Letty, what can you be thinking?
It's a doctor, isn't it? That's unethical. I'll have him rung up on malpractice charges so fast his head will spin.
Have you been seeing another teacher?
Who?
Whoa. Whoa. Have really loved me? Letty, it's natural to be nervous. But we're going to work through our problems.
You what?
That's a load off my mind.
You can tell me anything.  Do you want to postpone the wedding? Is it too much pressure?
What's so urgent?   You've got me worried.
So will you?
Sure. We'll save the formal announcement for when you're out. I already told your mother. I hope you don't mind.
So, what do you say, Let?
I hope you like it. It's a Marquis cut, 1.5 carats. They had one with emeralds around it, but this was simpler, more classic in its lines.  Letty?
I had to smuggle it in here. I guess you're not really supposed to have jewelry.
I just wish we'd done it sooner.
Exactly. It's time to make decisions.
I talked to Ruth a little bit, and I think it's about time...
So, I've been thinking a lot...
Especially this last year.
This has been really difficult, this whole thing.
I think we need to talk about some things.
I hope it wasn't something I did.
Are you all right?
It's prettier here than I thought it would be.
I think you're overreacting.
Sure. Why?
What are you doing?
Yes.
You just need to get more organized. L
Of course it will. Remember the big talent show you planned last year? And what about the Christmas benefit when Santa canceled at the last minute? But you still pulled it off.
Come on, Letty.   It'll get done.
You can get out of the dinner.
Maybe you ought to see a doctor.
Forget I asked.
But what about that math project?
Won't it be hard for them to get a substitute this late?
You don't have a fever.
What are you doing?    You're going to be late.
But I thought if you don't mind, you could listen and see how I come across?
Actually, I need to review the deposition questions tonight. Maybe tomorrow?
I was thinking dinner on Friday with James and Meg at the Saint Mark.
Huntley told me today that if I come through on the Benton deposition, they may consider me for senior associate.
Good going. I knew you could do it.
The receptionist said you called earlier about something.
I really think if you're going to spend your life with someone you want to know them pretty damn well.
Can I put these here for tonight?
She's only known the guy a few months.
So, another one bites the dust.
