You can't do this to me. It could ruin me.
You didn't show it to anybody?
You what?
Sebastian was a pathological liar. I wouldn't believe a word he -
Who the hell do you think you are coming into my house and saying those things to me. My brother is dead, have some respect.
Excuse me?
Look, I know this sounds corny, but whenever I feel like I can't go on I...  turn to Jesus and he helps me through the problem. Call me an anachronism, but -
Well, I'll leave you alone now. I just came in here to get something of mine.
Are you okay?
I'm sure you're going to love it there.
Now I remember. Annette Harrison. Your father's the new headmaster at Oakwood.
Did you know Sebastian well?
Have we met?
I'm Kathryn.
That's one way of looking at it.
Cecile, everybody does it. It's just that nobody talks about it.
So? Don't you want to make Ronald a happy pappy? Practice makes perfect, Cecile. My advice is to sleep with as many people as possible.
Now listen. Now that you're on your way, it would be stupid of you to stop. Think of Sebastian as a tutor. Let him instruct you.
I'm so proud of you. You're becoming a woman.
Cecile, you had an orgasm.
Well did you like it?
Cecile, I think you're going to have a hard time crying rape if that's all he did.
Well what then?
He made you give him a blow job.
So, let me get this straight. You came over to our house late last night and he forced intercourse on you.
Why didn't you do something?
Does your mother know?
Cecile, you have to tell me.
What do you mean?!
Calm down. Tell me what's wrong.
It's Kathryn.
Of course I would. We're friends, right?
Cecile if there's one thing I'm great at it's love letters. With my help, he'll be eating out of the palm of your hand. Perhaps we can arrange a little get together for the two of you at my house.
I want you to make me copies of his letters and bring them to me.
Did you hide the letters?
Listen to me. Your mother must never know. Never.
Cecile, we just made out in the middle of Central Park. You can trust me.
Well do you like him?
That's so romantic. Have you responded?
Oh come on Cecile. He's crazy about you.
Maybe you should try it on your friend Ronald sometime.
Eyes closed.
Let's try it again, only this time I'm going to stick my tongue in your mouth. When I do that I want you to massage my tongue with yours. That's what first base is.
See that wasn't so bad.
Do you want to learn or not?
It's not gross. How else do you think girls learn? Here turn around and face me.
Haven't you ever practiced with one of your girlfriends?
What are you scared of?
That's great.
Really? Bulimic headcase.
So, rumor has it that you went on a date with Court Reynolds. I hear he's very nice.
I'll call you later and we'll get together and plan your curriculum.
I was thanking her. Vietnamese is such a beautiful language.
Will you stay here for the night? You can leave in the morning. That's when my parents get back and --
I'd be careful if I were you. God knows what he's up to.
It's been going on for a while.  Then he called me a disgrace to our family and that's when he hit me.
And when I confronted him about his affair with Cecile he told me it was none of my business. Then when I said "Well what about Ronald," he said you were nothing more than a stupid... the n word and that you deserved what you got...
I think he's high on drugs. He hit me, then took off. I'm afraid to be alone. Please come over.
It's Sebastian. He's out of his mind.
No.
It's Kathryn.
Ronald?
What do you do? Tell her you love her.
Likewise I'm sure.
I think you have your answer.
And if I don't?
Get out!
Didn't you hear what I said?
I accept. Now get out.
Fine! Get off me!
Get off me!
I'm sorry, but unfortunately I don't fuck losers.
You were very much in love with her and you're still in love with her. But it amused me to make you ashamed of it. You gave up on the first person you ever loved because I called you names. Don't get me wrong, I'm flattered that you chose me over her, but please understand, I never loved you, Sebastian. You're just a toy. A little toy I play with. And now you've completely blown it with her. I think that's the saddest thing I've ever heard.  Cheers.
Silly rabbit. My triumph isn't over her. It's over you.
To my triumph, of course.
Well done.
Not that it's any of your business but yes.
I'd love to, but unfortunately I'm expecting some company.
Well done.
Annette?
Mind if I ask what you're doing in my room?
A little melodramatic, don't you think.
I knew this guy last summer in the Hamptons. He and his girlfriend at the time were madly in love with each other. But she had this huge weight problem. His friends taunted him mercilessly about it. You know, "How do you breathe when she sits on your face?" "It's embarrassing for you to be seen with her." Finally he couldn't take it anymore and decided to dump her. She flipped and he went on the defensive. I distinctly remember him saying the same thing over and over again. "I'm completely fucked up." "I'm completely fucked up." "I'm completely fucked up."  Poor fatty never had a chance.
How have you dumped girls in the past?
Why so nervous?
Then do me a favor and get rid of her. If not for me, then do it for you. Look at yourself. You're a joke. She's turned you into jelly. What do you want to be, one of those losers who walk down the halls holding hands and smiling. People used to respect you. They feared you and now you're going to throw that all away.
Is that what you think?
Not anymore you don't. It's obvious.
At first it was, but now it's become something bigger.
I'm sorry. It's just upsetting. You're in love with her. You don't love me anymore.
P-whipped, p-whipped.
Oh my God. You're completely p-whipped.
I want to fuck.
And that's why you're leaving?
Excuse me?
Wow. So you made love. Ooo, I hear the birds chirping.
No, tell me.
Oh come on. For her first time?
Tell me all the details.
You didn't?
Kind of.
She wouldn't say. She apologized to your aunt and told her she was going to stay with some friends.  You blew it, Sebastian. That girl has come to her senses and she will never go near you again.
You don't know?  She left thirty minutes ago.
If you're heading towards her room, you won't find her.
You're telling me you had the chance to fuck her and you didn't. God are you a chump.
So what went wrong?
She shot you down.
Well I know how it went with Cecile. She won't shut up about it. How'd it go with Mrs. Jesus?
So? How'd it go last night?
Morning!
Do you mind if I take my new Porsche for a ride?
And that's why you're losing your bet?
She's really getting to you, isn't she?
What's your problem?
Jesus, she reeks of Laura Ashley.  Oh, she's crying. Wittle baby's upset by the big bad book.
That her?
Who are you spying on?
I just had a nice chat with Cecile. I don't think she'll be giving you anymore problems.
Eat me, Sebastian. It's alright for you to fuck everyone, but because I'm a girl it's wrong. Well let me tell you something, I didn't ask to be a girl. Do you think I relish the fact that I have to act like Mary Sunshine twenty four seven, so I can be considered a "laaaady." Do you think I take great delight when I hear - "Kathryn is so wonderful." "Kathryn is a model child." "Kathryn is going to make an excellent wife one day."  I'm the Marsha fucking Brady of the upper East Side and sometimes I want to kill myself for it. No, I don't enjoy being a part of the weaker sex and for that reason everyone around me is going to suffer. So there's your psychoanalysis Doctor Freud. Now are you in or are you out?
What is that? Oh my God, it's your conscience.
I'm aware.
Cecile.
Well, let me know when you do. Until then.
Have you succeeded in your task?
I hate when things don't go my way. It makes me so horny.
Thank you. Mmmm, that feels good.
I rat Cecile out to mommy. Mommy goes ballistic and ends their relationship. Boo hoo.
Not to mention Court Reynolds. Unfortunately, Ronald's moving with the speed of a Special Olympic Bobsledder.
The plot thickens. It appears that Cecile has fallen for her music teacher.
No.
Interesting.
What's wrong with you?
Shhh.
Call me later.
Loser.
Fuck her yet?
It would feel so yummy.
You can put it anywhere.
Because I'm the only person you can't control and it kills you.
In English.  I'll fuck your brains out.
I'll give you something you've been jerking off about ever since our parents got married.
If you lose, then that hot little Porsche of yours is mine.
Oh gee, your journal. Could you be more queer?
I'll think about it...
You don't stand a chance. Even this is out of your league.
B.F.D. What do you plan to do? Fly to Kansas and woo little Dorothy.
Jesus Christ, is she for real?
I'm not interested in the latest dating tips from Jonathan Taylor Thomas.
Oh but diddling the therapist's daughter is a challenge?
Why not?
She's quite cute you know. Young supple breasts, a tight firm ass and an uncharted pootie.
I need you to seduce our young Cecile. Introduce her to your world of decadence and debauchery.
Because if there's an attack made on Court it could be traced back to me. I can't allow that to happen. Everybody loves me and I intend to keep it that way.
Keep your friends close and your enemies closer. When I get through with her, she'll be the premier Blow Job Queen of the Tri-State area and poor little Court's heart will be shattered.
I don't find this very funny,
In any event, my feelings were hurt when I learned that he had fallen for someone else. Someone chaste... pure... innocent.
Oh, poor baby. Well you can relax. I have a mission for you.
Hopefully, though she suspects that your decrepit alcoholic father is diddling the maid.
I'm just taking the poor girl under my wing.
Cecile's attending Oakwood in the fall.
Oh please. I can't have you do that.
You will be discreet about this?
I know. She's so young and he's so -
It's worse. I think there's something going on between Cecile and her music teacher.
Well... you promise you won't say anything to her. We've developed a friendship and...
It's Cecile.
I hope I didn't keep you from something.
Don't worry, it's totally understandable. Most of the boys that matriculate at Oakwood are very upstanding gentleman, however there are the occasional bad apples.
I know this sounds corny, but whenever I feel temptations of peer pressure, I...  turn to God and he helps me through the problem. Call me an anachronism, but it works.
You're too kind.
I'll do my best.
