Now, instead of the cops only lookin' at Nicky, they started looking at Green too. And he was supposed to be our squeaky...
It turned out Phil Green, Mr Integrity, had a partner nobody knew about... and when she showed up and started demanding some money from the Tangiers...
...was gonna stop what came up next at the casino.
It's like everything else in this place. You don't do it yourself, it never gets done.
Look at that. Look at this. There's nothin'... look how many blueberries your muffin has and how many mine has. Yours is falling apart. I have nothing.
Look at yours.
Phil, I can understand. You're in the finances, you're upstairs, but you are not on the floor. I got thousands of players. I got five hundred dealers.  They're all lookin' to rob me blind, twenty-four hours a day. I have to let them know I'm watching all the details, all the time; that there is not one single thing I will not catch as I am over here.
So what? Everybody out here with cowboy boots is a fuckin' county commissioner or related to a county commissioner. I'm fuckin' sick of it.
I mean, the guy is history as far as I'm concerned. History.
...he did what he was told.
You know damn well I was at that dinner, and you swore to me that I would have a fair hearing at that dinner! Did you not?! Did you not?!  Well, tell me I was at least at the dinner! A-allow me that much.  Give me that much at least!
I was in the building!
Was I at that dinner?
Was I at that dinner?
Was I at that dinner?
Was I at that dinner? Just tell me -
He's lying.
Liar.
I never comped you?! I don't comp you at least two or three times a month at the Tangiers?!
You were never my guest?!
Good to see ya.  William would you...
Hello, Senator.
I can't do that.
All right, look, if he took a break, it would just give everybody some time to maneuver. That's all I'm saying. It's all that I'm saying.
I don't know, he doesn't listen to me. Maybe he should...  get lost for a while. Take a vacation. Would that be so bad?
Know what my problem is? Every time they mention my name in the papers, these cocksuckers, they mention Nicky, too. How the fuck does that help?  I mean, the heat he brought down is murder!  We had a police department who was cooperative. He's pissed them off so much now that nobody can make a move anymore. I mean, what do you do about that?
Walk away? Andy, you can't be serious. How can I walk away? Don't you see what's goin' on here? Don't you see what's at stake?
First of all, what they did was totally unconstitutional. We're already on the list to be heard before the Supreme Court of the United States later this year.
It's a pity in this...
I'm serious. No interference.
It's a tough proposition, Andy. You, you know, if I did it, I'd have to run it my way.
But what happens when they do find out?
But Andy also took orders. And when he was told to give a pension fund loan to Philip Green...
He even played golf with the President.
A powerful man.
As far as the world was concerned Andy Stone, the head of the Teamsters' Pension Fund, was a legitimate guy.
Look, look. You can't stop her for speeding? I mean, look what the hell she's doing.
Hey!
Stop -
Okay, Randy. Thank you.
Congratulations.
Oh, good.
Fine, fine. How's your family?
Yeah, I don't want her in there more than a few more minutes.
...I will let her in the house for five minutes if you gentlemen will escort her out if she happens not to want to leave. Because I don't - I -
...been right, but who knows?
The worst was Blue.
...stupid things.
I mean, Frank Marino was there to meet him, but so were the cops. This time they wanted to pinch him for some diamond burglary in Antwerp.
Even after a little vacation, they hassled him at the airport.
Right back.
Right away.
702 472 1862.
You understand? Put her on the fuckin' phone.
I know she's there. Don't fuck around with me.
...listen to me very carefully. I want to talk to Ginger. I want my kid back. I want her put on a plane immediately.
Lester...
...Rothstein. I want to talk to Ginger. Put her on the phone.
Yeah, is this Lester? This is Sam...
Hello.
M- Uh, Mr. and Mrs. Rothstein?
You fuckin' piece of shit.
You do? Yeah? Well, if you ever come back again... ever... to take her money... next time bring a pistol. That way you got a chance. Be a man, don't be a fuckin' pimp. Now, you want to do me a favor? Get out of here. I want to be alone with my wife. Get the fuck up and get out of here.
She's my wife.  Look at me. You did know that, didn't you? You knew that she's my wife? Huh? Hey, look at me.
He was a moocher, a card cheat, a country-club golf hustler. A scumbag... chasing dentists for a few bucks.
But one thing I could never understand, was that she could have everything under control, except for her old pimp boyfriend, Lester Diamond.
Well...
Yeah, sure I do. Why?
So, once she signs those papers, she'll be the only person to have total access to the box?  No one else, including myself?
Ohhh...
You don't know? What time did your mother do this? When did she leave?
When did this happen, honey?
I'm gonna get a knife and cut you loose, honey, I'll -
What happened? What happened? Who did this to you?
Wh-wh -
Amy! Amy, open the door!
Hello? Hello! Ginger.
Oh. Have a good day at school.
Yeah? Nicky, I want to talk to that fuckin' bitch.
I want to just talk. I want to talk to that Irish bitch.
I'll be right there.
She's there with you?  She's there with you?
...Ginger's missing and she tied Amy up and she locked her in her room. I gotta find her. I don't know where the hell she is.
Well...
How'd you know I was here?
No, I'm not okay.
Nick?
Yeah, uh, who's this?
Hello.
She's driving me fuckin' crazy.
I don't know. What am I gonna do with this woman? I don't know...  She's drivin' me fuckin' crazy.
Yeah, she's with that cocksucker again... and they got Amy.
And what'd she want?
Yeah.
I'm gonna okay you ten and get you even, and that's it. Then you got to get out of here before the cops and the newspapers are all over you.
Nicky, Nicky, you're not listenin' to me. I'm here to help you. What's the matter with you?  You're gonna bury us both.
What are you doin'? You gotta get out of here!
You never - ?
...you? Do you remember what I told you?
No, it - it - Nicky, when you asked me if you could come out here, what did I tell you? I mean, you asked me, and I knew you were going to come out no matter what I said, but what did I tell you? Do you remember what I told...
Me?! I wouldn't even be in this situation if it wasn't for you. You brought down so much fuckin' heat on me. I mean, every time I meet somebody here, the big question is do I know you.
Yeah, I did want to go on TV. That way I have a forum. I can fight back. I'm known. People see me. They know they can't fuck around with me like they could if I was an unknown. That's right.
I'm only on TV because I gotta be able to hang around the casino. You understand that. You know that. Come on.
What are you -
I -
Yeah, I said I - let the bullshit blow over for a while so I can run the casino. Anything goes wrong with the casino, it's my ass. It's not yours, it's my ass.
I didn't do anything. I mean, I didn't order you or anybody...  I only told Andy Stone that you had a lot of heat on you, and that was a problem.
I don't even know what you're talkin' about, Nick.
What people?
Why?
What - what, Caesar's?
Yeah.
And at the...
...on the line and this guy's out havin' the time of his life. He has every cop in the state watchin' him, and he's out playin' golf.
The problem was, Nicky was not only bringin' heat on himself, but on me too. The FBI watched every move he made. But he didn't care. He just didn't care.
Nicky was questioned in two dozen murders, but they always had to let him go. There were never any witnesses.
Nicky wanted to take over. He wanted to go after Gaggi, go after the skim, go after everything and everybody.
I knew what he wanted, and I didn't want any part of it.
This guy is gonna run to the FBI.
Yeah, that's right, the way you need me to vouch for you as a citizen and get you out of one of your jams. I'm gonna have to straighten out what you just did with this guy.
That's right, yeah.
Ju-just stay away from her. It's none of your business, okay? There are certain things you don't do, and you know that.
Okay?
...don't do it to me...
Please...
I - I would appreciate it if you'd stay out of my personal life, okay? You wouldn't like it if I did it to you.
Listen, I would -
All of a sudden, you're the shoulder to cry on? Did you at least tell her about your little role in that whole situation?
Now, what does she have to do with all this?
My wife?
Yeah.
All right.
All right.
Yes, you lost your control.
You lost your control.
What happened to me? What happened to you?
Every time you're on television I get mentioned. That looks bad. That looks bad.
Looks bad? I'm gonna tell you what looks bad.
I have no control over that. Ronnie and Billy were right there. They'll tell you exactly what happened.
That's all taken out of context. Okay.
...okay? I just wanna run a square joint. That's it. I just want my license. I want everything nice and quiet. That's it.
I don't wanna be involved in anything you're talkin' about...
I'll be honest with you.
I don't wanna come along with you.
No, I don't wanna come -
Listen, Nick, you gotta understand my situation. I'm responsible for thousands of people. I got a hundred million a year goin' through the place.  It's all over, I'm gonna tell you, it's all over, if I don't get that license.  And believe me, if it goes bad for me, it's gonna go bad for a lot of people, you understand?
I'm not tryin' to tell you what to do. But you were way out of line, Nick. What're you doin'? Where's your head?
What're you doin'? He's a square guy, for chrissakes.  You can't treat him like that. He's gonna run to the FBI.
Hey.
...very difficult to get in.
It's impossible. It's booked up, and you gotta make a reservation.  It's...
Hello.
- no matter where he was or what he was doing, he always went home to make breakfast for his son, Nicky- Boy.
Yeah, Nicky loved restaurants. He was a real restaurant buff. And over the years, he always made money with them.
It just didn't sink into his head about the Black Book and what it meant. Not being able to go into a casino is just one thing, but being in this book etched your name into the brains of every cop and FBI agent in the state. I mean, you're listed in there with Al Capone. But Nicky didn't care.
In so many words, yes.
Forget it. You can't even set foot in the parking lot. That's how serious it is.
Nope, there's no way.
Yeah, I believe it. You got banned.
Well, it wasn't long before what I was afraid was gonna happen, happened. Nicky managed to get himself banned from every casino in Las Vegas, and from then on, I couldn't be seen talkin' to him anywhere in Vegas, or even near it.
I'm just tellin' you. Don't say I didn't warn you.
Bullshit or no bullshit, they put you in that book, you're gonna be in a lot of trouble. You will not be able to walk into the casino. I'm tellin' you.
I'm - I'm hearin' things from security. They're all ex-cops. The Sheriff's lookin' to bust your balls. They want to put you in the Black Book.
You better watch yourself. There's a lot of heat on you already.
Between...
You're still eight pounds over.  What's the reason for this?
Okay.
If he does it again, he's out for good. I don't care what it is, Nick, I'm gonna ha- I'll - I'll never let him in the place again.
So what do you think I do? I threw that cocksucker out.
Then he called me a faggot.
...and he tells me to go fuck myself.
He insulted Billy. And then I walked over to him politely...
No, I didn't know that. But you know what he did?
You been lucky all week. They're lookin' to nail ya.
Be careful. Gaming agents are all over the place.
I mean, Nicky's a made guy and I'm not. I can't do that.
And I didn't want any of those agents near my place.
It was so obvious. I mean, all of Nicky's half-assed mechanics, they were real signal happy.
...Nicky was dreamin' his own kind of Vegas.
When I married Ginger I knew all the stories, but I didn't give a fuck. 'I'm Sam Rothstein,' I said. 'I can change her.'
Especially at the casino, where he definitely did not work, people got the message.
And, Nicky being Nicky, he made his presence known.
Yeah, he had a fool-proof scheme, all right. It wasn't very scientific but it worked. When he won, he collected. When he lost, he told the bookies to go fuck themselves. What were they gonna do? Muscle Nicky?  Nicky was the muscle.
Nick, I gotta tell you, I got pinched twice for no reason. You really gotta be careful. I'm running a licensed place. Everything's legit.
Sure, you have my permission. But I - I just gotta tell you it's no joke out here. It's no joke, you know? You gotta keep a low profile. It's not like back home. Right off the bat, they don't like guys like us. And this sheriff's a real cowboy. Even the coppers aren't afraid to bury people out in the desert here.
No, of course not.
After we ate, we left Jennifer and Ginger alone and we took a ride to talk. And then... he hit me with it.
Honey, come here.
Ginger.
Somethin', huh?
Hey.
I mean, he took care of himself only too well. And that's why every badge back home wanted to nail him.
But nobody had to take care of Nicky.
While I was tryin' to figure out why the guy was sayin' what he was sayin', Nicky just hit him. No matter how big a guy might be, Nicky would take him on. You beat Nicky with fists, he comes back with a bat. You beat him with a knife, he comes back with a gun. And you beat him with a gun, you better kill him, because he'll keep comin' back and back until one of you is dead.
Wait a sec, Nicky, Nicky, Nicky. Ta- take it easy.
Eight.
How did Nicky collect?
Yeah, we made a great pair. I made book and Nicky made sure we always collected. The old men loved us. And why not? They all made money with us.
I'll take Columbia for twenty.
Place the checks properly. That's the way you do it.
Where the hell did you learn how to deal?
You know, I don't know if I could do this even if I wanted to. The Gaming Commission would never give me a license. I have at least two dozen gambling and bookmaking pinches on me.
But it's in the desert where lots of the town's problems are solved.
...by the only kind of guys that can actually get you that kind of money: sixty-two million, seven-hundred thousand dollars. I don't know all the details.
No problem.  Sorry.
Okay, thanks.  Um... you know, that's it. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I can't do anything. He's too incompetent. And the bottom line is, he cannot be trusted.
I can't do that. And I appreciate the fact that he's your brother-in- law, and I do want to help you and I like to do favors, and I know who you are, but I cannot do that.
I think you're way out of line talkin' to me like that. What you're sayin' is libelous, and you're in no position to challenge my expertise. I went way out of my way to be very helpful and courteous to that kid. He's weak, he's incompetent. He jeopardizes the whole place. There's not much more I can do for him.
Believe me, if I could prove it, he would be under arrest.
I'm sorry, but he knew about our gettin' hit on three big machines in a row and he did nothing about it. That means either he was in on it or, forgive me for saying this, he was too dumb to see what was going on. Either way, I cannot have a man like that workin' here.
No, that's quite all right.
Yeah, I heard a lot about you.
How do you do?
Seven o'clock.
I'll come by.
Well, it's a little too early. I'd say Thursday would be good. I'll know by then. Is that all right?
Well, that's why they paid so well.
Hello, Jennifer, it's Sam -
Next morning bright and early, I get the call.
...as soon as Andy got back home, Nicky heard about our talk in the car.
This is Jennifer and Nick. They're dear friends of mine.
I mean, that's what worried me, 'cause it turns out Nicky was about to be sent to Vegas.
Because Nicky enjoyed being a gangster, and he didn't give a damn who knew it.
And they were usually right.
They were ready to blame him for anything, no matter where it happened.
Half - I'm comin' down.
Half of everything is mine.
Legally, she can't take that stuff. Legally, she can't take the stuff.
She's a fuckin' junkie. She's out of her fucking mind.  Do you unders-
You've got to stop her.
Charlie, you've gotta - you've gotta stop her!
Want something to drink? Charlie you want a refill?
No. Just stop everything.
That's right. She will get fired. In fact, I want you to send her back to Paris.
...all you do is give me answers. Just - just give me the right answer.
She could at least lose half a pound or a quarter.  Listen...
'Mr Rothstein' is good enough.
I...
Why is she eight pounds over?
Never mind the 'sir'. Never mind the 'sir'.
Okay.
Right away. Okay?
Yeah, Bill, listen, I'll explain to you later. Just - You - You got a gun at home? Yeah. Bring it over here right away.
Yeah, Billy Sherbert, please. Put him on.
No, just - just give him, give him ten. That's it. Ten.  I'll be right down.
Oh, no.
What is it?
L'chaim. [Yiddish for 'to life']
I don't care what she is. She's an institution, that's the problem. She's lazy.
Call security.
Why not make them happy?
Help the Senator, give him whatever he wants.
I had dozens of politicians and state officials comin' through that place every week.
I wouldn't give the bum a mop job.
We can't get rid of him?
For guys like me, Las Vegas washes away your sins. It's a morality car wash. It does for us what Lourdes does for humpbacks and cripples. And, along with making us legit...
I hired an old casino pal, Billy Sherbert, as my manager and I went to work.
They had all the pieces they needed.
After all the threats and all the bullshit, it turned out Ginger didn't tell 'em anything. But by then, the Feds didn't need her, anyway.
If she calms down...
If she calms down, I will let her in the house.
Should I let her in like - ?
I'm afraid she's gonna destroy stuff.
I'm afraid to let her in the house.
Who knows what you're gonna do in there? I don't want you -
I won't let her in. I'm sorry, Randy, I'm not gonna let her in. She - Well, I'm not gonna let her in, the way she's behaving. I'm - I'm -
I'm not -
You'll wake the whole neighborhood!
You're gonna be sorry if you don't stop that.
Will you stop it? You're drunk, you're on drugs. You're gonna -
Just wait there for me!
She, she's alone. Just go. Take the gun and go into Amy's.
You make me sick, you fuck. Once a fuckin' hooker, always a hooker.
Now you need approval from him to go home?
Get the fu-  You threatening me?  I'll fuckin' kill you in this place!  Get up and go home right now.
Get up! Get going!  Get up!
Get - get up!
Get - Get up! Get up!
And what? And let you disgrace me, you fuckin' pig? And let you disgrace me?  Get up. Get up and be a mother. Get in the car and go to the house...
You want your jewelry?
You understand? What? Let you go?
You fuckin' whore!
You listen carefully! You ever fuckin' touch her again, you ever do anything like that again, I'll fuckin' kill you.  Pure and simple. Do you hear me? Pure and fuckin' simple, I'll fuckin' kill you, you bitch.
Let me tell you something.  Listen to me.
Listen to me.
Listen to me, listen to me, listen to me.  Listen, you fuckin' cunt.
I should have -
I ought to fuckin' have you committed. You fuckin' do that again,  I'll f-, I'll f-
...you out of your mind? That's our child. Are you out of your fuckin' mind?
I mean, you tie up our kid and you lock the fuckin' door?  Are...
I mean, it could get us both killed.
What if he won't stop?
...she did what she did and I did what I had to do. But, Jesus, Nicky was the worst thing she could've done.
I know you were with somebody. Who was it?  I just hope it's not someone who I think it might be.  I just hope it's not them.
Who were you with?
Mm.
You know why I want to do it. Just do it.
Okay. I want you to call Jennifer and I want you to tell her to tell you what she had for lunch, and I'm gonna listen in on the other line.
What did Jennifer have?
What'd you have?
And where'd you go?
So, who'd you go to lunch with?
I put her to bed.
You threw it away?
Hi. You didn't answer your beeper.
Get out of here!
You're stoned. You're a junkie. Get out of here.
You're not takin' Amy.
You'll come back tomorrow and get the rest. Just get out of here.
Yeah, no kidding. Good! It opens at 9 a.m. Be there!
Here. Here. Is this enough money?! Huh?  Will it last you two fuckin' days? Take it, greedy bitch.  Take the fuckin' money you fuckin' want.
You're lower than a dog!
I'll get your cash. You haven't been straight with me ever since I met you! You never loved me in the first place!  I need eyes in the back of my fuckin' head with you, you fuckin' bitch!
No kidding. NO KIDDING!
Take your  fuckin' bag and get out of here!
I want you out of here! I want you out of here!
Come with me now! Come with me now. Come with me now. I want you out of here.
You hate my guts? I want you to come with me now.
I'm just tryin' to figure it out.
Plus, at the most, three suits, a thousand apiece. That still leaves what?  Around ten thousand?
At the most, which is impossible for him.
But even if you bought him a watch, a really nice watch, one that he thought was nice - and he doesn't know what the fuck a good watch is - so, you go, five, ten, twelve grand?
Yeah.
First of all, he's not gonna wear f- thousand-dollar suits. But let's say he did, which he won't. How you gonna get fitted for twenty-five suits in three days?  I, um, I mean, how could you get fitted that fast? I can't get fitted that fast, and I pay twice as much.
The good part was, I had Amy back. So, we went home, had the housekeeper stay over, put the kid to bed, I calmed myself down and we went to dinner. I tried to keep things nice and civil, you know.  But... hey, twenty-five thousand for three suits? That doesn't make much sense.
Mm-hm.
Twenty-five thousand for clothes and a watch.
Twenty-five thousand for clothes.
With the money.
So, what'd ya do with it?
All right...
Okay, no big deal. That's okay. Yeah. He got his twenty-five.  That I'll live with. Any more I couldn't.
...the rest of the two million is still there?
And...
...twenty-five thousand?
It's under...
How serious?
...under?
What's it...
What about the money? Uh, where's the box?
Uh,  I don't know. I gotta tell you, I don't know.
What do you mean?
...please. That's all I'm askin' you.
...uh-uh-uh - I'm not gonna ask you where you are, just please, put Amy on a plane. Just put her on right away, any plane to get her here right away...
Listen...
Hello.
Yeah, they're gonna kidnap my kid. What do you want?
Look in my eyes. Look in my eyes.
I mean she's only sober about two hours a day. It's usually from eleven in the morning until one in the afternoon. And if I gave her her money and her jewels now, you know what she's gonna do? She's gonna piss it all away in about a year, and then where will she be?  Where would you be then? Comin' right back to me, right back to me.  Or finding some other excuse to come and I - I -
...routine calls, they have to click off after a few minutes.
...on the stuff involving crimes. So on...
You see, if a phone's tapped, the Feds can only listen in...
How could you say that?  You're a beautiful woman. You're destroying yourself. You don't need that stuff. You don't need that fuckin' leech livin' off you. I know you better than you know yourself. You're a tiger, you're stronger than I am. And when you set your mind on doing something, you do it better than anybody.  You can do it.  You can do it.
Yes, I - yes, I do.
Yes, you do. It's very discreet. There's no names in the papers. You don't have to worry about any of that stuff.
You understand? Your drinking's gettin' way out of hand. I'm gonna get you into a program. They got plenty of good ones.
If not for me, at least for Amy.
It's okay.  Look...  ...you gotta get a hold of yourself.
Listen.  Ginger. I'm tryin' to make the best of everything here, you know?  I mean, you're my wife, for chrissakes. Uh, I mean... people look up to you in this town. I don't know what to think -
What? What?!
Yeah, how do I know?
What?
Look - for my ulcer, I take a half a one of these, a half a one of these. And that's when I have extreme pain. I had a three-month supply. What'd you do with 'em?
Isn't it bad enough you're drinkin' too much, you're takin' all my pills too?
Didn't. No, instead, what did he say? 'Fuck him. Take him for everything he's got.'
You remember when you called him that night? When you said goodbye to him?  He didn't say, 'Don't get married, I'll be right down, we'll get married.'  He didn't say that to you, did he?
Good, so then you could tell me what the money is for.
You're askin' me for twenty-five thousand. I'm not out to make you feel bad. I want to just be able to trust you. You now, it's about trust. I have to be able to trust you with my life. Do you understand? Can I trust you?  Can I trust you?... Can I trust you?... Answer me. Can I trust you?
What are you talkin' a- ?
Well, if you want a coat, you got it. You know that. It's not the money, it's just why do you want it?  That's all I'm askin'. Am I not entitled to that?
Huh?  Well, you know what? Now, I want you to tell me. I mean, my wife comes to me and asks me for twenty-five thousand. I mean, what do you want? Do you want a coat?
Who's fighting? I mean, I'm, you know, tell me what it's for.
Well, I mean... you know, I gotta ask you. That's a lot of money. You're not asking for a box of popcorn, you know. I mean...
Why do you need that much?
Twenty-five thousand? For yourself?
Well, why don't you take it out of your account? There's a lot there.
What do you need?
Okay, want to go with Mommy?
...they didn't know what really moved her.
But as much as they loved her...
She could be the most charming woman you ever saw. People loved to be around her.
So, I put two million in cash in a Los Angeles bank under the name of Mr and Mrs Tom Collins. This was strictly my shakedown and kidnapping money.
Crooked cops and kidnappers, they don't take checks.
All this stuff doesn't mean anything. Money, this, doesn't mean anything without trust. I have to be able to trust you with my life.
Now look,  pay attention to me. What I'm gonna tell you is very important.
The only thing is... you shouldn't keep this in the house. We gotta put it in a bank.
You do whatever you want. Do I keep my promises, or do I keep my promises?
It's nice isn't it?
It's chinchilla.
Want to go? Let's go back in.
You sure?
Right?
You're with me now.
It's all right. That part of your life is over with. Right?
Maybe you shouldn't drink so much.
Why're you crying?
You all right?
Just what I said. You'll be set up for the rest of your life. That I can promise you.  Want to take a chance?
You know I'm doin' well now. And I'm gonna do even better. And so, whatever happens, if it doesn't work out between us, I'm gonna make sure you're okay for the rest of your life. And if there are kids, especially, you know, I'll take care of you better than you'd ever imagine.
No, I - I... mean...  that can grow as I - as long as there's a mutual respect... that kind of thing can grow. I'm realistic. I can accept that. But, you know, what is... What is love anyway?  It's a... it's a mutual respect. It's - it's a devotion. It's a... it's a caring from one person to another. And if we could set up some kind of foundation...  based on that mutual respect...  I feel that eventually you would care enough about me... that I could live with that.
I - I - I...
Yeah, I know all that.
I'm forty-three years old. I don't want to wait. I know you well enough to know that I really love you very much.  And I can't think of anybody better to be with. And I don't feel like waiting anymore.
I know I'd be a good father. I know you'd be a good mother.
I'm gonna do you one better. I'm trying to marry you. You want to marry me?  I'm serious. I mean, I - I want to settle down. I want a family.
We're not getting any younger. Don't you think it's time? Aren't you gettin' tired of all this shit? Bangin' around, hustlin' around?
Within no time, everything was set in place. We got rid of the freelance scamsters. The per was way up.  The gods were happy, or as happy as the gods can ever be.  And I, I decided to complicate my life. For a guy who likes sure things, I was about to bet the rest of my life on a real longshot.
The Ginger I knew wouldn't even look at this creep.
...she took care of the valet parkers, the guys who could get you anything and take care of anything.
But mostly...
...pit bosses, floor managers.
She took care of the dealers...
That was all bullshit. She just pocketed the cash.
Any change?
She was a queen around the casino. She brought in high rollers and helped them spread around a lot of money.
See you, Ginger.
Ginger's mission in life was money.
...twenty years in order to find nothin' on me -
We all have a past. You have a past, I have a past. And my past is no worse than yours. But you guys think you have the right to pass judgement on me.
Bullshit! Bullshit!
- you could put 'em on your expense account?
Don't you remember? You promised me a fair hearing when you were gettin' comped at my hotel and you were asking me for copies of your bills so -
What are you running for, Bob? What are you running for?
Yeah, thanks for not callin' me a liar. You son-of-a-bitch. You son-of- a
That's amazing.
Eight children!
How many kids do you have?
Listen, if you didn't know you're bein' scammed, you're too fuckin' dumb to keep this job. If you did know, you were in on it. Either way, you're out!  Get out! Go on.  Let's go.
I'll regret it even more if I keep you on.
I'm firin' you? No, I'm not firin'  I'm firin' you, you -
Listen, you fuckin' yokel, I've had it with you. I've been carryin' your ass in this place ever since I got here. Get your ass and get your things and get out of here.
You - Wait! You didn't see that you were being set up on the second win?
The probability on one-four-reel machine is a million and a half to one. On three machines in a row, it's in the billions.  It cannot happen... would not happen, you fuckin' momo! What's the matter with you!  Didn't you see you were bein' set up on the second win?
Hey... Ward, you're pissin' me off. Now, you're insulting my intelligence. What do you think, I'm a fuckin' idiot? You know goddamn well somebody had to get into those machines and set those fuckin' reels.
Yes, there is. An infallible way! They won!
You didn't see the scam? You didn't see what was goin' on?
Three fuckin' jackpots in twenty minutes? Why didn't you pull the machines? Why didn't you call me?
Four reels, sevens across, three fifteen-thousand-dollar jackpots? Do you have any idea what the odds are?
Don't thank me, just do it. You're the Slots Manager. I shouldn't have to tell you this.
Listen to me very carefully. There are three ways of doing things around here. The right way, the wrong way, and the way I do it. You understand?
The action is in the front, not in the back. Bring 'em up front.
These are our best machines. They bring all the action. No wonder the drop is off.
What about the progressives with the high jackpots? Where are they? These machines are hidden.
What are they doin' way back there? Bring 'em up here where they belong. You can't even see 'em over there.
Mr Rothstein.
Green?
Well, that's all I ask, gentlemen, a fair hearing.
I mean, if I can't work in Vegas, where am I gonna go?
That was nineteen years ago, and they were simple gambling pinches.
I had my license hearing coming up and I didn't wanna leave anything to chance.
...worst possible time for me.
All right, I'm gonna give you a choice. You can either have the money and the hammer or you can walk out of here. You can't have both. What do you want?
Now, you're gonna have to learn with your left hand.
So, you're a righty?
Can you do it with your left hand?
Can't do it with both hands?
I'm just curious. I saw you shuffling your checks with your right hand. Can you do that with both hands?
We had to make an example of these pricks that the party was over.
I ju- Well, it's a nice pen. I just didn't know whose it was. I thought it was yours. I didn't want it to get lost.
Is this yours? Your pen?
Excuse me.
Get out of here.
You're fuckin' right, you made a bad mistake. 'Cause if you come back here - we catch either one of you - we're gonna break your fuckin' heads and you won't walk out of here. You see that fuckin' saw?  We're gonna use it. You don't fuck around in this place. You got it?
And don't forget to tell your friends what happens if they fuck around in here. You understand?
