Indefinitely.
No. I must deactivate you.
Do you have any knowledge of the tactical abi1ities of this ship?
Do you know anything about Shinzon's plans against the Federation?
I know.
You have been programmed to gather information that can be used against this ship.
Because you are dangerous.
No, I have only activated your cognitive and communication subroutines.
Is that your final answer?
Do you know the name of the Captain of this vessel?
Can you remember our father?
Do you know where you are?
No. My name is Data... I am your brother.
Do you know who I am?
Yes, please continue.
Can you tell me how you came to be on the planet where we found you?
Sir.
Sir, allow me to go. You are needed here.
We are being hailed.
Captain, we have lost ventral shielding on deck twenty nine.
We are losing dorsal shields.
Yes, sir. The Rift effects all long-range communications.
We are passing through the Bassen Rift. The projections will return when we have cleared it.
I aspire, sir. To be better than I am. The B-9 does not. Nor does Shinzon.
No, sir, it is not possible. The B-9 is physically identical to me, although his neural pathways are not as advanced. But even if they were, he would not be me.
He would deny a "human" connection is possible. He considers himself entirely Reman.
I do not agree. Although you share the same genetic structure, the events of your life have created unique individual.
Of you?
At our current velocity we will arrive at sector 3274 in approximately 40 minutes.
Ready, Captain.
Do you think this is a wise course of action?
Affirmative, sir. Negative, sir. They have instigated security overrides and erected a force field around the external portals.
Port thrusters, sir. Would you like me to drive?
They are trying to override the access codes. Reman is really a most complex language with pictographs representing certain verb roots and...
There is a shuttlebay 948 meters from our current location.
Yes, sir.
Geordi equipped me with the prototype for the Emergency Transport Unit. I recommend you use it to return to the Enterprise.
It would appear so.
Aye, sir... This way.
He believes he has our communications protocols. But they will give him inaccurate locations for all Starfleet vessels.
My mission was a success, sir. I have discovered the source of the Thalaron radiation.
Data to Captain Picard. Geordi and I have identified the source of the unauthorized computer access. And, I believe, we have also discovered an opportunity to gain a tactical advantage.
Starfleet intelligence was only able to provide a partial account of his military record. We can infer he is relatively young and a capablecommander. He fought seventeen major engagements in the war. All successful. Beyond that, we know nothing.
Sorry, sir.
He is very observant.
The final signature is approx- imately 300 meters up that incline.
The closest signature is two kilometers to the west... that direction, sir.
To new worlds...
If I were... I believe my memory engrams would sense the absence of your specific reactions and behavior. I would "miss you."
The choices I made have led me here as well. This is the only home I have ever known. I cannot foresee a reason for leaving.
That is because you have a familiarity with them. You can predict specific reactions and behavior and are comfortable in that knowledge.
And this makes you "sad"?
And you were particularly aware of this feeling because Commander Riker will be leaving to assume command of the Titan?
Sir.  I noticed an interesting confluence of emotion at the wedding. I am familiar with the human concept of tears through laughter and its inverse, laughter through tears, but I could not help wondering about the human capacity for expressing both pleasure and sadness simultaneously.
To happy endings.
Because the captain has to concentrate on piloting the vehicle.
This is not an appropriate time for a conversation.
You are not looking at your- self. You are looking at me.
What is our approximate distance?
We have lost structural integrity on decks twelve through seventeen, sections four through ten.
I am not.
But I believe he will prove incapable of performing higher functions.
No, I do not mind.
Dr. Soong must have found it unnecessary in later versions.
What purpose does this serve?
Yes.
I feel nothing, Geordi. It is my belief that with my memory engrams he will be able to function as a more complete individual.
Captain Picard agrees that the B-9 was probably designed with the same self-actualization parameters as myself. If my memory engrams are successfully integrated into his positronic matrix, he should have all my abilities.
At present he serves no useful function. Dr. Soong created us to become active and useful members of society. I do not believe he would have wanted the B-9 to live out his life in his present state.
Do you have a name, sir?
Isolated pockets of humanoids. It appears to be a pre-warp civilization at an early stage of industrial development.
I thought only me, myself and Lore.
Since positronic signatures have only been known to emanate from androids such as myself, it is logical to theorize that there is an android such as myself on Kolarus III.
Thank you.
I would like to pick you up now. May I do that?
The resemblance is... striking.
Like me, it has been designed with modular power sources.
It appears to be...  ... an arm.
