No, it was lovely.
And I just liked you so much.
But I thought, I don't know, I thought it was cool that you were sensitive enough to know what I was feeling and that you were attracted to it.
Shit. The last time I saw you.
I didn't want to go. I was too nervous. I thought, maybe you were a nut. But you were exciting. You called from upstairs.
I couldn't believe you did that. I was paralyzed with fear.
Next thing I remember we were walking down near the surf.
I remember being drawn to you even then. I thought, I love this woman because she's alone down there looking out at the black ocean.
This is it. The night we met. My God, it's over.
On the couch. Dark. Quiet. I wondered if I had made a terrible mistake. I almost reached for the phone about a thousand times. I thought I could take it back, erase it, explain I had momentarily lost my mind. Then I told myself we weren't happy. That was the truth. That what we were was safe. It was unfair to you and to me to stay in a relationship for that reason. I thought about Clementine and the spark when I was with her, but then I thought what you and I had was real and adult and therefore significant even if it wasn't much fun. But I wanted fun. I saw other people having fun and I wanted it. Then I thought fun is a lie, that no one is really having fun; I'm being suckered by advertising and movie bullshit... then I thought maybe not, maybe not. And then I thought, as I always do at this point in my argument, about dying.
I didn't want to do this. But I had to or they would've called me a girl.
She's so sexy.
Is that like us? Are we just bored with each other?
Right! She called me an old lady here, too! And I remember, I said...
I wasn't going to call her. Not after the way she was.
Oh, God. I miss her. I can't believe she's with that guy now! I'm never going to see her again. I love her so much. What a fucking monster she is!
That's your look for me.
Maybe if I just explain what happened, I wouldn't have to go through this and I could tell you everything and it would be like you knew and we could rebuild and we could be happy again and...
Clementine. I should just maybe talk to her.
It's too late.
The pill was pink, I remember. It had some letters and numbers on it. What were they? AL 1718? AL something. Four digits. I don't like taking pills when I don't know what they are. I have no choice.
Maybe I'm making a mistake. Maybe I just need to learn to live with this. First of all, I'll get over it. Secondly, it happened. Those who do not remember history are condemned to repeat it. Who said that? Churchill? I'm not sure. But I don't care. She did it to me. I have to rid myself of this. Fuck her.
I'm like a joke to them.
There are two of them. Couldn't make them out. The orange glow of a cigarette.
