Yes, but I'm the only one who knows him. I  --  I really like the guy. And he likes me.  I think. I mean, I could talk to him, you know? And he could talk to me.  Anytime...
Oh, what a chance! If I could just  --  get to him.
It isn't that I still don't like you, Clark. It's just that...well, once you've had something like that happen to you, it kind of changes a girl.  I'm going to make some coffee. You want some?
They will once I hang it on him in tomorrow's edition.
Superman.  Pretty good name for him, isn't it?
Of this...Superman.
You're just jealous.
Why would he do that? How would he know I was going to suddenly slip.
He grabbed me! He held me! He set me down gently! How could that be done with mirrors?
There weren't any wires. I looked.
Clark Kent, if you had only seen it the way I did, you -
It wasn't a trick!
I'm telling you, I was there.
Not unless you can fly.
There's no real proof that tobacco  --
For what? Oh, I've see the way the other half lives. My sister, for instance. it looks terrific, but is that what I really want? Three kids, two cats, and fifteen needlepoint pillows? I'd go bananas after one week. Hell, I need this crazy existence of mine.  Like I need the plague, right? That's what your thinking.
It's not what you think. Darn it. I'm going out on a story. The Secretary of Defense is landing at the airport tonight and this kid's going to be there to make sure he answers a few questions he'd rather duck.
Thanks, Clark, but I'm booked for the night.
Big night coming up?
What now, my love?
You described the exact contents of my purse.
You're great with the advice, Clark. Maybe you'd better take over the lovelorn column.
Oh, for God's sake!
Stop him, Clark!
Hey!
Not in Metropolis it isn't. This is the home of the sneak attack, the stab in the back, the --
See? Didn't I tell you this was a tough town?
'Swell.' When  was the last time I heard anybody say  -  where are you from , anyway?
Some people aren't the athletic type.
Well, how are you enjoying your first day on the job?
Are there any more at home like you?
Not...gray.
I know. He sends a check every week to his dear gray-haired old mother.
Your bookie?
Hey, you're getting a better class of people in your office these days, Boss.
Well!
Need I ask who's favored to collect at the end of this week.
It's because I'm an intrepid girl reporter, Jimmy.  Besides, the chief of detectives has the hots for me.
Gets you where you live, huh?
'And the people on the street, the little man who runs the corner newsstand, the old lady sunning herself on the stoop the kids playing stick ball -- none of them will ever forget the night of senseless bloodletting that turned a friendly block part into a nightmare.'
an Ode to Spring. are there one or two "T's" in bloodletting?
He is. Usually.
Nine to five it's a Pulitzer Prize, I know.
Okay, but...why?  No offense.
Here's the story on that East 19th Street murder spree. Page one with a banner headline seems about right to me.
Where do you hail from?
Do you like pink?
Can you actually fly faster than the speed of sound?
What color underwear am I wearing?
Do bullets really bounce off you?
Is it true you're impervious to pain?
Can you really see through anything?
What about this X-Ray vision of yours?
How much do you weigh?
How old are you?
It must feel great.
Oh.
Well, I mean it's not everybody that can deliver an air mail letter without putting a stamp on it.
I didn't mean that in any pejorative way.
Okay. Let's start with these strange powers of yours.
Oh.  Well, where do we start?
Oh, I've got to get some matches.  My cigarette.
Not exactly. He's kind of a rewrite man. Actually, he's a bit dull, if you know what I mean.
If I do, you can punish  me. Fly me to Bermuda and just lave me there for two weeks.  This is fantastic! I wish Clark were here.
Well...flashlight?
This is incredible. I was just sitting here trying to figure out how to contact you. I mean, you don't have an answering service, right?
The answer is yes. Now what's the question?
Wha'...what are you doing here?
Superman???
With my luck, now it'll rain.
Who...who...
Oh, God! I'm going to die!
You've got me? Who's got you???
