Not you.  You.  Tell me again.
Got it? Otis?
One of them should've been you.
Albert!
And stop interrupting. his is the big scene.  Your finest hour! You rose to the challenge, baby! And you lost. That's the best part!
Ah! The guest of honor at last! And about time, too!
Otherwise, you're a Mongoloid idiot.  It's reasonable to assume that fragments of the planet were shot out into space by the force of the explosion, and  --
You're a great architect, Albert.
That the planet blew up on May 23, 1937. That the rocket ship with the revolting little freak in it took three years to reach Earth. Ergo?
Shut up, apple-polisher.
Ahhhh, my favorite part of the day. Who else could have thought of this aquarium?
Wonderful. Otis will go above and steal some Big Macs.
I take the man out of Argentina - and it was no picnic finding him y'know? And what does he think about? Bunkers. Still living in the past, when I am about to realize the greatest real estate scheme in the history of the world!
You'll be designing monuments soon, Albert! Hotels! Palaces!
Stop saying you know when I say 'y'know.' I know you know.  Yes, I know you're here, Otis. What do you want, a brass band?
Of course I can. I love you.
What other one?
I'm wearing it.
Miss Teschmacher, Superman is a fairly bright individual. My understanding of the way he works is that he won't be fooled by a simple trick.
Lex is going bye-bye.
He always shows up when somebody's in danger.
You got wax in your ears?
Nothing, nothing. I just want to invite him to tea.
Not exactly. But it's his kind of neighborhood.
Your volcano chum? Your junior life-saving buddy?  Let's get high.
Yours not to reason why, Miss Teschmacher. Relax! Enjoy it!  Just look at that smog!
Baby -- I'm going to take you higher.
She knows. Clever, very clever.  And unappreciated. But I'm going to take you away from all this.
You've been under such a strain. And I've ...I've --  -- neglected you. Mea culpa! Y'know.
Hit you? A clever girl like you?  'He turned slowly, slowly in the lava...' was how you described it. Now that's clever.  I have to hand it to you.
Something you can feed the pets, perhaps?  Let's have it.
No news is not good news. Y'know
You have two minutes and thirty- two seconds.
Don't let me down.
Nothing.
They stop for nothing.
Ready?
Is that an innuendo, Miss Teschmacher? Because if it is, you are about to experience the heady thrill of being hurled from a moving vehicle.
Weak sister.  I still can't figure out why it took so long for you to catch up with us after we all ran out. Y'know?
About Vesuvius. About Superman writhing in the bowels of the volcano.  Ahh, the look on his face when he saw that Kryptonite. When will I see another, y'know? Y'know?
What do you suggest, my dear?
The door jam, Miss Teschmacher. This Ethiopian shmendrick here, in his simple, unconscious way, needed something to wedge the door open, the better to inhale the flies that form such an  important part of his diet. So he grabs something from the table...
La de da da...
Breathe that air, Miss Teschmacher.
No, you're going to get kissed,
Tune me in , lady. An explosion such as the one Superman describes would have altered the molecular structure of the Krypton rock.
Ahh. 'National Geographic." In my day, this made 'Playboy" look like Mother Goose.
Bingo!
Deductive reasoning, my friends! That's the name of the game. What does it say here?
Stay and listen!  Besides, it's twelve in the afternoon. This is no time to go to bed.
See? I see. It's you who don't see. Doesn't see. I cannot believe it! How you people fail to grasp the long-range significance of this! Y'know?
Exactly, Miss Teschmacher.
Some people can read 'War and Peace' and come away thinking it was a simple adventure story. Other people can read the ingredients on a chewing gum wrapper and come away with the secret of the universe.  Y'know.
Krypton!
When it gets to seventy-five below, stabilize it.
What's the temperature now?
Damn!  This will get him.
Shut up.
You're on.
Nuts. He made it.
He's from another world.
I needed this, Y'know? I really needed this. just when I'm nearing the fruition of my project, Big Bird flies into town.  Go ahead! Kill me by inches! Put me on the agony rack!
First the pets, Otis.
What about dinner? I have to worry about the crime of the century, that's all. Y'know? Am I supposed to worry about what's in the refrigerator, too?  What's in it?
You'll be seeing stars in a minute, Miss Teschmacher. y'know?
Criers and complainers! That's what I get! Moaners and groaners! Me, Lex Luthor, who figured out how to live in luxury without ever paying one cent in taxes. Lex Luthor, who built this fantastic kingdom under the sea, so to speak, hidden and undetected by the fools who eke out their miserable lives on the streets above.
Compared to what came before? A year of living in the sewers?  A part of that will always be with me.
I know that. Bu tin this case he was right. Arnold 'Buster' Luthor, the most inept check forger of his time --  A pity he didn't live to see his son strike out for the big city. A pity he didn't live to see how, from humble beginnings, I created an empire.
My father always said to me, 'Son, don't invest your money in anything but land. Land! Stocks rise and fall, banks fall, people are no damn good, but they'll always need land and for that they'll pay through the nose. 'Remember that ,' my father said. 'Land."
So it's six hundred feet below Park Avenue, It's still a Park Avenue address.
Me and my real estate? How  many other girls, Miss Teschmacher, are lucky enough to have a Park Avenue address like this?
Good enough for you. Now then --  --  tell me something I like to hear. As many times as I hear it...
Ah, dear simple Otis. Albert explain it to him.
Cleaning a rock, Otis?  Jot it down. As soon as we're back, he feeds the pets.
They're killing me by inches!  Go ahead! Make me suffer! Milk me dry.
Well, gents? What did I tell you? It's a piece of cake.
Will kill him! And I'm going to have a piece of the rock! Miss Teschmacher, pack your --
But, to someone from the planet Krypton, this substance would be lethal because of its high level of radioactivity. Kryptonite! Ah, Kryptonite! That's the stuff!
Y'know? I'm sure of it. Y'know? And there's a strong streak of goody- goody in him that is going to blow this deal for me if I don't do something about it.  Something!
Is that real enough for you?
Otis...
And now he lies to me. He has been stealing ladies' purses again.  Haven't you? Haven't you, you miserable petty crook?
I gave him this new face.
I gave him steady employment --
I broke the man out of prison --
Otis, were you up to your old tricks?
What's the matter, Otis?
Excellent, Otis.  But what took you so long?
Not there!  A pine tree in Death Valley? Idiot! This is for the North Woods section!
Now then, Otis. Did you get what I asked for?
No speeches, Otis. Just watch what Albert has prepared.  What are you waiting for?
Now who's the dreamer, Superman? Even you can't fly that fast!
For the first time today, Superman I must tell you that you're wrong.  But how could you know that -  Oh, well. I guess I could tell you now. Y'see, actually...but this conversation is becoming rather dry, isn't it.
In a way  -- oh, it'll be a relief. I'm a wreck. No rest for the wicked, y'know. It wasn't enough, the radio frequencies, then I had to worry about getting to the missile and adjusting the aiming. So that if I could have activated the launch  -- well, Lex Luthor would've hit the spot.  There's a little place on Route 190. Dead on the practice optimum stress point of the San Andreas Fault. It wouldn't mean much to you, Superman, but I call it...target zero.  Pancho's Taco Palace...
Well, that's their problem, T.S. But  --  but the XK 101 also works on a radio wave control system. The problem was to find out the frequency. Problems, problems, I've had so many...
You guessed it!  You're always one step ahead of me.  Aren't you Superman?  Yes, right. There was a police helicopter buzzing the area and transmitting on the same frequency as the garage doors. The minute the signal went out --  Zip!  Zip!  Zip!
And garbage doors.
Still, foolishly, perhaps, I had a theory that eliminates the Presidential push-button.  I was doing my homework...
I know. I know.  I never promised myself a rose garden.
You're right, you're right, Superman. There were wrinkles to iron out. But, well...  ...there is this new rocket, the XK 101.
Maybe I should get help.
--  Dropped into the sea!  Bye-bye California! Hello, new West Coast! Gold Coast! My Coast.  And now...well...  I left my heart in San Francisco...
Couldn't have said it better myself.  Now all this  --  --  west of the Fault is the most expensive real estate in the world. Los Angeles. San Diego. San Francisco. And here  --  --  is just hundreds and hundreds of miles of cheap desert land. Land that happens to be owned by Lex Luthor Enterprises. Well...  ...call me a fool, but ...it did occur to me that if a conventional five hundred megaton bomb were to explode at exactly the proper stress point --  --  that would trigger the upheaval that would cause the San Andreas Fault to 'do its thing.'  Ah, it would've been so nice, y'know...
At the San Andreas Fault. Maybe you've heard of it.
Right, right. Where was I? Ah, yes --
It's just that  --  I spent a fortune on these things!  And all for naught! What a waste  --
No, Superman, of course not. You do get around, don't you.
This is California. The richest, most populous state in America. And growing like a sonofagun.
Oh, that. Listen  --  you're busy  --  and it's a long story --
Well  --  you've got me! What can I say?
Makes Cecil B. DeMille look like the Senior Class play, right?
