Don't be stupid, lady.  Your neck can be sliced as fast as anyone else's.
I have witnesses that can put the two of you together.
What were you doing in Felton?
Just for laughs we raided wonder boy's house.  There was a gallon of one of the corpse's blood in his carpet.  I think it was about then I withdrew his name for humanitarian of the year.
I want Taupin.
But we might just give it the 'ole college try.  What with the court back ups, it could be days before you got an arraignment. But then, I'm sure the flunk-out neice of the D.A. knows all about that.
You've been a busy little beaver. Especially with that records mess up in Church Hill.  Your notes are very complete. Naturally my feelings were crushed when you didn't rush right over and tell us what you knew.  In fact, we're considering book- ing the ambulence chaser as an accessory to murder.
But there's more.  Wednesday someone played javelin with the cemetary curator in Felton, Delaware.  Some locals spotted two cars with D.C. plates and surprise surprise, they turn out to be registered to our own Brenna Cartwright and the ever popular Richard Taupin.
All fashionably without heads.
What are you going to tell them?  That you're protecting a man who's killed four people?
You and I should talk first.
Well, the man of the hour that we all would like to talk to about now has apparently skipped town.  And all of a sudden the Smithsonian's ambulence chaser is an expert on missing persons.
I've got a morgue filling up with bodies.  That's my right.
A murder.
No.  I want this to be all ours.
Round up who you can and put them on standby.
Are you sure?
Should have seen him the first night.  Son of a bitch stood there with a quart of blood on his pant leg and didn't even blink.
Any other I.D.s come up?
Yeah.
I want people in here to check over every piece of this stuff.
All I need is time.
Look, I don't know what the hell you're up to, but I think I've got a pretty good idea.
A neighbor saw your car leave.
Where were you Tuesday night?
For the moment.
It was covered with Mr. Fasil's fingerprints, but none of his blood.
A claymore to be exact.  You wouldn't know anything about it would you?
Do you know what this is?
You're wrong.
What were _you_ looking for?
Let's just say that in my years with this department I've seen more than one well dressed business man look for a hand job on 14th Street.
Do you make a habit of hanging out in that neigh- borhood at night?
Two days ago a Bulgarian national was murdered the same way.  He'd also been in the country less than a week.  What is your citizenship?
He was carrying a Syrian passport and had been in the country less than a week.
His name was Iman Fasil if that jogs your memory.
Did you know the victim?
Mr.-  Taupin, what were you doing in that alley?
This your present address?
