I was thinking of Sybok. I've lost a brother.
Not possible. You were never alone.
Welcome aboard, Captain.
I believe we are witnessing my birth.
It's all right, Captain.  Proceed.
...mark two.
The emergency channel, open.
If I activate them now, Captain, we will be propelled upward at an unbelievable rate.
It would appear we are too heavy.
Uh-uh.
I believe I have found a faster way.
There is an emergency sending apparatus in the forward observation room.
"c."... "k."
A "t."
I am here, Captain.
Sybok possessed the keenest intellect I have ever known.
There Sha Ka Ree is fabled to exist.
That he's found it. Sha Ka Ree. The reason Sybok left Vulcan.
Is it possible?
He did have pointed ears.
The designers tested it using the most intelligent and resourceful person they could find. He failed to escape.
This is a new brig, Captain. It is escape-proof.
I was not disposed to discuss... matters of a personal nature. For that, I'm sorry.
Exactly. That is correct. Sybok's mother was a Vulcan princess. Upon her death, Sybok and I were raised as brothers.
I have a half brother.
Technically, you are correct. I do not have a brother.
I did not.
No, no, no, Captain. You do not understand. Sybok also in a son of Sarek.
You ordered me to kill my brother.
If I had pulled the trigger, Sybok would be dead.
If you think it would help.
Worse. I have betrayed you. I do not expect you to forgive me.
Captain, what have I done -
You must allow us to act.
Exactly 15.5 seconds.
Yes, Captain.
Yes, Captain?
At footspeed I estimate the journey to Paradise City at 1.2 hours.
To land any closer would risk detection.
Their equipment is primitive but effective. I recommend we land at Coordinate 8563.
Klingon vessel now entering quadrant. Bird of Prey. Estimating 1.9 hours until her weapons come to bear.
When he encouraged others to follow him, he was banished from Vulcan, never to return.
He believed the key to self-knowledge was emotion, not logic.
He rejected his logical upbringing and embraced the animal passions of our ancestors.
The knowledge and experience he sought were forbidden by Vulcan belief.
There was a young student, exceptionally gifted, possessing of great intelligence. It was assumed that one day he would take his place amongst the great scholars of Vulcan. But he was a revolutionary.
I do not often think of the past.
He reminds me of someone I knew in my youth.
I cannot be certain.
Perhaps I have, Captain. Perhaps I have.
The same. He's apparently fallen out of favor with the Klingon High Command.
Yes.
Goodnight, Doctor.
Yes, Captain.
Life is not a dream.
Jim.
Captain?
I was trying to comprehend the meaning of the words.
That song did not come up in my research, Captain.
Are we leaving, Captain?
Oh. I believe we are required to engage in a ritual known as the singalong.
I am preparing to toast a marsh melon.
I don't understand.
Perhaps "because it is there" is not sufficient reason for climbing a mountain.
Concentration is vital. You must be one with the rock.
I believe Dr McCoy is not in the best of moods.
I do not think you realize the gravity of your situation.
Ah, Captain?
And that is?
I regret to inform you that the record for free-climbing El Captain is in no danger of being broken.
I'm flattered. Twelve hundred points of interest in Yosemite and you pick me.
Sybok, we must find a way...
Sybok.
Sybok - this is not the God of Sha Ka Ree - or any other God!
Sybok, you are my brother, but you do not know me. I am not the outcast boy you left behind those many years ago. Since that time I have found myself and my place. I know who I am. And I cannot go with you.
I belong here.
I cannot go with you.
Do you?
I hide no pain.
No. I will not.
Sybok, you must surrender.
I am a Starfleet Officer.
It was not my intention to amuse you. These are serious charges. However, if you surrender now-
