Why are you telling me this?
Why are you telling me this?
I know Risa and Wendell Walker. They wouldn't hire a goddamned lawyer.  And the Ottos wouldn't deal
Case?
Leave us alone, Stephens.  Leave the people of this town alone.  You can't help.
Mr. Mitchell Stephens, Esquire, would you be likely to sue me if I was to beat you right now?  Beat you so bad that you pissed blood and couldn't walk for a month.  Because that's what I'm about to do.
Not unless you can raise the dead.
No you don't.
Mister, I don't want to know your name.
Goodnight, Nicole.
I'm not sure.
And she really liked you.  She would've given you all this if she'd outgrown it, or...
Nicole, I'm just going to pack all this stuff and give it to the church for charity.  Don't feel bad. Unless you feel strange about wearing it.
Why?
Yeah.
I'll be back around nine.
They just finished supper.
Hi, Nicole.
Say hello for me.
How is Nicole?  Is she around?
The children.
I used to like it here.  I used to care about what happened.  Now I think I'll sell my house and move the fuck away.
Because I was driving behind the bus, Mary.  Because I saw it.  I saw it happen...
I'll help pay for Nicole, if that's what you're really talking about. I'll even give you the money I got for my kids.  That's what we used to do, remember? Help each other.  This was a community.
Why?  You got money from Dolores' insurance with the school board.  We all did.
We've got lawyers suing lawyers because some people were stupid enough to sign on with more than one of the bastards.  We've got people pointing fingers, making side deals, and dickering over percentages. Yesterday, I heard somebody wants to sue the rescue squad.  The rescue squad.  Because they didn't act fast enough.
That's wrong, Sam.  You know that. We'll be tangled up in this thing for the next five years.  This is never going to go away...
If that bastard does subpoena me, if he forces me to go over this again, then all those other lawyers will line up behind him and try and do the same thing.
But yours is the one who's going to subpoena me, Sam.  Force me to testify in court.  He came by the garage this afternoon.  Gave me this piece of paper.
I've tried to stay out of it.  But it turns out that's not so easy, Sam.  You've gone and got yourself this lawyer.  Mitchell Stephens. You and Risa and Wendell and the Ottos.
Well I don't want a damned thing to do with it.
Why not?
How?
It does concern me.
Well, Sam, I might as well tell you the truth.  It's this lawsuit you've gotten yourself all involved with. I want you to drop the damned thing.
You think that caused the accident, Risa?  That it brought bad luck? Christ, it sounds to me you're looking for a witch doctor, not a lawyer.  Or maybe they're the same thing.
Yes.
Well I don't.
Why?
You believe that?
Risa, I serviced that bus.  At the garage.  There's nothing wrong with it.
I stopped by the station a while ago.  I stared at the bus.  I could almost hear the kids inside.  There was a lawyer there.  He told me he'd gotten you signed up.  Is that true?
Good night.
I better get back.
Sure.
Well, maybe that's because they know I'm going to follow them.  Behind the bus.
It's natural.
That's because he misses you.
What are you thinking?
What time's he coming home?
Does this mean I can't take a shower?
A while.
She said she's got to be home by nine.
Nicole's coming over to look after the kids tonight.  She'll be there around six.
