I don't know.  But it was weird in terms of what happened next.  Sean was still watching his mother.
He never took his eyes off his mother, even as he moved to sit beside Nicole.  He looked frightened.
Yes.  Abbot understands these things.
Anything you didn't understand?
You heard what Abbott said?
Who's been talking to you about what I'm feeling?  Who should care about what I'm feeling?
What other people?
And Billy told you that he'll tell that to...
You've talked to Billy?
Billy said that?
He knows that?  Billy?
Because I'd be to blame, right?
I told you that I was doing fifty miles an hour when the accident happened.  That's how I remembered it.  But the truth is, I might have been doing sixty.  Or sixty five. And if that's true, that I was over the limit when the bus went over, what would happen then?
I have a question for you, Mr. Stephens.
The Walkers loved Sean.  He was their only child...the object of all their attention.  I mean, Wendell's a withdrawn sort of man.  That's his nature.  But Risa, she's still got dreams.
What do you mean?
That's right.
What do you mean?
A strange little fellow, but you couldn't help liking him.  He was close to ten but seemed more like a frightened five or six.
With our hands.
Yes.  The old-fashioned way.
Abbott and I used to do a lot of that in the spring.
Yes.  Like I was putting them into my big basket.  Clearing the hillside of its children.
That's the way I thought of them sometimes.
No.  I saw it on his face.
No, nothing like that.  Billy's wife, Lydia, died of cancer a few years ago.  He took over raising the children by himself.  It was obvious how much he missed Lydia.
From what?
Billy loved to see his kids in the bus.  They always sat in the back, so they could wave to each other. It comforted him.
nan
Those are all from the fair last year.  Abbott and me were judges at the pet show.
Oh yes.  Like I said, they always came out together to see him off to school.  It's like he was their little treasure.  He was such a beautiful boy.  That's a picture of him on the wall there, behind Abbott.
No, nothing like that.  The Ottos are what I'd call model citizens. They're regular at town meetings. They give their opinions  in a respectful way.  They always help out at various fund-raising bazaars in town , though they aren't church goers.
I mean, the way they look.  Their hair and clothing...
About the Ottos?
Dolores.  No one calls me 'Mrs. Driscoll'.
The Ottos always waited for the bus with Bear.  They were the only parents who did that, together like that.  I guess they're what you might call hippies.
Oh, it's bizarre alright.  C'mon Bear.  Let's get you out of here.
I'll just strap it on the roof.
I didn't say that.
Well, it's certainly what you'd call interesting.
Good morning, Wanda.  Hi, Hartley.
