What have I got now?  It's exactly as if there were two emperors. Because of this the people have two minds.  He is their champion.
Damn him!  I should have killed him on the front -- I let you talk me out of that.
Lykas, pick a man.  Someone who will look good.  Jerses I want it built up in the Daily Action...
Send them out!
I am their hero!
I want that bastard dead!
Tell Lykas to send a retiarius and a Samnite to help Tiger.
Yes?  Go on!
But I get what I want, always, don't I?
Now that we're done with that infatuation forever.
Now that is a happy sound! Tomorrow, I want the citizens -- my people -- back in the arena.  The Gods know, I'm tired.  Come to bed, now; tonight we're celebrating.
What is that... wailing?
You must start clearing everything with me -- especially your lovers.
Where have you been?
I have to come back.  If I don't come back the people will think I'm a coward.  Tribuus, tomorrow he dies -- I want his blood on the sand.  Do you understand?
Tribuus... tomorrow.
Kill him!  Tribuus -- execute that bastard.
For the gods, spit it out!
How about in the forum.  Right in front of the Senate.
It's disgusting!  Animals!  I had to come here under armed guard.  Slaves -- get this junk out of my sight.
I want every single thing that belonged to my father out of this house!  If it's worth something then sell it!
Let some time pass... then ask, quietly, without anyone knowing it comes from me.
Did Narcissus die today?  Wasn't this his day to die?
I should at least have you, don't you think?
They hate me, they really hate me don't they?
Why?  Then they'll notice when I'm gone.  Well.  I'm making a public appearance aren't I?
Quite so.  Narcissus and his courageous men; may they live long to serve Rome...
Oh, stay...  Don't you want to join the chorus of praises for Narcissus' glory?  Just remember, he is a married man.
More wine, sister?  Surely you can drink more than that.
Will you please get back in your wagon?  And stay there?
We're nearly there, Lucilla.
Endorse me in public.  Do that and I'll make you rich and set you free. I'll return your estates.  I know you would give anything to be outside again.  Endorse me and you will be free.  Think of it.  What would you do with your freedom?
The army is a problem.  They love you.  You have led them from victory to victory in the name of Rome and they love you.  And after all, you're just a hothead acting from a misguided sense of loyalty -- who could fault you for that?  Thus have I reached a compromise with the Senate over your fate: instead of executing you, I'm sending you to Rome where you will be tried...
Cooperate and they will be returned to your estate.  I could have executed you.
They won't break this one.
I'm ordering a general stand-down in preparation for withdrawal back across the Danube.
That this illness has clouded his mind.
Being as close, I'm certain you've noticed what we all have noticed.
You and my father have become very close.  Perhaps one day I may say the same for us.
Do we really need to repair this fort?  It seems like an expensive undertaking.  I propose we burn it to the ground.  That way if the Germans cross the Danube here there will be nothing to help them build an offensive position.
I would say there's nothing more dangerous than a man who knows what 'right' is.
Oh, but with the army behind you, you could become extremely political.  Not a Republican by any chance?
Or perhaps into a new one.  But here's to your God and the courage of our legions...
Then you'd be out of a job.
That's difficult to say, general.
Of course, but not now.  However, if he continues to be unwell, you may report to me.
Welcome back from your great triumph Narcissus Meridas.  My father sends his heart felt praise.  Sadly, Marcus is in dark humors -- nothing to worry about, but he needs rest. Likely just the weather.
I wouldn't know who to bet on.
Take grain away from the army?
Give away food?
So am I.
Maybe it'll crush Gaius.
Throw it down into the streets! Down into the Forum.  If it's my father they want then give him to them!
At the opening of the month of Janus, I will ask this noble body to confirm my emperorship...
Gods of hell!  This must cost a fortune!  How many days is this going to go on?
Ignore that?!  The sooner we leave this disgusting place the better.
How can they?  Who else is there?  I have no heir...
Quintus will tell the army that you are being called to Rome to celebrate your victory.  They will hear that you are living in luxury. He will let them feel you have betrayed them for the good life. And soon the army won't even remember your name.
Underdog!  How can he be an underdog -- he wins all the time!  I'm the emperor why can't I kill him?  He could be poisoned, or somehow killed to look like an accident.
This is the only place in Rome where I thought -- I believed -- I was wholly in power.
I met with Falco, and the Senators have agreed to call for a truce with the Germans.
He left us at dawn.
I'm certain father will be in better humors by then.  Now, honor us with your presence at dinner.  I'll join you as soon as I see my father's physician.
We need more statues -- perhaps I should open medical clinics.  For the poor.  Citizens only, though...
Tribuus!  Go left here, I want to see my new statue at Via Claudia.
Jerses -- tomorrow...
Why isn't he dead?  Damn you, you promised me he would be dead!
Tribuus, what happened in the arena? Was Narcissus killed?
Where is my father?
