You would have had a full scale revolt on your hands.
Do you want posters, too?
Not yet, dear brother...
You want control of the crowd -- you can't get it by killing their hero.
You can't do that... listen to the mood of the crowd.
"... by the emperor of Rome.  This writer asks:  between a Senate that debates truth until they choke, an Emperor who has the birth sign of a woman, is it possible there is more virtue within the arena than without?"
"... encased in the armor of a demigod, Narcissus The Good continues his impossible climb in the arena where he was unjustly cast..."
If I ever loved Narcissus it wasn't like you want.
What are you talking about?
The fans of Narcissus.  They were on vigil outside the school of Proximo. They believe he's dying.
Why are you so surly -- you've won, brother.  The people have bread and the city is quiet.
Taking my pleasure.  Do I need to clear my lovers with you?
You're coming back?
You can't do that!  You came here to turn the crowd around not make them hate you.
Why not do it in the Colosseum?
If I may be so bold...
Commodus is heaving out every thing that belonged to our father.  Except that he can't heave out his ghost.
Those are priceless sculptures.
No one in Rome has ever heard of him.  Do you want to remind those few in the Senate who have?  The whole sordid thing is far beneath your position to begin with.  Forget about him.
I'm sure, I don't know.
If you get me pregnant with a boy he'll be a double direct heir and will end up killing you for the throne.
Maybe you should get married.  Pick one of your cousins, it would demonstrate a profound stability.
Don't you think you should at least wave?
And Caesar!  Let's not forget to serve Caesar!
I was suddenly thinking about going to bed.
I'm tired of being stuck in that wagon.
That's what you told me two days ago!
Where are we now, Commodus?  Can you see the camp?  My Gods!  The air is turning into ice!
Hidden.  Where my brother cannot place hands on them.  He didn't have the guts to watch them die so... I took care of it all.  The sooner he is put out of our misery, the sooner will they be safe.
Narcissus, I have your family. They're alive.  All of them.
Marcus would have lived but... was poisoned by his son.
You cannot die.
"If you consider yourself to be only one thread of many in the tunic, then it is fitting for you to be like the rest of men, just as the thread has no desire to be any better than the other threads. But..."
Do you remember your Epictetus, that little homily we recited when we were children?  The one that was supposed to remind us we were Romans?
For the sake of the Gods, you're not leading these men?  How like my father you are.  You 'believe'... I guess that's why you're still alive.
But you do exist.  Narcissus:  hero of the battle of the Danube.
I came here to see that you stay alive.  The people need a living breathing alternative to Commodus, a hero.
It's my brother's neck you want, not mine.
Of course I know -- who do you think is paying for it?  The Emperor himself, didn't you know?  Why do you think Commodus came rushing up to the front?  Burning patriotism? Filial love?  He wants to be sure when he takes over there's enough cash left in the treasury to... play Emperor.  Watch out for him, Narcissus; he's inexperienced, but... be careful.
How do you know I am playing?  Well, the clown is always harmless.  Isn't that right?  And how did you ever get to know me so well?  The last we spent any time together I was fourteen.  I think you know me better than my father.  He's going to die, isn't he?
Why do you keep playing at being so humble?  It's a little embarrassing.
Without him.  He'd be weeping if he overheard that.  Well?  The idea of you as my adopted brother is very... exciting.
I thought all good generals were quick to recognize opportunities.
You know our two most senior Senators:  Gaius Cantus and Falco Verus?
Narcissus!  Terrified?  You?  The only thing he's scared of is me.
