If you set me free I will find my way back to the army, march on Rome and depose you.  Then, the army and I will restore the Republic so that animals like you will never control human destinies again.
On what charge?
And my army would have thrown your body into the Danube.
Where is my family?
Apparently my opinion wasn't needed.
Forgive me, Caesar, but do two Senator represent the mood of the whole Senate or the will of the Roman people?  Besides, every truce we make with the Germans they break!
We have to stop the Germans now!
Caesar?
You flatter me, Caesar.
But they're not destroyed, not yet.
The dangerous man, Caesar, is the man who doesn't care.
I back Rome against all her enemies -- if that answer disappoints you, I'm not a politician...
Gladly Caesar.
Perhaps, Master Galen, you may say.
Do you expect Marcus to be well enough by morning for an audience?
Respectfully Caesar, Quintus and I must report.
It's time for you to tell the Citizens that Commodus stole the money allocated for defending the German border.  It's time to tell the citizens everything.  Will you write it?
Proximo, we need to talk about my one third... I imagine the betting booths will be doing good business. And, what was the name of that olive oil company?
The Emperor and I are bound by the threads of The Fates.  He was born on August thirty-first, you know.
My birth sign is Water Bearer, twenty-fifth day in the month of Janus.
That's their job, isn't it?  To argue.  So, I think my case will be long on talk and short on action.
My only visits to Rome, Senator, have been through books.  But the war's over, time to close the door of war once and for all.
I've read of it.
I believe we are arriving in an enlightened age; an age of peace that will bring Rome her greatest glory.  Thanks to Marcus Aurelius.
The battle was won, today, and I prefer to believe it was a gift of Janus, the eldest God of Rome.  God of my ancestors.
I hope you live to see what I believe...
The Senate too?
We all know what right is, Senator.
A republican is a man who strives to create equality among all classes.  At the core he's a man who believes in doing what's right.
I would venture, with all respect: the Emperor's health is the business of every soul in the empire.
You don't know how wrong you are.
I need to give you my word when yours is worth nothing?
When the Senate and the Emperor agree miracles can happen.
You're hearing about somebody else.
They can't... if this is Rome...
Fools to let us both live; we'll be our own best witnesses at our trial.
Why you?
Where are they?
He killed his father and then my family...
Would that Marcus had lived.
"But what if I wish to be purple?"
To think I brought my daughters up on all things Roman.  Read to sleep on Catullus, Lucretius... Virgil... every night.  My beautiful daughters.
Twenty years I've led men to die. For me it was the glory of Rome. But that was something.  If it wasn't that, then it was the pay or the loot of the next whore -- but that was something!  These men here are butchered for laughs!  Their lives are like jokes delivered in the back alley theaters where their death is a punch line!
You mean a symbol of someone who doesn't exist.
Yours will do!
I don't believe that.  He's got the best doctor in the world and a will of iron.  You know we're preparing for a full-blown invasion of Germany.
Why do you play at being drunk?
I'm not fit for the job and as a matter of fact I'm not taking the job.
Sneaking around with your brother?
Only from a distance.
No future-telling, please, I've been terrified enough for one day.
I'll do anything in my power to help you restore the Republic but I can't be that power.
They fear me.
Marcus, you honor me, but I'm a soldier, politics scare the hell out of me.
You're too hard on him.  He is a strong young man, with you as his guide...
So I understand.
Commodus is just a young man, he'll learn what you had to learn.
He's like you, sir, too tough for the Gods to swallow.
There's no reason to say that. Everyone knows you're going to be well.  I had Servis groom your horse for a triumphal visit to the front at first light.
I will, Marcus.  But you're going to be well enough to direct it yourself.
The fort helps position us for a final invasion in the spring when they're most vulnerable.
On my honor as your daddy...
As soon as I can.
Don't stop to visit -- take the children straight home and I'll follow as soon as I can.
Much more colorful than the ones we wear.  And, of course, less dented.
Can you stop that slaughter?!  Can you free these men?
Then give the empire back to the people... the children who will grow up to become senators...
Quintus, you've got at least a division with you -- we could take Rome away from Commodus and give it back to the Senate!
It's your job as a Roman officer to disobey such a summons.
You brought the army into Rome.
On his death bed I promised Marcus I would complete our work here.  The Senate may be vacillating, but I have the army behind me.  I'm taking half a cohort and restocking that fort.
Well, they die for it!
Rome is going to pay tribute -- like a defeated nation begging for mercy? Have you told your troops that?
What deal?
Centurions on both sides of the river are convinced the Germans will try one last offensive.  They've got nothing to lose and it's so very like them.
Why don't we try to keep politics out of the conversation.
What the hell was all that about?
Let's hope he doesn't start giving orders.
That's what I'm going to do.  That's what I'm going to do...
They'll have me.  Teach them.  Don't let them become like these ignorant heaps of citizens without history, without philosophy, without meaning. Teach them of the Greeks, the Babylonians, the Hebrews, the Numidians, the Egyptians and the great Romans.  Teach them, who we are!
I'll never die.  You tell the girls that.  You honor our ancestors and I'll be there.  Every night.  At the table of life.
Do you want to see Themis and Manto butchered?  If I die fighting Commodus he won't care about you. If I live I'll come and get you.
How long do you think Commodus will let us live once he's in power?  A month?  Half a year?  Paestum will be a prison where he'll hold us until it's time...
When you get to Ostia, use this -- bribe passage to Africa or Spain. Save my family.  You should be able to find a merchant ship that will take you to Egypt then to Numidia.
What you don't want to imagine is the things I've done.
Me?  Well, I believe in Rome... you'd have to after what I've seen, how people outside the empire treat each other.
Quintus is overly idealistic.
I want to come home, of course I do, I'd have to be mad not to want that. It's just that Marcus trusts me.
I'm a soldier -- we're at war.  I can't stay home tending the damned olive groves?
Very fancy.  Did you design the bottle?
This is our oil from our estates?
If you win, you know, you have to stay.  It's the losers who get to go home.  Besides, I'm not so sure it is over.  Centurions report enemy scouts probing our lines.
I can see that...
Of course...
What about their philosophy lessons?
Greeks?
He's very realistic.
Commodus must hate you.  Free your gladiators and come with us.
I want nothing to do with the arena.
You were a soldier, and then a gladiator, weren't you?
I want another interview with Cos. Tell him to bring plenty of ink.
Before they leave, get gold.
Then get a large cash advance.
No.  Tell them I'll do it.  But I want more posters all over Rome.
They want to dump Tiger and have me endorse their damned chariot, right? They don't waste time...
How much money is involved?
Such nobility from such an ignoble mouth.  Take my advice and make that bet.
Tell me honestly, since this may be our last earthly meeting:  if this were a fair fight where would you put your money?
Pressures on, eh Proximo?  There's got to be a load of money in this. Why else would you toss a red hot commodity like me out the window?
Spend my days beheading country bumpkins?  I don't know, Proximo, who has better wine than you? Besides, I'm beginning to think of the Colosseum as my home.
As, what, 'The Galloping Gladiator?!'
So I pretend I'm dead.  You get gold, what do I get?
What the hell are you talking about, Greek?
Make us rich, Proximo, make us very rich...
Lucky it didn't step on his head.
Proximo, if this is her doctor he's an assassin.
Alive... I'm alive...
What would the poster say: "Narcissus would kill for a taste of Golden Pompeii Olive Oil?"
I didn't get killed and everyone else did.
I'm not a gladiator.  I refuse to fight.
I refuse to be your slave.  I refuse --
Take your hands off me animal!
Death is a very light thing for you.
Thank you.  What is going to happen tomorrow?  Exactly?
Impossible!  Every citizen has a right to trial -- this is Rome!
Condemned?  Aren't I owed a trial before being condemned?
Who the hell are you?
I killed too many barbarians.
