You know there were riots last night.  Now the unrest has started again and Commodus has sent for an army division.  You understand what you are doing...
AGH!  Please!  He's having a secret device constructed for the circus. The brass craftsmen are working overtime.
Cos, what in hades is the emperor up to?  And don't tell me you don't know!
Commodus... he's a gladiator... is he mad?
This is Cos, this precocious young man.  A scribe for the Daily Action.  I've invited him to write a small piece about you...
Are you mad?  With all this unrest the Colosseum will be open day and night!  Anyway, I'm not political, I'm in the entertainment business.
Something else, then.  Do the chariot races interest you?
Let's talk about this later.  Right now we have other things to settle. You and your family will be leaving with a supply ship returning in the morning to Ostia.  From there, Caesar has decreed you be given an estate in Paestum.  It's beautiful; an old Greek town right on the ocean.  Rich soil.  Perhaps we could keep our financial arrangements... although Caesar will give you a sort of pension it's always good to look to the future, keep your hand in the arena... so to speak.
Was I?
So, things change.  The government has moved to the circus.  You're going to fight last.  And Commodus is going to fight first.
I'll do it!  Sure as there's shit in the Tiber we're all going to die, but for you -- anything!
Right, right, what am I thinking of?
Right, right... But they'll have to bring in a lawyer.  I don't want to get sued over this.
Fantastic!  Wonderful!  But posters are very expensive.
I can really rape them on this!  Can I at least tell them you'll think about it?
A great deal.  They designed and build Tiger's chariot...
Oh, shit.  Take your time!  Don't get suckered!  This man is a murderer!  In his career he's killed over a thousand gladiators.  Please, just take the fall!
On you!  Of course!  You are my bravest fighter -- the best fighter I have ever seen!
It's absolutely not like that!  This is for your own good!  Come on get the rest of your armor on!
But -- you have to go out there! I'll give you more than your one third!  When I get paid... just take the fall!  You're too hurt to fight and the man's a killer!
The point is you get to fight the easy country circuit, the small arenas, relax, live the good life!
You get to come alive again in the country!
You put this inside your shirt -- when Tiger stabs your stomach -- it's full of pig's blood.  Gushes out everywhere!  It's really impressive.  Fantastic!  Better than the real thing!
Tiger's challenged you and Jerses has made me an offer, made us both an offer:  you take a fall.
No more bad luck now!  The people are anticipating you!  I have posters up over half the city advertising you as the great warrior -- the true Roman!  The man who fought side by side with the wolf of Rome!
It will be good luck for you to wear that helmet... It belonged to Cimon of Smyrna... he was crushed by an elephant.
Don't be ridiculous.
General, hang on... drink slowly. You are blessed by the Gods to have a physician and a Divine of Janus with you tonight.  A fan sent them to you.
Think about it!  Just think about it!
At the end of the day I was approached by the Golden Pompeii Olive Oil company.  Small, but profitable.  They asked if you would endorse their oil.  We could get some very nice posters.  Make some very big money...
That's one way to look at it.
General, do you realize what happened out there today?
Then, you'll die...  Just, know this:  because you asked I asked:  I'm sorry but...
Legate Narcissus Meridas, general of the Spanish Felix Legions!  I'm proud to have you in my school!  Now, show them what you can do!
-- to fight?  We'll see...
Sorry but I have to get at least one fight out of you otherwise I won't even get back the cost of the bribe I had to pay the arena slaves to get you here.  I know what you're trying to do:  kill yourself and trust in the Roman tradition of justice that the emperor will let your family survive and keep their lands.  The only thing you have accomplishes is to prove you're a very important individual.  You make me feel good about my investment!  And that puking pig Jerses -- he won't even discuss you.  Both of you have clamped mouths!  But I love all my fighters -- I'll find out about your family.  And about you.  That I promise.
Chain him.
Death is... everything for me.  Now you have to go to your cell, and I to dicker with Jerses... you'll be fed well.  I want you to be fit as you can be; I want you to win for me tomorrow!  I want all my gladiators to win and be happy!  Besides, I've never owned a Roman general before.
You are to be killed, exactly. They'll give you a sporting chance, but just enough to make your murder... entertaining.  Romans like to mix their metaphors:  laughter with their executions, you know?  If you survive, though, you will become a gladiator.  A gladiator at least gets a fair fight.
General, all I know is you have been condemned to the Colosseum, and a trial is nowhere to be seen.
I am the man who might save your life -- give you a bit more life at any rate.  I am Proximo Palindromos head of this gladiatorial school which is named after me.  I own this school and everything that's in it.  You're in it!  But why?  What did a Roman general do to get himself condemned to the Colosseum? Understand, we usually get corn thieves and pick pockets.  Please, I separated you from the others because...  ... my nose tells me you've been condemned for important reasons.
I'm a Greek, thank you.  And I was brought up believing Romans were the barbarians.  Give our new colleague some of the Cretan white.  Relax, tell me everything, I'm your friend.
You're a legate in the Roman army. Huh...?  and you act like one. What was your crime?
