You're not going in there -- !
Are you out of your Vulcan mind? No human can tolerate the radiation loose in there!
Would you like to tell me whose are the <u>right</u> hands, my cold-blooded friend? Are you in favor of these experiments?
Not anymore! Now you can do both at the same time! According to myth, the earth was created in six days. Watch out: here comes Genesis; we'll do it for you in six minutes --
It's new -- have you any idea what you're saying?
But dear Lord, are we intelligent enough to -- Suppose, this thing were used where life already exists?
You okay, Jim? How do you feel?
I'm taking this bunch to sick bay.
Until now.
Lieutenant, you are looking at the only Starfleet cadet who ever beat the no-win scenario --
It's like the Garden of Eden...
How can you think of food at a time like this?
But what if they went -- nowhere?
Go? <u>Where</u> are we going?
This one looks like a Steward. They're not warm, but rigor hasn't set in. This didn't happen all that long ago, Jim.
I can spare me...
Khan could be down there!
There may still be time... you gave as good as you got.
Doctors lose patients sometimes. Damn. I'm <u>still</u> in the dark: How'd he know about Genesis?
I've got the sick bay ready. Will someone please tell me what is going on?
It never rains but when it pours --
What about the rest of the inspection, Admiral?
Shore leave, Admiral.
I'm your doctor and I'm your friend, Jim. Get back your command. Get it back before you really do grow old. Before you turn into part of this collection.
From yourself, Admiral.
Bull. You're hiding -- hiding behind the rules and regulations --
What DO you want? Damn it, why isn't there a girl here? You know this has nothing to do with age. This is about you flying a goddamn computer console when you wanna be out hopping Galaxies.
Damn it, Jim, what the hell's the matter? Other people have birthdays. Why're we treating yours like a funeral?
Say thank you.
Slide them down your nose. Now look at me over the top. And you read printed matter through the bottom.
Exactly. Happy birthday.
For your eyes. For most patients of your age, I generally administer Retlax Five to restore flexibility of the lens.
Four hundred years old. You don't find many with the lens still intact.
More antiques for your collection -- Cheers!
Takes the stuff a while to ferment. Gimme.
I only use it for medicinal purposes. Don't be a pring...
'Beware Romulans bearing gifts.' Happy Birthday...
Wouldn't it be easier to put an experienced crew back on the ship?
That's all you have to say?
