I'm afraid I can't stop to discuss this logically --
But, as you are so fond of observing, Doctor, I'm not human.
I don't dispute that in the wrong hands --
I was not attempting to evaluate its moral implications, Doctor. As a matter of cosmic history, it has always been easier to destroy than to create --
It would destroy such life in favor of its new matrix --
I have been -- and always will be -- your friend... Live. Long. And. Prosper.
I never took the <u>Kobayashi Maru</u> test -- until now. What do you think of my solution?
Or the one.
The ship -- out of danger?
He's intelligent, but not experienced. His pattern indicates two dimensional thinking...
Sporadic energy readings port side, aft. Could be an impulse turn.
Admiral, they're reducing speed.
Estimating nebula penetration in two minutes. Reliant is closing.
I think we can guarantee she'll follow us, Mr. Saavik. Remind me to explain to you the concept of human ego.
She can out-run us and out-gun us. But there is the Mutara Nebula at 153 mark four.
Best we could do in two hours.
Not much, Admiral. We have partial main power...
Be careful, Jim...
Aye sir --
A distinct possibility.
Regula is class "D'. It consists of various remarkable ores. Essentially, a great rock in space.
Affirmative, Admiral.
Scanners and sensors still inoperative. There's no way to tell what's  inside the station.
Let's hope he hasn't changed the combination. He's quite intelligent...
The prefix code is 16309. All commands from each Starship bridge are relayed electronically; each ship has its own prefix combination code...
The prefix code?
Admiral, you can't give him Genesis...
Not enough against their shields.
Too late --
One thing is certain; we cannot escape on auxiliary power.
They knew just where to hit us.
Their coil emissions are normal... Wait: their shields are going up. They're locking phasers -- !
It would explain a great many things --
What's she doing here?
Really, Dr. McCoy; you cannot ban the acquisition of knowledge because you distrust the moral implications of what you learn. Logic suggests --
Have they proceeded with their experiments?
It literally is Genesis...
Carol Marcus --
It might help my analysis if I knew what Genesis was.
Twelve hours and forty-three minutes, present speed.
There are two possibilities, sir they are unwilling to respond, they are unable to respond.
I'd best talk with Mr. Scott, first so that he may, in his own words, explain the situation to his cadets.
That is wise. In any case, were I to invoke logic, logic clearly dictates that the needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few.
I was going to remind you of nothing, least of all that which you know well.  Your mistake, if I may be so bold, was promotion. Commanding a Starship is your first best destiny. Anything else is a waste of material.
You proceed from a false assumption. I am a Vulcan. I have no ego to bruise.
Excuse my presumption, but I do not agree. As a teacher on a training mission, I am content to command a Starship. If we are to go on actual duty, it is clear that the senior officer aboard must assume command.
Like all living beings, Admiral each according to his gifts. The ship is yours.
Regula I is a scientific research laboratory, if memory serves...
There's a first time for everything, Admiral.
Welcome aboard, Admiral. I believe you know my trainee crew. Certainly they have come to know you.
The Enterprise. I must check in before your inspection. And you?
None of which I am consciously aware -- except, of course, happy birthday -- surely the best of times.
I know of your fondness for antiques.
She's half Romulan, Jim. The admixture makes her more volatile than -- me, for example.
Yours was not a solution which would have occurred to a Vulcan mentality.
The <u>Kobayshi Maru</u> scenario frequently wreaks havoc with students and equipment.  As I recall you took the test three times yourself. Your final solution was, shall we say, unique?
I am understandably curious.
I exaggerated.
Certainly...
Lieutenant, the Admiral is aware of the Regulations.
Take her out, Mr. Saavik.
Lieutenant, how many times have you piloted a Starship out of Spacedock?
Thank you, Mr. Saavik.
Very well, Mr. Saavik, clear all moorings.
We can't all be perfect, Saavik. You must control your prejudices and remember that as a Vulcan as well as a Romulan you are forever a stranger in an alien land. Around you are humans, and as a member of the Starfleet you are unlikely ever to escape their presence or their influence. You must learn to tolerance in addition to all else I have taught you. Tolerance is logical.
What did you expect, Lieutenant?
No power to the weapons system, sir.
