Jake, you're very disturbed. You're crazy. That's her father.
Take it easy, take it easy, it was an accident.
Gittes, stay outta this.
I'm sorry, Mrs. Mulwray.
Mrs. Mulwray, it's a very serious offense pointing that at an officer of the law. It's a felony.
Mrs. Mulwray, you don't want to run around like that.
Give you three minutes.
You never learn, do you, Gittes?
Well, let's go.
That's it?
Tell us about it on the way to Pedro.
If she's not there, you're going downtown, and you're staying there til she shows up.
No, Gittes, you'll show us.
What's the maid's address?
Where?
I don't suppose you got any idea Where she went?
Shut up.  Go on.
Too late for what?
What are you talking about?
And why's that?
I want those photographs, Gittes. We're talking about accessory after the fact, conspiracy, and extortion. Minimum.
Yeah, I once knew a whore who for enough money would piss in a customer's face, but she'd never shit on his chest. That's where she drew the line.
Absolutely.
You were following him night and day. You saw who killed him. You even took pictures of it. It was Evelyn Mulwray. She's been paying you off like a slot machine ever since her husband died.
C'mon, you think you're dealing with a bunch of assholes? Mulwray had salt water in his goddam lungs! Now how did he get that... in a fresh water reservoir?
Yeah. Somebody wanted to shake down Mulwray, she hired you, and that's how you happen to know Mulwray was murdered.
This broad hired you, Gittes, not Evelyn Mulwray.
I want the rest of the pictures.
You really think I'm stupid, don't you, Gittes?
How did she...  ...happen to have them?
Just to be on the safe side, we had Loach here give you a ring.
Isn't that your number?
Let me show you something.
How do you happen to know her?
What are you doing here?
When I do, you'll hear about it.
No, he drowned a cousin of mine with about five hundred other people. But they weren't very important, just a bunch of dumb Mexicans living by a dam. Now beat it, Gittes, you don't come out of this smelling like a rose, you know.
No. It was an accident.
I don't want it anymore.
Or her name?
You wouldn't happen to know the present whereabouts of the young woman.
You're welcome to try. There he is.
Oh yes.
Who?
Uh-huh. So what are you doing here?
Since I made Lieutenant.
You're behind the times, Jake. They've got steam irons now.  And I'm out of Chinatown.
Well, sometimes it takes a while for a man to find himself and I guess you have.
You've done well by yourself.
How'd you get past the guards?
Yeah, they are.
I have a cold I can't seem to shake but other than that, I'm fine.
Hello, Jake.
I don't think so, Mrs. Mulwray. Of course you have my deepest sympathy and if we need anymore information, we'll be in touch.
Mr. Gittes.
But I thought you'd hired a private investigator.
A complete surprise?
You and your husband never discussed her?
Do you know where she might be?
Mrs. Mulwray, do you happen to know the name of the young woman in question?
But there is no possibility he would have taken his own life?
Obviously the fall must have knocked him out.
It looks like he was washed the entire length of the runoff channel. Could he swim?
