But I can't leave with you.  I won't make it.
Oh, right away.  That's why you never saw me with anyone.  You should've noticed that.  I miss him, though. I think I made a mistake.
I won't be making the trip.
You do, you don't.  She's willing to give her life, you're willing to give yours, it's touching and magnificent, anything you want but -- this isn't the place for it.  Don't you see?  No, you don't.
You'll see her die, that's all. They're mortal, despite what she told you.  She will die.  Then what will you do?
Who are you trying to please? Yourself?  Her?  Which her, this one or that one.  Can you face both?  We are in a situation that is beyond morality.  So: Leave with her.  You'll see the transformation.
Maybe she doesn't need any.  Should we check?
Kelvin, she'll disintegrate.  You don't believe me?  Let's radio that shuttle pod you launched -- better yet, let's go get it.  I've charted it's trajectory, only take a few hours...
What do you want to do, leave the station with her?
What plan?
What do you want?
She knows everything?  Does she know she came once before and you put her in --
Oh, this one you love?  What about the first one, the one you fucked and then put into a rocket and blasted into space?  You didn't love her?
Why do you think she hasn't suggested that?  It's the most obvious solution: Escape.  She knows she can't leave here --
What happened?
That's right.  And we all have to sleep, eventually.
But they are human.  They certainly become human with incredible speed. First they're like they were in our memory, but then they fill in on their own.  DNA doesn't determine the hundreds of trillions of connections that occur in the brain, it's not dense enough.  They build up with experience.
Perhaps it did.
Well, I think we're reaching the point of diminishing returns here, right?  Certainly it's learning more about us than we'll ever learn about it.
Of course, when we return, we'll be regarded as lunatics if we tell the truth.  We'll chalk it up to isolation, collective derangement.
We can liquidate the station.  Take the Athena back.
Who are you trying to convince?
Stop equivocating!  Unbelievable, how you equivocate!  You, the atheist, you're more dogmatic than any holy person I've ever seen!  This is happening, Kelvin.  Wake up.
If God is beyond our comprehension, and she --  -- is here for reasons that can't be understood, isn't God here?
You're unnerved because you've spent your whole life thinking nobody is looking over you, and suddenly your subconscious is an open book.  We are, for the first time, experiencing changes in natural reality by a force not our own.  That proves that --
I'm just trying to find an explanation for the continual reappearances.
Just a little strategy session.  But in person this time.
Can you meet me and Sartorius on B deck in an hour?
Kelvin, you awake?
That's ludicrous.  This is contact. We have found God.  The only issue is figuring out how to prove this in a way that will make sense back on Earth.  So how will we describe it, if we choose to describe it at all?
An enormous amount of money changed hands to get control of this project. We are in little danger of being left alone for long.  You'll need to do something. Otherwise they'll be sending someone out to recover you.
What are you going to report back to Earth?
What will you say?
Told you what?
Probably.
It started about three months ago. Right after the government sold the expedition.  We were ready to go home.
She has materialized from your memory of her.  What was her name?
Dead?
I'm not sure.  It started with Gibarian.  He locked himself in his room and refused to talk except through a crack in the door.  He covered the video lens. Obviously we thought he was having a nervous breakdown.  I don't know why he didn't tell us he had somebody in there.  By this time, we were getting visitors, too.  He was desperately trying to figure it out.  Day and night.  Who was she?
Personally, I think it's God.  At least, it fits my definition.
I told you, try to stay calm.  You're supposed to be the psychologist of the bunch.
Was her breakfast conversation that bad?
Well, when you do go to sleep: barricade your door.
How long can you go without sleep?
How much sleep do you need?
Oh, that's a relief.
Who was it?
Why, who did you see?
Kelvin, if you see anything unusual...
In his lab.  He won't let you in.
I can't talk just now.  I'm too tired.
I love chocolate.  I realized just yesterday how much I love it.  I thought maybe, if they let you bring personal effects, you might have snuck some through, because... well, I've been thinking about it.
You didn't bring any chocolate, did you?
He's dead.
You go ahead.  Of what I remember about Earth... it's all one thing now.  Everything's a blur.  I like distinctions.
I got rid of him.  I wanted to see if... I wanted to be the only one. I wanted to be Snow.
I'm not Snow.
Gibarian was under enormous --
Are the actions of Solaris premeditated?
And when a given situation no longer corresponds to the normal faculties of the... original, the visitor suffers some sort of disconnected consciousness.
It's an experiment.
We want to talk freely.
He won't.
He won't do it.
