Ben, I've been crunching the numbers on the machine. I think if we can rework the power settings...
Time for your lesson, Vic. Chem 101: what happens when you supercool hot metal...?  Ben...
Ben, I don't know if this thing'll change us back or make us worse. I need you to be patient for a little while longe--
We're working as hard as we can --
Ben --
This isn't permanent, Johnny. We need to be careful until we're normal again.
O-kay. We'll skip that question.
Ben, I'm afraid I've got to ask --
Okay. I've uh, got some questions, from Sue. That she thought might be better coming from me... Can you, you know, go to the bathroom... like normal...
If we're going to identify the source of the mutation, we need to isolate your recombinant DNA so we can activate positional genomes.
We had a tough year.
Ben. Are you okay?
Are you alright?
He's smart, powerful, successful --
What? Come on. She's got a good thing with Victor --
Yeah, you and Debbie and perfect --
I should have done more, run more tests --
I don't know. I just keep going over and over the numbers.
Three days. I was worried about you. How are you feeling?
Ben. This is serious. Turn around.
The shields on the station should protect us.
Victor's better at these things.
He's made a few changes.
I had it at four.
When have I asked you to do something you absolutely said you could not do?
I'm sure he's matured since then.
Youthful high spirits.
External SRBs, orbital system engines. Its just like the shuttles you flew in --
We got what we wanted. That's enough.
Ben, think about all the people we can help if this works --
Ben, the money's not important. We could save lives.
Ben. This is business. Just work.
He's financed some of the biggest breakthroughs of this century.
This wasn't our first stop, in case you forgot NASA. And Victor's not that bad. He's just a little...  Larger than life.
Now.
Johnny. SUPERNOVA.
A higher calling like getting girls and making money?
You need to control yourself and think before you --
That's what I'm trying to calculate. And it's not rubber. It's muscle, tendon. I seem to have the ability to manipulate the malleability of my molecular structure and redistribute my density to --
They're not costumes.
What? No. I'm trying to figure out why we each ended up with different symptoms.
Is there something about flames? About flaming, that you --
Not only could you kill yourself, but you could set fire to Earth's atmosphere and destroy all human life as we know it.
Back it down, Johnny!
...and figure out how to reverse them. Let me show you to your rooms.
We should stay here until we can define the extent of our changes...
Oh, it is.
Ben Grimm is a genuine American hero who's been through a terrible orde--
You've been working out.
Ben, are you there?
The cloud has fundamentally altered our DNA.
He's not responsive --
Victor's right. Johnny, get to the command center. Close the shields.
I found a broken gasket, from space --
Sue, I need some of that anger, rage, frustration --
The power... I need... more power... to control... the storm --
I can... make it work.
Why didn't you say something?
You always talked about how you liked the kind of man who could approach you... speak his mind. One who wasn't afraid to tell you what he wanted.
You know, I bribed the projectionist ten bucks to keep it open late?
You were?
I could get Ben to tap into the Baxter's main power to generate enough voltage --
I'm not the only one in there. I got you, Vic, Ben, Johnny, all rattling around in there.
Which is why I'm working twenty hours a day, checking every variable --
He was going to take away all my data, equipment --
No way to know. Without more tests, experiments.
With the right energy, we can stabilize the storm. Maybe tie into the city grid...
Of course. Of course.
Curing countless diseases, not just ours.
If we can build a machine to re-create the storm, we can reverse the polarity --
The plants, from space. Their particles are still charged. With the right amount of energy, those ions could create the elemental profile of the cosmic storm.
There were a lot of variables to consider --
I think it was a little more complicated than --
No, I distinctly remember: you walked out my door. Ergo...
I mean, you broke up with me, right?
What in the world would give me that idea?
Okay. Is there any way to duplicate that feeling? Some memory or...
I'm saying, if you had a little more self control, you could locate the trigger. Can you remember the exact emotions when --
You should be able to bend light around other objects, even people, if you could control your emotional state better --
It's not "invisibility" per se. You're bending the light around you with some kind of malleable force field. That's what you projected on the Bridge.
That's what we're here to find out.
Sue. Your clothes. Lose them.
We need to get past them.
Let's not jump to conclusions, we need a massive amount of evidence before making that leap.
Sue... look at your hands.
Uh, Sue...? I can't.
For science.
Passion.
I can tell you guys are enjoying what was the best part of our relationship --
That's good. That's uh... good.
Feeling better?
Material made from self-regulating unstable molecules. I've been working on a formula for this.
As far as crew, I was hoping Ben could pilot the mission --
I, uh, think I remember the number.
Well, uh, based on our history... you can handle the biogenetics, and I'll focus on the molecular physics. Or, uhm, maybe I should take the biotech, you work the microscopes, since you have some background in electropho--
Those solar winds are flaring, but I factored them into my coordinates and --
You're, you've, I mean, how have you bee--
But I'm not done with the machine --
What are you doing here?
Victor, if we could understand what happened to us --
I ruined? With all due respect, I told you to abort --
Not much. We need to run tests to see the extent of the damage.
He's had some kind of... reaction to exposure from the cloud. And he's not the only one.
Ben did this.
Not until Ben is back inside!
Come on, Ben, come on...
Ben's still out there --
We've got minutes until it hits, not hours... Victor, that storm's deadly -- the radiation's lethal. We need to abort.
Sure.
Hilarious.
You back this mission, and I'll sign over a fair percentage of any applications or --
Not at all.
You remember in school we talked about working together. That's what I was about to explain...
