He couldn't generate enough power for the machine to reach critical mass. Yet another mistake for "Mr. Fantastic."
He also said we'd avoid that storm in space. And we know how that turned out.
To help you. I've run every test known to man. And they all yield the same result: the machine is ready.
Where do you think? With Sue.
Ben, come in.
Come on. Let me buy you something to eat. Looks like you could use the company.
I'm worried about you.
That's terrible news...
What?
What do you mean "complete"?
Like the shields Reed said would protect us.  How long?
And they're changing into...
Front page?
Make sure you find Ben, bring him back here. And keep it quiet. I don't need this to hit the press.
That's why. Because I could have any other woman... You know, when they asked Caesar "why England," he said, "because it's not mine."
Later. First, I've got some unfinished business. A deal that needs closing...
And that's a good thing?
Get me on the AM shows, Larry King, cover of the Journal...  I've got to do something about this scar. Make sure they only shoot my right side.
Reed's disaster. You know, I half- think he did this to me on purpose.
How's the IPO?
Leonard, how's the feed?
History, Leonard. History. Everything else is conversation...  How's the other matter?
It's not just the money. I could make money in my sleep.
Showtime.
Reed's always right. Good thing he doesn't always know what he's got...
If Reed's right, then this little trip will double our stock offering.
Which is precisely the point. Analysis is over. It's time for action. My men could have mass-produced this by now.
What I should have done a long time ago. Applications and patents, Reed. This all belongs to me.
I don't want to understand it. This isn't one of your science projects. I just want to fix it. Fast!
Abort? Reed, I put my company, my name, billions of dollars on the line, and I will not let you make me look like a fool --
Didn't go as planned? It was a catastrophe. You ruined the lives of four people --
I'm starting to wonder the same thing... How much do you know about what happened to you?
Ben did this?
Just a little banged up. A couple scrapes. Why?
It's too late for him, and soon it'll be too late for all of us.
Reed, we're running out of time.
So reel him in. But we came here to do a job. So let's do it. Quickly.
Get a grip. Reed. We didn't come all this way to lose our nerve at the first little glitch. Just close the shields...
Got it. So take a walk, Ben... I'm going to borrow Susan for a second.
Funny how things turn out, isn't it?
The number's seventy-five. And it's applications and patents.
This isn't going to be a problem, is it?
But dreams don't pay the bills, do they?  Same old Reed, the hopeless optimist. Still reaching for the stars, with the world on your back.
Oh, I think you already have.
Then why is Reed dragging his feet? Maybe he likes having his prize specimen under glass...  It's ironic, isn't it? You're finally the perfect woman for him... because you're his science project.
Same old Reed. All analysis, no action. Wasn't that the problem with you two?
Susan. What are you doing?
It is. There's something we need to talk about. Something I need to ask you...
Please, no apologies. I've arranged for your things to be moved to one of my condos. You'll have round-the clock care.
I told you, I'm fine. It's you I'm worried about.
Just find him.
What's going on?
Raising the shields.
Sue, I've lived my life unafraid of taking big steps. And this is the biggest step yet. If it helps, think of this as a promotion. A merger of sorts...  Four little words that can change our lives...
Right, of course, the company... But you see, I've come to realize all the accomplishments in the world mean nothing without someone to share them with --
Well, when you're looking at your future, it never hurts to find closure about the past.
Surprised I agreed to Reed's proposal?
I think you both know my Director of Genetic Research, Susan Storm.
For your sake I hope you're right. I'm sorry if that sounds a little skeptical.
I'm just saying, I know what it's like to lose something you love. To see it slip away, and know it's never coming back.
I know it can't be easy. Life hasn't changed that much for Reed, Sue and Johnny. At least they can go out in public. But for you? People staring. Whispering behind your back...
