Oh really -- I don't think so.  Uh, Amber, I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but rules state that a costume must be okay'd at least a week in advance. And this...  This is why we have the rule. My goodness gracious, I couldn't allow a neckline this low on stage. We have kids in the audience.
Huh?
Oh, yeah, sure. You know, every pageant is special, but this one is extra-special to me. When I was seventeen, I don't know if you know this, but I was crowned Mount Rose's American Teen Princess. And this year... drum roll please, my lovely daughter, Rebecca Ann Leeman is competin'.
Listen, little missy, this cost your dad a pretty penny. Now get your ass up there and show me some teeth.
Oh for chrissakes, everything smells like that in Mexico.
C'mon, Rebecca, you wanted it. Now get up there. Ride it side-saddle if you have to -- like a horse. C'mon, now.
She's the winner and we're going to state.
"Can I? I'm Amer-I-Can!" People ask me where I get this. I don't know, it's... maybe a gift from God or somethin'.
"U.S.A. is A-okay."
Last year? It was, "Buy American."
Oh yah-sure, I know what some of your big city, no bra wearin', hairy- legged women's libbers say, "Pageants are old-fashioned" and, uh, and "demeaning" to the girls --
Let go! Let go of me. Oh my God, it's COPS!
Becky was my only shot at state!
Guess it wasn't a garage sale as much as it was a bake sale. Ah- hahahahahahahaha!
Hey, Ted, sorry. I didn't know your family was in the garage when I set it on fire!
Hey! Turn that float around. You think a swan's gonna swim ass first up Main Street?
Sammy Davis, Jr., honey.
Lester?
We're not in the showroom, Dear.
Oh, Lester. He loves his weather, y'know.
I swear to God she can't do anything by herself.
This is -- what?
What!
Okay, I designed the float, you know. And, what's gonna happen here is that this is going to look like a glistening lake beneath the swan.
Number one, American Teen Princess' don't cross their legs like streetwalkers.
So, remember the three most important parts of a good interview...
You know that sometimes it's hard to understand God's great plan.
Well, you know, I think everyone's doing really well considering the fact that she was so young.
"Proud... to be... an... American."
I said I'd move if a cripple came. Let's just run in the store and pick out some outfits.
You'd think they'd build the parking lot of America to go with the Mall of America!
Iris, stop!  It's not his fault. The communal wine just proves too temptin' for some of them.
Oh, my!  Hello, Father Donigan! Sidewalks, sidewalks?
Y'betcha, Iris. We still need a third judge and we need to think of a theme.
...Today's "To Do" list includes a trip to the Mall of America. We need outfits for the "Physical Fitness" number --
...that filth is better left in the "Sin Cities."
