Ebby Calvin Nuke LaLoosh--don't think too much.
Neither will I.
Well I guess this is it.
That's great!
It's Skip, for you.
--but you're father's in there!
So am I.  Nuke, honey, we need to talk--
You don't have to...
Oh--won't YOU come in?
it's okay..
He did?
What'd he say?
Nuke!  You got things all wrong! There's no relation between sex and baseball.  Ask Crash.
Cute?!  I hate cute!  Baby ducks are cute!  I wanta be exotic and mysterious!
Of course I'm seducing you for Godsakes, and I'm doing a damn poor job of it--  Aren't I pretty?
I'm trying to play with your body!
Oh...  Crash is a very smart man.  Now c'mon, honey, give it a try.
What a nasty thing to say.
Yes I do...
Sure.  Unsnap my stockings.
I figure we could work on some fundamentals even if we don't make love.
That's my leg.
I'm not gonna try to seduce you, sweetie...
I'll tuck you in.
How 'bout a back rub?
I'm so proud of you and all the guys.  Want some more soup?
Ebby Calvin "Nuke" LaLoosh--
Get over here.
Nuke?!
Now don't go overboard, I look incredibly hot, right?
Breathing through your pingala always works, honey--
I'm yours.
Yes.  And so is birth.  Now look me in the eyes, Nuke--  You haven't been wearing my panties, have you?
Oh don't be silly.  Death is nothing to be scared of.  It's just another way of living.  It's just a fresh start--kinda like spring training.
It's all the same thing.
Much better.  Your delivery was fully integrated because you weren't thinking about it 'cause you were pissed off at me.  This is progress.
A little better.
He's handled a lotta pitchers whose records were better than one and six.
You're patronizing me!  I will not be patronized--
Right.  Okay, fire a couple in there.
The pingala is the nostril used for throwing a baseball.  And if you discover before a game you're in the wrong nostril, it's easy to switch.
The ida originates at the right testicle and terminates at the left nostril.
There are two important psychic conduits called the "pingala" and the "ida".  The pingala starts with the left testicle  and ends at the right nostril.
The right nostril.  Good.
Just do what I say.  Now, which nostril are you breathing through?
Good.  Total exhaustion can be spiritually fabulous.  Let's play catch.
What is this "I, I, I" stuff? You only talk about yourself? Aren't you glad to see me?  Don't I look nice?
They did when they were in the Carolina League.
You've been pitching out of the wrong side of your brain.  These'll help move things to the right side.
They'll fit snugly against your balls in such a wonderful way that you'll start seeing things differently--plus they'll remind you of me which is better than thinking about those nasty hitters.
I want you to wear these on the road trip when you pitch.
There is a lot of things you never thought of, sweetie--now get some rest for tonight's game.
Y'know if you make it to the Bigs you could still become the host of Dance Fever.  Baseball's a good stepping stone for things like that.
You can learn to like it.
You see how nice things are when we go slow?
Would you rather me be making love to him, using your name, or making love to you, using his name?
Honey, don't ever listen to a woman when she's making love. They'll say the strangest things.
I didn't say "Crash".  I said Nuke.
We all deserve to wear white.
No, no--I'm fine.  Millie, how much time did you and Jimmy spend together before he proposed?
Omigawd, honey, I'm so happy for you.
Well let's get down to it, honey-- how was he?
That's better.  Got the radar ready?
You didn't get "lured".  Women never get lured.  They're too strong and powerful for that. Now say it--"I didn't get lured and I will take responsibility for my actions".
--Millie, you've got to stay out of the clubhouse.  It'll just get everybody in trouble.
I can do that, too.
What?
You'd be great, just great...  'Cause you understand non-linear thinking even though it seems like baseball is a linear game 'cause of the lines and the box scores an'  all--but the fact is that there's a spacious-"non-time kind of time" to it...
Not yet.  It takes years of practice...
Salem, Massachusetts?  Where all the witches were?
I'm quitting too.  Boys, not baseball.
What happened?
It doesn't work like that.  God, you're gorgeous.  Want to dance?
...  so you see in a former lifetime I'm sure that I was Alexandria, the Czarette of Russia? What do you think?
I heard already.
Whatta you mean "why not"?  Are you gonna play forever?!
Well...I used to think that wasn't the worst thing in the world to look forward to.  Lately I'm not so sure.
No.
It's true, It's true!  Least it used to be true.  It ain't possible that baseball's not enough anymore, is it, Crash?
If you know where home plate is, then you know where 1st base is, and 2nd, and everything else-- 'cause they're always in the same place in relation to home.  Don't you see?  If you know where home plate is, then you know where everything else in the universe is!
Thurman Munson.  He was covered with dirt and he was fighting with everybody--it was beautiful ...  And he called the ump a cocksucker and got thrown out of the game even though it was an exhibition!  So I stayed in the bleachers all spring and gradually came to understand what's so great about baseball.
I crossed the street--it was the New York Yankees spring training field--tok, tok, tok, was the sound of a ball hitting a bat-- and I sat in the warm bleachers to think about my mother...  And I saw him.
I was raised in a Baptist church got dipped in the water when I was 5-- born again before kindergarten...by the time I was 10 I knew it was bullshit and at 15 I ran away from home...
God damn you--what is happening? Is there no man who'll have me?  This is the weirdest season I ever saw--the Durham Bulls can't lose and I can't get laid!
I said when I think about you, I get wet.
I'm ready for a complicated man.
Crash, I get wet just thinking about you.
I don't imagine there's much I could teach you.
I teach part time at the Junior College.  What if I told you I was through with Nuke?  He learned his lessons quickly and left me.
I want you desperately!
He won't make love to me anymore.
I want to be had.
Don't you think I'm pretty?
He' s confused--
Crash...I want you.
I'm not a real batter.  I'm a woman.
You got me all confused.
Despite my love of weird metaphysics and my rejection of most Judao-Christian ethics, I am, within the framework of a baseball season, monogamous.
Damn.
Oh no, I think it'd be great! The Sporting News should know about it.
Why not?  If you hit twenty homers this year you'll be the all time minor league champ!  The record's
But they're nice hips.  I looked up your records-- You've hit 227 home runs in the minors. That's great!
Damn.
Young men are uncomplicated.  And he's not "dim".  He's just inexperienced.  My job is to give him "life-wisdom" and help him make it to the major leagues.
I'm committed to Nuke for the season.  You had your chance the other night.
But you were pulling your hips last night.
I think Thomas Pynchon's a genius.
See my hips?
I'm not interested yet.
Wait, Crash--don't go--all I want is a date.  I'm not gonna fall in love with you or nothin'.
Oh my...  Don't leave...
What do you believe in?
Actually none of us on this planet ever really choose each other. It's all Quantum Physics and molecular attraction.  There are laws we don't understand that bring us together and break us apart.
These are the ground rules.  I hook up with one guy a season-- I mean it takes me a couple of weeks to pick the guy--kinda my own spring training...  And, well, you two are the most promising prospects of the season so far.  So...  I thought we should get to know each other.
Crash, I didn't think you--
I don't trust a man who don't dance.  It ain't natural.
Annie Savoy.  Wanta dance?
Oh no--he's shaking off the sign, Jackson.  Big mistake...
He looks wonderful, Jackson...
That's not necessary, Jackson---  Okay, Nuke, now lean in for the sign.
Oh dear....easy honey...
It says he's not bending his back on his follow-through.
Take this to Ebby in the dugout between innings.
He looks great, just great!
Three-fourteen?  Hmmm...  Look't those thighs, Jackson
Number twenty-two's thighs are just great.  Who's he?
She will, Mr.  LaLoosh, she will ...
Oh let's not...
Praise the Lord, eh?
He's a good student.
Uh oh...  Can I offer you some coffee?
Shh, shh...  "They will not let me off till I go with them, respond to them, and discorrupt them and charge them"
Good--then listen.  "I sing the body electric.  The armies of those I love engirth me and I engirth them--"
Well, he sort of pitches for the Cosmic All-Stars.
Sweetie, have you ever heard of Walt Whitman?
You think Dwight Gooden leaves his socks on?
No, no, honey...  first the shoes and socks.
When you know how to make love, you'll know how to pitch.  Shh.  I love this part.
No, no, no.  Put it back on and take it off slowly.
No ballplayer ever said "no" to a date with me.
You're a regular nuclear meltdown, honey--slow down.
Oh both of you, of course...
Well--you boys stopped fighting yet?  Are you pals now?  Good.  I love a little macho male bonding-- I think it's sweet even if it's probably latent homosexuality being "re-channeled" but I believe in "re-channeling" so who cares, right?  Shall we go to my place?
You need a nickname.
You got a live arm there.
