I got a lotta time to hear your theories and I wanta hear every damn one of 'em...but right now I'm tired and I don't wanta think about baseball and I don't wanta think about Quantum Physics...  I don't wanta think about nothing...  I just wanta be.
Annie---
You think I could make it to the Show as a manager?
Yeah...you a witch?
There  might be an opening for a manager at Salem next spring.
I quit.  Hit my dinger and hung 'em up.
How come in former lifetimes, everybody was someone famous?  How come nobody ever says they were Joe Schmo?
I got released.
Why not?
Are you gonna be waking up next to 20 year old ballplayers when you're 60?
It's possible.
I don't know if I'd go that far.
What's so great about baseball?
Who?
Why baseball?
You okay?
Annie, I think you should leave.
--and as soon as we lose a game, he'll be back in your arms.
I thought you wanted an "uncomplicated" boy?
I doubt that.
And now you wanta teach me?
Who are you?  Do you have a job?
And he's right!  A ballplayer on a streak has to respect the streak. They don't happen very often.  You know how hard this game is? If you believe you're playing well because you're getting laid or because you're not getting laid or because you wore red silk panties--then you are!  And I still think Thomas Pynchon is full of shit.
I think of you and the "boy" all the time.
You're gorgeous, God damn it! From the moment I first saw you I knew I had to have you.  I had to have you!
Aren't we all?
Nuke won't go to bed with you, eh?
A batter has two tenths of a second to decide whether to swing--
Well, Annie, your place or mine?
Fact is you're afraid of meeting a guy like me 'cause It might be real so you sabotage it with some bullshit about commitment to a young boy you can boss around--  Great deal.  You get to write self- indulgent little poems all winter about how hard it is to find a man even though you just sent him packing-  So what do you really want?  You wanta be a tragic woman figure wallowing in the bullshit of magic?  Or do you want a guy?
Your place or mine?
Let me.
No.  Please.
247 home runs in the minors would be a dubious honor, if ya think about it.
Don't tell anybody.
You're pulling your hips out.
That's my job too.
What'you see in that guy--he's dim, pretty boy.  a young, wild,
So...Wanta make love?
When you're hitting you shouldn't think about anything but hitting.  But you shouldn't think about it too much.  The trick is to use your brain to not use your brain.
Yep.
I'm not interested in a woman who's interested in that boy.
G'night.
I believe in the soul, the cock, the pussy, the small of a woman's back, the hanging curve ball, high fiber, good scotch, long foreplay, show tunes, and that the novels of Thomas Pynchon are self-indulgent, overrated crap.  I believe that Lee Harvey Oswald acted alone, I believe that there oughtta be a constitutional amendment outlawing astro-turf and the designated hitter, I believe in the "sweet spot", voting every election, soft core pornography, chocolate chip cookies, opening your presents on Christmas morning rather than Christmas eve, and I believe in long, slow, deep, soft, wet kisses that last for 7 days.
After 12 years in the minor leagues, I don't tryout.  Besides-- I don't believe in, Quantum Physics when it comes to matters of the heart...or loins.
Why do you get to choose?  Why don't I get to choose?
I'll learn.  C'mon--
She's dancing with me.
I don't dance.
I'm Crash Davis.
You're a cocksucker!
Beg me again!
Beg me!
You want me to call you a cocksucker?!
You're in the wrong business, Jack--you're Sears-Roebuck material!
You spit on me!
No!  I said It was a cock-sucking call and you can't run me for that!
It was a cocksucking call!
God damn It, Jack, he still ain't touched the plate.
I got him on the knee!
Nuke--  Good luck.
It's the best, Nuke...the absolute fucking best.
I don't need a crazy woman in my life.
No.  Fear and arrogance, you, hayseed, not ignorance!
You will.  Look, Nuke--these Big League hitters are gonna light you up like a pin ball machine for awhile-- don't worry about it.  Be cocky and arrogant even when you're getting beat.  That's the secret.  You gotta play this game with fear and arrogance.
I have been known, on occasion, to howl at the moon.  D'you understand that?
Sorry about last night.
If ya get in a fight with some asshole, never hit his with your pitching hand.  ya might get injured.  That's another lesson for ya--now quit fucking around and help me up.
Good.  Good.  That's terrific...
Nuke...tell me something.  Did you hit me with your right or your left?
You know what the difference Is between hitting .250 and hitting .300?  1 got it figured out.  Twenty-five hits a year in 500 at bats is 50 points.  Okay?  There's 6 months in a season, that's about 25 weeks--you get one extra flare a week--just one--a gork, a ground ball with eyes, a dying quail-- just one more dying quail a week and you're in Yankee Stadium!
Okay, I'll kick your ass there.
Come over here into the light so I can kick your ass.
Why are you a fuck?  'Cause you got talent.  I got brains.  But you got talent! You're God damn left arm is worth a million dollars a year.  All my limbs put together are worth 7 cents a pound--and that's for science and dog meat.
You fuck!
God damn it, you fucking virgin prick--step outside.
C ' mon!
Let go of me!
Then go.
Shut up.  I'm playing.  Oh you won't regret it, young girls don't forget it, lost in their own wilderness ...  But it's all so easy--Just try a little tenderness...
Anybody says anything bad about Millie, I'll break his neck.
What's wrong?
You outta your mind?  If you give in now you might start losing.  Never fuck with a winning streak.
Yep.  So how's Annie?
Write, write--"I just wanta give It my best shot and, Good Lord willing, things'll work out."
Of course.  That's the point.  "I'm just happy to be here and hope I can help the ballclub."
Write this down.  "We gotta play 'em one day at a time."
Learn your cliches.  Study them. Know them.  They're your friends.
It's time you started working on your interviews.
Yep.  He really crushed that dinger, didn't he.  Musta gone 450 feet...damn...
It'll keep the fear of God in the hitters.  Trust me.
I want you to throw this one at the bat rack.
The moment's over.  If this guy starts me off with a breaking ball, I'm going downtown--
Your fastball was up and your curveball was hanging--in the Show they woulda ripped you.
Annie's a smart lady.
I know, I know--I have that dream all the time.  We're almost home.
If he had a good breaking ball, I'd respect the shit outta him.
What?
Party without me.
I won't have to.
Go for it.
I just wanta play everyday despite small nagging injuries--and go home to a woman who appreciates how full of crap I truly am.
By the dozen.  Holiday on Ice, Ice Capades, Ice Follies--  I'm through with one night stands.
Naw...
You could be one of those guys-- but you don't give a fuck, Meat.
Yep.
You don't need a quadraphonic Blaupunkt--you need a curve ball.  In the Show, everybody can hit the fastball.
You got a Hall of Fame arm but you're pissing it away.
A gift.  When you were a baby the gods reached down and turned your left arm into a thunderbolt.
'Cause you don't respect yourself, which is your problem, but you don't respect the game--and that's my problem.  You got a gift.
Gimme that.
I told him.
He did know.
An' he scrambled the son of a bitch.  Having fun yet?
Guy hit the shit outta that one, eh?
Fastball.
Awright, meat, give him your heat.
"To announce your fucking presence with authority"?  This guy's a first ball fastball hitter.  He's looking for heat.
Why you shaking me off?
Shake off the pitch.  Throw what you wanta.
Don't think.
Drive off your back leg.  You pitch with your legs as much as your arms-
Now, Nuke, would I do a thing like that?  Hey kids, this is the great Ebby Calvin "Nuke" LaLoosh.
Yeah, Skip, you wanted to see me?
I don't know.  I haven't caught anything yet.
And where can I go?
I'm too old for this shit.  Why the hell am I back in "A" ball?
The Crash Davis. ) And you, Larry Hockett, should recognize me 'cause five years ago in the Texas League when you were pitching for El Paso and I was hitting cleanup for Shreveport, you hung a curve on an 0-2 pitch of a 3-2 game in bottom of the 8th and I tattooed it over the Goodyear Tire sign, beat you 4-3-- and I got a free wheel alignment from Goodyear.
See ya at the yard, Meat.
It's a damn easy thing to play with.
Shut up--I like this song...  April in Paris, this is a feeling, No one can ever reprieve...
C'mon, Meat.  You can't hit me 'cause you're starting to think about it already, you're starting to think how embarrassing it'll be to miss, how all these people would laugh.  C'mon, Rook--show me that million dollar arm 'cause I'm getting a good idea about the five cent head--
Throw it.  C'mon, right in the chest.
From what I hear you couldn't hit a bull in the ass with a slingshot
Hit me in the chest with this...
Take the first shot at me.
I don't believe in fighting.
Love to--
