Don't worry.
I think I'm ready for the Show.
I won't be needing these anymore.
How can I possibly thank you?
I gotta leave first thing in the morning.
Yeah, Skip, it's me.  Jeez...Jeez...God...Jeez...
Crash says I gotta quit worrying about him--c'mon, honey, we got a lotta catching up to do--
Aw hell, let's have a quickie right here--
I'm starting to understand what you're teaching me.  I mean the panties and the nostrils and all that shit...I mean I'm getting it--
I couldn't dump my old man but maybe later I can sneak away from him...
I'd like you to meet my father.
We lost.
I'll be back when we lose.
He said if I gave in to you I'd start losing again.
I did.
You're exotic and mysterious and cute--that's why I better leave.
I think you're real cute.
I knew it--you're seducing me!
No!  You're playing with my mind!
He didn't mean it nasty.  He said that gettin' lost and disappearing from the face of the earth was sometimes a good thing to do-- especially like that.
Well--he calls it the Bermuda Triangle.  He said a man can get lost in there and never be heard from again.
Crash once called a woman's, uh-- pussy--y'know how the hair kinda makes a "V" shape?--
Fundamentals?
I know what it is.
You can't seduce me.
No, that's okay.  All I need's a little nap.
No, no, it was great.
No.
Just till I lose.
You know what it feels like to throw a three hitter?  We better not fuck.
Not that.  I mean the re-channeling of my sexual energy.  Maybe we shouldn't make love for awhile.
Y'know, Annie, I been thinking if it works for one game, maybe it'll work for a whole buncha games.
Death is like spring training?
God...I think I'm gonna be sick--
I can't keep up with you.  First you say sex is gonna make me a better pitcher--now no sex is gonna do it?!
How ya like that?
Gimme the God damn ball!
How was that?
If I throw too hard I'll hurt the kid.
Switch nostrils?
I'm really beat.  I need some serious "z's"--
My right nostril?
Which nostril am I breathing through?
This in ridiculous.  I'm a pro.
Catch?
Sorry.  You look great.  I'm totally exhausted.
God I'm tired.  What a trip I was lousy.  I was worse than lousy. Everytime I pitched--it was like throwing gasoline on a fire. Kaboom.  I--
Big League pitchers don't use these.
Jesus, Annie, I don't know--
What?
God, I never thought of that.
I wanted to be the host of Dance Fever, somethin' like that...
Mmm, hmmm.  You shoulda seen how many people came to the airport to see me off.  When I got drafted first it was the happiest day of my Father's life.  He likes baseball more than I do...
Yeah maybe you're right.
You said "Crash".
You said "Crash".
You mean Nuke.  You said "Crash".
You too...Meat.
Yeah, thanks for everything.
Maybe you do.  Y'know I'm starting to like this game--baseball's a helluva good way to make a living.
Well, I got Annie all warmed up for ya...  She's just waiting for you to show up, y'know...
I know.  I just like to see you get all worked up.
Fear and ignorance.
No.
Forget it.
What?
My right.
I'll take you back to the hotel.
No.
You're a great catcher.
Why am I a fuck?
C'mon, we got nothin' to fight about.
I don't wanta fight you, I wanta thank you.  Let's have a drink and forget this--
Settle what?
I'm trying to thank you.
I'm going to the Show.
Club's expanding its roster to finish the season--
Hey, guys, I got a game to pitch.
I'm nervous--my old man's here.
She's getting steamed 'cause I'm still re-channeling my sexual energy--maybe I should cave in and sleep with her once just to calm her down.  What'ya think?
"...Good Lord willing, things'll work out."
Jesus.
Boring.
What do I gotta do?
I love winning, Crash, you hear me?  I love It.  Teach me everything.
You told him I was throwing a deuce, right?
You're the boss.
Why?!  I'm finally throwin' the damn thing where I want to.
Hey, I'm cruisin', man--what're you doing out here?!
Can't you let me enjoy the moment?
I was great, eh?
Annie says her panties will keep one side of my brain occupied while I'm on the mound, thus keeping my brain slightly off center, which is where it should be for artists and pitchers.  She also said I should throw whatever pitches you call for.
I was playing naked.
What would you think of a pitcher who wore women's panties?
Can I ask you something?
God--what a Big League move.
If I get laid, you won't tell Annie?
You're weird, man--I want a ice skater real bad.
You're through with one night stands?!  What do you want?
"Naw"?  There's ice skaters coming! You ever made love to an ice skater?
This is from Tony for the rainout. C'mon, man, let's go to the party.
God damn it I'm sick of you calling me "Meat"!  You wanta step outside!
You been in the Majors?
I ain't pissing nothing away--I got a Porsche already.  A 944 with A.C. and a quadraphonic Blaupunkt.
What do I got?
How come you don't like me?
Oh she may get wooly, women do get wooly, because of all the stress...
How?
I'm having a blast.  God, that sucker teed off on it just like he knew I was gonna throw a fastball.
Well, I held it like an egg.
Why's he always call me "Meat"? I'm the guy driving a Porsche.
But he ain't seen my heat--
I wanta throw the heater to announce my presence with authority.
Fun?  What's he know about fun?  Why's he calling for a curveball? I wanta bring heat.
I thought I was--
Hey!  What're you guys doing here-- stealing my girl?
If it makes you and mom feel better, go for it.  I gotta run--
Dad--if my curveball is hanging, God ain't gonna help me.
No.  If I screw up, I wanta do it alone.  I'll call.
I gotta go now, Dad.
I'm Nuke LaLoosh.  With the Bulls.
Looking for Crash Davis.
Jim looking for somebody.
He goes to a whorehouse every night?
They called me up to the Show and I wanta tell Crash goodbye.
Where does he go?
