I have given a great deal of thought to that possibility, and I am prepared to face it.  If it should come to war, and I presume that is what you are alluding to, I would rather have war with the Emperor than my own people.
My dear Caulaincourt, you have no idea of how compromised my own position has become since Tilsit.  I am blamed by the army for the military disaster at Austerlitz and Friedland, by the nobility for ruining their trade with England, by the merchants who must accept French foods at unprofitable prices, and by the nation for allowing Napoleon to dictate Russian policy.
It's a fine thing to establish policies but, when they don't work, they must be reconsidered.  Granted that you have hurt England, but she is still on her feet.  And to seal off her trade with Europe, what has it cost you?  You have had to rule with an iron hand.  You have turned friends into enemies.  And even at that, the result has only been partly effective.  You have never been able to stop the extensive cheating, smuggling and corruption -- even of your own officials.  But I should think the situation in Spain, alone, would give your policy a minus balance.  You have had to commit a quarter of a million of your best troops against the guerrillas, with no victory in sight. And you have given England a dangerous foothold on the Continent, for her armies.
My dear Caulaincourt, agreements can endure only when they allow both sides to live.  Napoleon may believe it is necessary to injure England but, before that, he must realize it is necessary for him to allow his friends to live.  He cannot expect me to tell my nobles they must ruin themselves so that he can bring England to her knees -- and I'm afraid that is what it has come to.
It is a thing entirely unknown in diplomacy, that one government should assume a right to dictate to another, who is upon terms of equality, the conditions on which she should conduct her commerce; and, assuming such a right, second it by threatening language, in case of non-compliance.
General Kutusov, I would like to call a meeting of my cabinet tomorrow morning and have you present this idea to them.  I think it has merit and is worthy of consideration.
What do you think Napoleon will do?
Proceed.
I must confess he would look a bit silly, fighting his way to Moscow and turning right around again.
Well, one thing immediately comes to mind, if what you are saying is true -- he would merely withdraw his army from Moscow and return to Poland for the winter.
Well, that is a very interesting idea, General Kutusov, but I can assure you that Napoleon is no beginner at this.  Whatever analysis you have done on this situation, I am sure that he has gone over the same ground.
Ah, yes -- proceed.
I will accept your assurance, but I'm afraid I don't see your point.
Yes, General Kutusov, I daresay that this has been considered and discussed at great length.  Napoleon would simply spend the winter in Moscow and continue the campaign in the spring.  Another lesser possibility might be to march on St. Petersburg now, although there is some doubt that he has the strength to do this, until he refits his army.
For the sake of your argument, let us say that is correct.
Rostopchin is a fanatic and he is capable of anything -- however, it doesn't affect what we are talking about.  Please go on.
You know, General Kutusov, there is a very strong possibility that the fire was not started by Napoleon's troops but was organized under the orders of Rostopchin's secret police.
Proceed.
General Kutusov, feel free to say whatever you like.
I have decided to accept the principle of a negotiation; the terms are not established.
Very well, General, what is it you wish to say?
I know absolutely nothing of war -- and I am still totally dependent upon my generals.
Ah, my dear Napoleon, sometimes I feel that I am not really an Emperor as you are.
Fascinating!  Tell me, leaving aside the question of grand strategy, for the moment, what would you say is the single most difficult tactical skill to master?
Whatever suggested the idea to you?
I think it's absolutely charming.
And, what a delightful idea!
