I am at your disposal, Your Majesty.
If he withdraws his army in good order, it will be a serious political defeat.  But, if he should be caught on the move, with his army, in the full grip of winter, then it will be a catastrophe.  If Your Majesty can prolong his hopes for a treaty by silence, be deceit, by any means, for another month, thus postponing his departure, then the graves of his army are already dug in the soil of Russia.
I, personally, am convinced that he will withdraw his army from Moscow, and attempt to establish himself in Poland for the winter.  In the end, he will not allow himself to be cut off from Paris.  But I believe that if he is offered any encouragement, by Your Majesty, he will postpone this decision as long as possible. He is a gambler and he will trust to his luck.
If I can presume to go into the Emperor's mind, I believe that he has based his entire campaign strategy on obtaining a peace treaty after the fall of Moscow.  When Vienna fell, there was a peace treaty.  When Berlin fell, another treaty.  That has always been the rules of the game.  But what is he to do now if no treaty is forth- coming?  He knows that beyond Moscow, there is nothing, and that, if he withdraws, there remains only a fall into emptiness.
Perhaps it would be even more serious than that, Your Majesty. His European confederation is held together by some very slender threads.  Your Majesty knows even better than I that Austria and Prussia are very doubtful allies, and the Emperor has reason enough to fear that they will turn on him, at the first sign of weakness.
Your Majesty has grasped the outlines of his problem in much less time than it took me.  This is a crucial point -- and it is a political one, which Your Majesty will be in a far better position to answer than I.  Can Napoleon afford to abandon Moscow without signing even the preliminaries of a peace treaty with you?
I have no doubt that he has, Your Majesty, but does he have any strong moves from which to choose?
The point is that I don't think Napoleon will sit in Moscow until the spring!  I don't think he can afford to.
Forgive me, Your Majesty, I am about to make it.
You have my absolute assurance, Your Majesty, that Napoleon does not have the strength to attack St. Petersburg now -- his army is exhausted and ill-supplied, and he would be defeated if he attempted that.
Well, has Your Majesty considered what Napoleon's alternatives might be, if you simply chose to ignore his note?
The point I was trying to make is that I think it is reasonable to say that Your Majesty would not find himself under unbearable pressure, if he decided to make peace with the Emperor, at least at this time.
I have heard that story but I do not believe it.
But, since the fire, a completely new spirit has been aroused in the nation.  The French have become an army of criminals, against whom Russia must be avenged, against whom she is now prepared to fight to the death.
I believe I am right in saying that, before the fire, the country had grown weary of the war, and there were few who were interested in continuing the battle.
If I may, Your Majesty, I would like to offer a dissenting opinion.
Your Majesty, I have been advised that you have received a letter from Napoleon, offering a peace treaty, and that you have decided to accept it.
I hope you will forgive me, Your Majesty, for requesting an audience at such a late hour, but I have traveled all the way from Moscow to see you, on a matter which cannot wait.
