What do you mean?
Without a doubt, to estimate the enemy's strength on the battlefield. This is something that is only acquired by experience and instinct. At Jena, there were as many opinions about strength of the enemy as there were generals present.  Murat said there were 50,000, preparing to attack.  Berthier said there were no more than 25,000, about to withdraw. "Berthier sees only what is in the open," Murat said.  "But don't forget there is a second force hidden in the forest."  And so it would always go, each of them would judge things according to his own ability, character and state of mind, at the moment.
You can always tell at a glance whether retreating infantry are being pursed by cavalry, because they hurry along and keep turning around and looking back.  When they are retreating before infantry, they merely trudge along, head down.
I shall tell you in the strictest confidence -- when I was a boy, I had a passion for rafts, and never had the opportunity to build one.
I'm glad you like it.
Ah -- you approve?
And, what a great pleasure it is, indeed, to meet you, Alexander.
Our lives, the revolution, my career?
I'm not insulted.
Fair enough.
Are you proposing to transfer command to me?
The numbers are not particularly relevant.  You are not up against soldiers -- this is a mob, and they will run as soon as things become sufficiently unpleasant.
Properly arranged, yes.
You could have them here by daybreak.
Where are they?
Any cannon?
Cavalry?
What forces do you have at your disposal?
Are you serious?
What do you have in mind?
Things are quite serious, I should say.
No, thank you.
I'm sorry, I was at the theater and I didn't receive your note until I returned to my hotel.
May I come to the map?
Yes, with all due respect, I do Citizen Barras.
I did, sir.
What cowardice!  What treason! Joseph has ruined everything.  How could they all lose their heads. They knew I was coming up fast. Victory was just within grasp. Come, come, turn your troops around, General Belliard.
And where is Joseph?
Who sent my wife and son out of Paris?
But who made this treaty?
A treaty?  Don't be ridiculous. What treaty is this?  Who made it? Who has been giving orders?
But where are my wife and son? What's become of them?  Where is Marmont?  Where is Mortier?
Paris has surrendered?!  I don't believe it.
And who is defending Paris?
And where is the army?
Well, Belliard, what's this?  What are you doing here?  Where is the enemy?
I wanted to kiss her, but she didn't want to kiss me... She slipped away, the moment I wanted to take her in my arms.
She was sitting there... and it was as if I had last seen her only the night before... She hadn't changed -- she was still the same -- still completely devoted to me... and she told me we were going to see each other again and, never again, leave each other... She has promised me. Did you see her?
I have just had the most vivid... dream... about Josephine.
Who is there?
I suppose I might blame her for opening her house to the men most responsible to my downfall, but how can I?  She was on her own again, she had to look after her own affairs, and how can one blame her for having her head turned by the attention of Kings?
Ah, my poor Josephine.  She was the most alluring, most glamorous creature I have ever known -- a woman in every sense of the word, and she had the kindest heart in the world.  She may have been a liar and a spendthrift, but she had something that was irresistible -- she was a women to her very fingertips... How impossible it is to believe that she is dead.
She should have had Larrey or Corvisart.  They might have saved her... But why didn't anyone even write to me?  Can you believe that no one even bothered to write to me? Would you have believed that I should read such news in a newspaper?  How incredible!
But did she have the best doctors? Wasn't there any chance at all to save her?
Josephine dead -- how unbelievable! How impossible it is to believe it. She was always physically so strong -- she was never ill a day in her life.
Let me see it.
Come in.
Come back in an hour.
Oh, shit, that's not right.
Read it back.
You may go, Captain Charles.
You will return to Paris tomorrow and you will carry my compliments and thanks to General Le Clerc for assigning such an excellent officer to carry out a responsibility which has meant so much to myself and to Madame Bonaparte.
Then, you have my thanks, Captain Charles, for safely escorting Madame Bonaparte to Milan, and you may consider your assignment completed.
Did any difficulties of any kind arise during the trip?
Was the trip normal in every respect?
Was it he who assigned you to command the escort which accompanied Madame Bonaparte's coach?
Captain Charles, I believe you are one of General Le Clerc's aides-de- camp.
I believe you are acquainted with my brother, Joseph Bonaparte, and my aide, Major Junot.
I see...
Ah-hh, no.
Yes, as a matter of fact, it is.
No, they're living in Nice now.
I haven't been there for three years.
Ajaccio.
Oh -- where do you come from?
Yes, I am.
A glass of champagne, please.
My God -- this could be very bad for us... very bad, indeed.
But to start a fire like this in five hours -- how is it possible? It would take a carefully organized plan, tons of combustibles and hundreds of people.
Impossible, I don't believe it.
I told Mortier that he would answer with his life for any looting.
How did it spread so quickly?
Why didn't you wake me then?
When did it start?
My God, what a fire!
My God...!  What time is it?
You realize, of course, that thousands of swords have been collected.  How do you expect me to find yours?
Well, then, you have a lot of initiative, my young friend.
Does your mother know you have come?
And he sent you to me?
A sword is a weapon whatever else you might wish to use it for.
That is correct.
I have met her.  What is your business with me?
I am, Citizen.  Is your mother Madame Josephine de Beauharnais?
Good morning, Citizen de Beauharnais.
Ah, well, that is the first rule of warfare.  You must wear long-sleeved and long-legged underwear.  You can never conjure up brilliancies with a cold bottom.
Francis, may I ask whether you wear warm winter underwear?
I'll have the fire built up.
Would you like some brandy?
My dear Francis, you do seem extremely uncomfortable.
I see.
Oh...?
Will Alexander be joining us soon?
Shall we move closer to the fire?
I'm sorry that I am unable to offer you better hospitality, but this is the only place I have inhabited for the past month.
Ah, my dear Francis, what a genuine pleasure it is to meet you at last.
Oh, yes... of course.
That's a very nice name.  Where are you from?
Only Lisette?
What's your name?
Oh, I'm sorry about that.
Uh-hh... yes, of course -- if you would like to go... there... but... I have very little money.
Well, it must be a good deal warmer than it is here on the street.
No... I have a... room... at the Hotel de Perrin.
No, I'm only here on leave.  My regiment is at Valence.
Oh, I see... That must be a great burden.
Then what brings you out on such a night?
You must be chilled to the bone, standing out of doors like this.
Yes, it is.  It must be one of the worst nights we have had this winter.
Good evening, Mademoiselle.
Only as a last resort.  What are the Councils doing now?
My dear Joseph, the only thing that is clear is that my wife is a slut -- and while a man may want a slut for his mistress, he does not want her for his wife.
I have no idea.  Her maid said she left two days ago, to meet me -- I can imagine where she is.  But when she finally does come home, she will find her things in the street and my door locked.
Well, you shall see.
Are you trying to insult me?
My mind is made up.  She will not set foot in my house again.  I think if I saw her again, I might be tempted to strangle her.
It is time to clarify the situation. Everything is over between us.
The comedy of my marriage is sufficiently well known already.
I know of no better time.
The important thing is to find the right lawyer.  One who will not protract the thing indefinitely, in the courts.
And you, Junot?
You would tell me, Joseph, wouldn't you?
Not even the slightest hint of something?
Junot?
Naturally, one does not take much stock in such a piece of filth but, on the other hand, it is not the sort of thing one can simply ignore. What do you think, Joseph?
I would like both of you to read this.  Please read it aloud.
Indeed -- well, you may tell Dr. Corvisart, I should be entirely satisfied with half her success.
I didn't mean the things that I said... I was angry and I said more than I meant to.
It's me.
Not be safe?  What on earth are you talking about?
Yes.
Goodbye.
Yes!!
I will be there in five minutes.  Go back to your guests.
Oh -- now, this is absolutely ridiculous!  If you don't want to be humiliated in front of your guests, you will return to the table at once.
How should I know.  Ask Roquier -- he's cleaning her dress.
Don't be ridiculous and go away -- I'm busy working.
Go away -- I'm busy.
Yes -- what is it?
All right -- I promise.
Promises mean nothing.
I don't understand you.
I will never forgive you.
I cannot promise you that.
Not in the least.  After all, what is adultery -- only a brief transaction on a couch, requiring a few minutes of privacy.
Yes.  They were the easiest.  I made love to one of them within ten minutes of our first meeting.
One had better legs.
Yes.
No.
Of course.
No.
Do you expect me to believe that?
And now?
Were you in love with him?
No, I'm afraid I never had the pleasure of meeting the General. This sword was taken several days ago from your son by some of my soldiers.
Well, I'm sure that you will be just as pleased to have this as he will be.
I hope you will forgive me for barging in on you like this, Madame de Beauharnais.  I called to bring this to your son, but I understand from your charming daughter that he is out for the afternoon.
You are very kind, Madame de Beauharnais.  Do you have some sherry, perhaps?
Oh, I don't want to put you to any inconvenience.
Yes, we introduced ourselves at the door.
Thank you, Madame de Beauharnais. You probably don't recall but we met briefly a few months ago, at a party at Paul's house.
And was it so widely known that Joseph had reason for such concern?
Can you give me a drink, please?
How did you know it was Captain Charles?
You mean you heard them making love?
You could hear them?
Yes?
How do you know?
How do you know?
Do you know what you're saying?
What was there to tell?
You couldn't face telling me what?
You wrote it.
What?
Yes.
Well, whatever the hell you wanted to do, you are going to tell me everything right now.  Do you understand?!
What the hell is the matter with you?
You mean about my wife?!  You mean there are some things better left unsaid about Josephine?!
Look, Junot, you aren't going to leave this room until you explain yourself.
Now, just a minute.  You have just very clearly implied that there is a reason why Joseph should not give my wife the money which I left for her. I can't possibly allow a remark like that to go without explanation.
That's all you can say?  What are you talking about?
What are you talking about?
Why not?
Certainly.
All right, thank you.  Please ask him to come here.
I must have the breakdown now. Where is Berthier?
Well, he didn't give it to me, and when I ask you to do something for me, return the work to me, not to Berthier.
Why did you give it to him?
Well, anyway, sorry to call you away from the festivities, but where is the breakdown on serviceable vehicles?  I asked for it yesterday.
Yes, I'm sure he's been too busy chasing his whores to be bothered about my wife.
God damn it, Junot, wouldn't you think I have enough things on my mind not to waste time on a letter like this to Joseph?
Yes, yes, please sit down.  I will be with you in a moment.
I am afraid, then, I have to ask you both, Joseph as my brother, and Junot as my good friend, whether or not you know anything about this, or whether you saw anything at all during the trip which might make you suspect some truth to it.
Well, two nice little Swiss boys, who are virgins, decide they will save up their money and go to a bordello.
Do you know the joke about the two Swiss boys who go to a bordello for the first time?
Oh, my dearest child -- you must not worry about anything.  I will teach you everything that you must know.
Did the Emperor or Empress give you any... instructions of any kind... before you left?
Of course, my dear -- how cruel to have been separated from her.  And how strange it must be for you to be here, away from your family and everything you know.
I only desire what gives you pleasure, my dearest.
I am sure you will enjoy the French countryside.
You may have anything you wish, my sweet and lovely Marie-Louise.
Of course, my dear.
Yes, I do -- very much.
And, you, my dear wife, do you find that I resemble my portraits?
Ah, you must forgive me, my dearest Marie-Louise, I saw it during one of my stays at your palace -- at Schonbrunn.
Yes, my dearest Marie-Louise, I am your husband.
Good evening, ladies.  You must forgive me, my dearest wife, but I simply could not wait to see you.
He will stand by his agreement -- I know him better than you do.
That is a matter of opinion.
Alexander and I are friends.  We have reached an understanding.
What you are talking about is a gamble on moderation -- when I gamble, I prefer to gamble on force.
My dear Talleyrand, none of the Kings of Europe bear any friendship for France.  It is easy for you to talk of reliable treaties.  The only treaties you have been able to negotiate are the ones I have won on the battlefield.
We have a treaty with Austria.
I very seriously doubt it.  I don't think there is any possibility of making peace with England so long as she sees herself safe from invasion. That is why we must increase the pressure on her economy.  With Russia in the Continental Blockade, England must collapse.  More than 40% of her trade is with the Continent and Russia.
That is correct.
Yes, he has.
I did not ask her to go to war against me.
Does she deserve anything better?
Monsieur Varlac, I will count slowly to five, and if you have not begun to get down from the cart by then, I will carry out your execution, on the spot.
Monsieur Varlac, do not pretend to speak for these good people whom you have misled and inflamed with violent speech.  Now, I order you to come down from the cart.
No, Monsieur Varlac, my warrant is only for you.  Now, will you please come down at once.  You will be taken back to Chalon for trial.
You may save your philosophy for the magistrate, Monsieur Varlac.  I am only a simple officer in the army, and to me what you have done is called murder, and his always been called murder by honest men.
I am looking for Monsieur George Varlac who resides in the Rue de Frelicot.  Do you know him, monsieur?
Send him in.
Come in.
Let me have it.
Come in.
Send him in.
Come in.
Show him in.
Is he alone?
What did you say his name was?
A year ago, the whole of Europe was marching alongside of us.  Today, the whole of Europe is marching against us.
I know Alexander.  His imagination must be struck by some great, bold, powerful stroke, and he will come back to me, just as he did at Friedland.
If the French army had been commanded at Jena and Auerstadt by a tailor, the King of Prussia would certainly have gained the day.
Duroc, I have a bill here for 600,000 francs from Tirot, for building the Imperial throne and six decorated arm-chairs.  The amount is absurd -- and, at least twice too much.
From that moment on, I foresaw what I might be.  Already I felt the earth flee beneath me, as if I were being carried away up to the sky.
It will scarcely be considered credible, perhaps, but our whole business consisted in eating cherries together.
Life is a burden for me.  Nothing gives me any pleasure; I find only sadness in everything around me.  It is very difficult because the ways of those with whom I live, and probably always shall live, are as different from mine as moonlight is from sunlight.
My mother has always loved me.  She would do anything for me.
