Run!
Hurry.
I don't know the process, Dr. Weir was the expert...
There must be a way! What about Engineering?
You're okay now, it's over...
I don't know, the screens are dead...!
It is not.
Weir.
Miller, he's back, he was in the tank...
I'll do it --
Blow it up?
We've got to shut it down, we've got to...
Weir can't be alive.
Five seconds.
You better hurry. He's engaged the override, we can't open the inner door.
He's awake, he's in the airlock, he's not wearing a suit.
Justin's in the airlock.
Miller, come in...
Nine hours and twenty-two minutes.
I thought you wanted an answer. And that's the only one I have.
I know that.
It's not bullshit, it's the only conclusion the data supports...
I didn't say that, I said the bio- readings correspond to what happened to you, the ship is reacting to us...
You've got to listen...
There was a another surge in the bio- readings right before you... you saw what you saw. We picked up a similar readings right before the Clarke was damaged. What if there were a connection between the two? The gravity waves, the hallucination, all part of an defensive reaction, like an immune system...
I've got a theory.
...I ran the bio-scan with the DNA/RNA filter. The results were bio-readings of indeterminate origin...
Miller...
Who?
Maybe one of the original crew?
I can reconfigure the scan for C-12, amylase proteins.
What's the point? I'll just get the same thing...
I don't know, but whatever it is, it's not the crew.
The Event Horizon sensors show the same thing: "Bio-readings of indeterminate origin." Right before that wave hit the Clark, there was some kind of surge, right off the scale, but now it's back to its previous levels.
I thought of that, with the filters from the Clark, we've got enough breathable air for twenty hours. After that, we'd better be on our way home.
It's building up with every breath we take. And the CO2 filters on the Event Horizon are shot.
Oxygen is not the problem.
The antennae array's completely fried, we've got no radio, no laser, no highgain... No one's going to be coming to help us.
It tastes bad.
We're all here.
That's an affirmative.
There's not enough radiation to throw off the scan. I'm picking up trace life forms, but I can't get a lock on the location.
Something's wrong with the bio-scan.
Crossing the horizon. Optimum approach angle is fourteen degrees.
I just finished drying...
Ion drive will engage in... T-minus ten minutes.
We're past the outer marker, we can engage the ion drive whenever you're ready.
It's cold.
Skipper, Justin just activated the door. It's on a thirty second delay...
Almost got it.
Keep him talking.
He's engaged the override.
Not according to the computer.
What if the air has gone bad? We can't wear these suits forever.
I'm trying, goddammit --
Miller, do you read me, Peters --
Decompression wouldn't do that.
What happened to his eyes?
Picking up magnetic interference.
The scope is lit, it's right in front of us...
If they are, they're screening their calls.
This is U.S. Aerospace Command vessel Lewis and Clark, hailing Event Horizon, Event Horizon, do you read...? This is the Lewis and Clark, hailing...
The law of relativity prohibits faster- than-light travel...
All boards are green, everything's five by five.
Smith's right. Neptune? There's nothing out there. If something happens, we'll be on our own.
Justin said something about, "The dark inside me..." What did he mean?
Miller, Smith, Cooper, any of you in the airlock?
What is it?
In our current environment, Dr. Weir, self-control is an asset.
What are you doing?
Maybe a power interruption crashed the system...
I'm sorry.
It must be hard, being so far away from her.
Claire is your wife?
Why Dr. Weir, I think you're in love.
I can't believe we built this.
I don't know. The life readings just went off the scale.
What is it?
If they were in stasis, I'd get a location, but these readings, they're all over the ship. It doesn't make any sense.
Affirmative. The hull's intact... but there's no gravity and the thermal units are off line. I'm showing deep cold. The crew couldn't survive unless they were in stasis.
The reactor's still hot. We've got several small radiation sources, leaks probably. Nothing serious.
A straight line.
How?
