What you saw could have been an optical effect caused by gravitational distortion.
I don't know what happened to Justin.
Saw what, Mr. Cooper? What did you really see, because what you're describing is not physically possible...
No, he didn't.
The Event Horizon only had life support for eighteen months. It seems impossible, but in light of the transmission... I have to think that someone has managed to endure until now.
No, thank you.
What?
Thank you.
A written briefing can't possibly anticipate the variables on a mission like this. I have to go with them.
It's the Event Horizon. She's come back.
Incredible... These are the same coordinates before the ship disappeared... this, this happened? This isn't some kind of hoax?
You wanted to see me, Admiral?
That's the Second Containment Seal. Beyond that, engineering.
Background radiation. Perfectly safe.
You've reached the First Containment Seal. The engineering decks are on the other side.
I built it.
...is zero. That's what the singularity does: it folds space, so that point A and point B coexist in the same space and time. After the ship passes through this gateway, space returns to normal.  It's called a gravity drive.
Someone sent that message. Admiral, you have to put me on that ship.
The crew? Could they still be alive?
This is not about my reputation! This is not about me at all!  The Event Horizon was created for one reason: to go faster than light. Imagine mankind exploring new solar systems, colonizing new worlds. Seven years ago, we didn't just lose the ship and the crew. We lost the dream.  I have to go.
I designed the ship's propulsion system. I am the only person capable of evaluating the performance of the gravity drive. You can't send a Search and Rescue team out there alone and expect them to succeed. That would be like... like sending an auto- mechanic to work on the shuttle.
This is Weir.
NOOO!
I'm not asking you to believe me. You'll see for yourself... and so will your crew. You're all coming with me.
There is no Devil. There is no God. There is only... NOTHING.
Better if I just show you.
I'm not the Devil.
You know.
Your fear. Do you remember the Goliath, Miller?
Weir is dead.
What makes you think I'll miss?
Do you know what a singularity is, Miller? Does your mind truly fathom what a black hole is?  It is NOTHING. Absolute and eternal NOTHING. And if God is Everything, then I have seen the Devil.  It's a liberating experience.
I don't need them anymore. Where we're going, we won't need eyes to see.
I told you... She won't let you leave...
You can't leave. She won't let you.
You... You can't do that!
What about my ship?
Don't... don't do this...
You're insane. You've lost your mind.
You can't, your orders are specific...
I DON'T KNOW!  I don't know. There's a lot of things going on here that I don't understand. Truth takes time.
I don't know...
I don't know...
Yes...
What do you want me to say?
Thermal changes in the hull could have caused the metal to expand and contract very suddenly, causing reverberations --
Justin just tried to kill himself. The man is clearly insane.
I think I can stabilize the fields around the singularity, that should prevent another power drain.
Check the Core for radiation. Carbon dioxide may be the least of our worries.
The Core...!
I don't know.
Intense gravitational fields effect the passage of time, it's possible...  Black holes make sense on paper, it's all math, you see, but as to what really happened...  The Event Horizon has passed beyond our plane of reality, and like Lazarus, returned from the dead.
Exactly. The ship's internal clock is off by seven years.
The Event Horizon's computer think's it's 2034.
The date.
There's no danger. The black hole is contained behind three magnetic fields, it's under control.
If it worked, yes.
"Insane?" The finest astronauts fought to be posted to this ship. It would take the Lewis and Clark a thousand years to reach our closest star. The Event Horizon could be there in a day...
It's complicated...
It's possible that a burst of gravity waves escaped from the Core, distorting space-time. They could be what hit the Lewis and Clark.
Yes.
It beats dying, Mister Smith.
No one?
Any survivors?
Captain Miller, the foredecks are just ahead.
In an emergency, the charges detonate in series, destroying the central section and separating the personnel areas from the rest of the ship. That way, if the gravity drive malfunctions, the crew could use the foredecks as a lifeboat.
You're in the central corridor. It connects the personnel areas to Engineering.
That is not acceptable --
Captain, I didn't come out here to sit on your bridge, I need to be on that ship...
Be careful. It's not a load bearing structure...
That's the engineering containment. And there's the main airlock. We can dock there.
NSA encryption specialists have deciphered some of the message...
That's what we're here to find out.
It was the ship's maiden voyage, to test the drive. The Event Horizon moved to safe distance using ion thrusters. They received the go-ahead to activate the gravity drive.  And the ship vanished from all our scopes. No radar contact, no enhanced optical, no radio contact of any kind. They disappeared without a trace.  Until now.
I've been authorized to brief you and the crew once we reach Neptune space.
Captain Miller, I appreciate this opportunity...
Captain Miller, I just want to say...
Isn't it possible that you were traumatized by finding the body on the bridge?
No. I saw nothing.
Can you see a body?
Yes, we can see some kind of mist. What is that?
You're at the Bridge, Ms. Peters. You still haven't seen any crew?
They're explosive charges.
Claire...
Wasn't that ship destroyed?
He's been past Mars?
Yes.
Thank you for that scientific analysis, Mister Smith.
It still has air and reserve power, we can activate gravity and life support.
We're losing atmosphere...
That's the Core: the gravity drive. The heart of the ship.
Foredecks. Crew quarters, bridge, medical and science labs, hydroponics, what have you. That central section connects the forward decks to the Engineering containment area. Can we move in closer?
She's not ugly.
Where is she?
Say this paper represents space-time, and you want to get from "point A" here...  ...to "point B," here.  Now: what's the shortest distance between two points?
It means nothing.
The forward airlock.
I'm alright. Please.
It wants me. I have to go.
No, there's no evidence of a surge or spike of any kind. It's as if time just... stopped for seven years.
Yes. I miss her. She died. Two years now.
Yes.
Hmmm. Claire used to tell me I loved the Event Horizon more than I loved her. I told her that wasn't true, I just knew the Event Horizon better, that's all.
That's how the gravity drive works, you see: it focuses the black hole's immense gravitational power to create the gateway. That's how the Event Horizon travels faster than light.
What is it?
Ship's log.
Could it be the crew? If they were in suspended animation, wouldn't that effect the scan?
Do they have pressure?
Wrong. The shortest distance between two points...
Well, in layman's terms, you use a rotating magnetic field to focus a narrow beam of gravitons; these in turn fold space-time consistent with Weyl tensor dynamics until the space- time curvature becomes infinitely large and you have a singularity...
Relativity, yes. We can't break the law of relativity, but we can go around it. The ship doesn't really move faster than the speed of light; it creates a dimensional gateway that allows the ship to instantaneously "jump" from one point in the universe to another, light years away.
