We'd better get everybody online.  And Kyle, Stop downloading porn.  Your frame rate is unacceptable.
You've got the utility systems walkthrough, right?
No time for pleasantries, Kyle. We have a level five emergency. The Commander needs us to get him to the core and shut it down before it overloads.
He probably... Has some very important business to attend to...
Yeah. What's wrong? JASON ~~othIno. I -ust oncuont ot wou~o oc oomooooateo onan onat.
Raise the glass and push the blue button.
Berithium lava coming through. Use the handholds above you.
Up.
Go. They're off again.
GO Commander.
Lt. Madison, GO.
Wait two seconds then go.
Commander, you and Lt. Madison will have to go through the crushers one at a time in three second intervals. Tell me when the first crusher hits the bottom...
Yes Commander... All right, you're almost there. Just go through the chompers and over the pit.
My cousin's boyfriend's sister went out with the screenwriter. His favorite movie is the Omegaman.  He's seen it 13 times...
No,  I am of the firm belief that in reality it is not a matter killer, but a matter REARRANGER, converting all molecules to the exact state they existed thirteen seconds previous to activation thus effecting a thirteen second time jump to the past.
It's been the subject of an extremely heated debate on the internet for years. Many believe that is a matter collapser, a bomb capable of destroying all matter in the universe in a chain reaction lasting 13 seconds.
Well, that's the big question, isn't it?
Yes Commander?
Okay, that's where you want to be.
Okay, so do you see a door marked "CORE UNIT?" Should be down at the far end to your left.
Commander, do you have a camera?  I'd die to see this in person... All they showed on T,V was a machine here, and a wall here... I don't know why they didn't show the whole thing.
Now make a right, you'll see a doorway that opens on the central manufacturing facility.  The bowels of the ship.
Okay, now left at the next turn... Past the oxygen units.  Make a right there. Then go through the antimatter vent...
Okay, you can go on in... I'm going to get Kyle. He knows the utility tunnel system better than anybody alive.
I knew it!... I KNEW it!...
... But I want you to know that I am not a complete braincase, okay? I understand completely that It's just a TV show. There is no ship, there is no Beryllium Sphere, no diagital conveyor... I mean, obviously it's all just a-
Yes, I know, and I want you to know I thought about what you said... I know you meant it constructively but...
Brandon.
Oh... Oh, I see. Oh.
... Yes?
Yes but, we were wondering-
Commander, as I was saying... In "The Quasar Dilemma", you used the auxiliary of deck b for Gamma override. But online blueprints indicate deck b is independent of the guidance matrix, so we were wondering where the error lies?
Commander, please settle a dispute that my crew and I are having. In "The Quasar Dilemma", the Sentient had taken control of the ship's guidance systems, however-
