No Roger from op/ed?
Go away. I have enough work here to last me all night.
Love. Who knows what that is? Now circulation, deadlines, those I understand.
Leave.
YOU DID.
Roger in Op/Ed. Don't make me send you another memo about my policy on inter-office dating.
I'll tell you a story. It's about this shy copy editor who makes a mockery of herself and her boss when she completely botches her first assignment as a reporter.
Your story was Rigfort's baby. We were scooped! We've got nothing. Zippo. You totally and completely screwed both of us.
Not yet. Every person in this office comes in here and watches you guys! It's like the goddamn Young and the Restless! Rigfort's salivating over it.
And that's the best part.  "Teacher-Student Relations: How close is too close?" We're gonna blow the lid off it!
It's got it all--sex, intrigue, immorality in the education system--
That's your story!
I bet Good Housekeeping would go gaga over the cole slaw piece.
No, it's the Great and Powerful Oz. Now listen--you're in over your head. This is how it's gonna work. I review the tapes, I find your story.
OUT!
Get to know them. Very well. Your job and my job depends on it.
Do you even know these kids?
This is where the stories are. You are going to become friends with these people. You are going to party with them. You are going to hang out with them on weekends. When they go to prom, you are going to be in their same damn limo!
Have you been to any parties?
Have you been there?
Responding officers found minors, marijuana, and cheap wine coolers when they responded to a call to break up a party at what Southglen High Schoolers have come to call "The Court." Seventeen-year-old Kristen Rey says, "Yeah, everyone who's anyone is at The Court on Saturday night."
No, I am appalled that I have a reporter in there, undercover, for almost three weeks now- I had to read about this in the Tribune.
Geller...you wanna be a reporter? Take a look at what sells! Sex scandals. Bribery. People jumping off buildings. So unless a kid just killed himself because he was being paid to have sex with the school mascot in a big vat of this cole slaw, you got nothing!
And you're leading with the terrible truth about cole slaw?!
You're a sick puppy, Geller.
Geller, this is way out of your league.
Don't worry, I'll straighten all this out.
Geller, you don't want a reporter's life. They're very--messy. You're all about order. Control. And getting me my copy by five.
Every Tom, Dick, and Harry thinks he can write. But a journalist gets in there, right where the bombs are. He's aggressive. Grabs the bull by the balls.
A flack jacket.
You know what separates us office flunkies from the reporters?
Geller, we've been over this. You're a great copy editor. Maybe my best copy editor. You're not a reporter.
Yeah--the blind foster home mother. It was good. I got Cahoon on it.
Eh.
How many times have I fired her?
So. You and Roger in Op/Ed.
Computer's down. Septuplets story. I need it back by five. Hopefully the copy's not a mess.
