I'll see you.
I read about it in the paper.
It would be too hard.
Yeah, that's true.
Thank you.  Tell them, thank you.
I can breathe withour pain now, so I guess I feel great.
He's not finished.
Really?
I have no understanding of this place anymore.
Did you read in the paper today, about the man who was walking his dog?  he was attacked, and his wallet and his watch were taken.  And then, while he was still lying unconscious, his attacker stabbed him with a knife in both eyes.  It happened four blocks from here.
What are you talking about?
I'll get a job, maybe on a farm.  I'll work on the house.
Good.
I'm sure everyone's doing their best.
It's none of my business anymore.
Already.
No, I haven't heard.
Everything else was taken as close to conclusion as humanly possible.  Also... this shouldn't be his first assignment.
This can't be my last duty here.  It will go on and on.
One is gluttony.
... envy, sloth, pride and lust.  Seven.
There are seven deadly sins.  Gluttony, wrath, greed...
"Dear Detectives, Long is the way, and hard, that out of hell leads up to light." It's the murderer's way of announcing himself.
Who tied her down?  You or him?
Where was the prostitute?  Where was she?
Where was the girl?
Put it down.  Put it on the ground.
Who are you?  What are you doing out here?
Turn around.  Hands on your head!
NO!
Give me the gun.
David... please...
Why?
What's so exciting?
I mean, at this point, what would it hurt if you told us a little about yourself?
I don't believe it.
Don't do this... please...
I can't let you do this...
Throw your weapon, detective!  Now!
Throw your gun down now!
There's no time to discuss it!
Stay with him.
Give me a break.
Slut.
What is it?
If John Doe's head splits open and a U.F.O. flies out, I want you to have expected it.
I can tell you this.  I recognize his lawyer.  His name's Mark Swarr.
He's only two murders away from finishing his masterpiece, right?  Can you even conceive of what's going to happen next?  I mean, can you even imagine how he'll try to finish it?
You and I are, probably for the first time ever, in total agreement.  He wouldn't just stop.
Because he is John Doe, by choice.
As soon as this is over, I'm gone.
No, actually, I wasn't sure at all.
I'm requesting you keep me on as your partner a few more days.  You'd be doing me the favor.
One of two things will happen.  We're either going to get John Doe, or he'll finish his series of seven, and this case will go on for years.
Call for help, and you'll live.  But, you'll be disfigured.  Or, put yourself out of your misery.
That part of me is dead.
No I'm not!  I'm talking about common, everyday life here.  If you let yourself worry about one thing, you'll worry about the next, and the next, and it never ends. In this place, ignorance isn't just bliss, it's a matter of survival.
Wrong!  I sympathize completely, because if you can't win... then, if you don't ignore everything and everyone around you, you... you become like John Doe.  It's easier to beat a child than it is to raise it, because it takes so much work to love.  You just have to make sure you don't stop to think about the abuse, and the damage, because you'll risk being sad.  Keep ignoring.
It wasn't one thing, if that's what you mean.  I just... I can't live here anymore. I can't live where stupidity is embraced and nurtured as if it were a virtue.
People don't want a champion.  They just want to keep playing the lottery and eating hamburgers.
Just know that in this case there's not going to be any satisfaction.  If we caught John Doe and he were the devil himself, if it turned out he were actually Satan, then, that might live up to our expectations.  No human being could do these things, right? But, this is not the devil.  It's just a man.
Where's the victory?
You tell me, then... you walk into an apartment, and a man has beaten his wife to death, or the wife murdered the husband, and you have to wash the blood off their children.  You put the killer in jail.  Who won?
Don't try to focus on things as black and white, because you'll go blind.  There's no winning and losing here.
No.  Face it now.  Stop thinking it's good guys against bad guys.
You know... there's not going to be a happy ending to this.  It's not possible anymore.
One birthday he gave me this brand new hardcover book, "The Century of the Detective," by Jurgen Thorwald.  It traced the history of deduction as a science, and it sealed my fate, because it was real, not fiction.  And, that a drop of blood or a piece of hair could solve a crime... it was incredible to me.
The irony is, after a day of the type of work he did, he'd come home and read me these morbid crime stories.  Murders in the Rue Morgue.  Le Fanu's Green Tea.  My mother would give him hell because he was keeping me up till all hours.
These murders are his masterwork.  His sermon to all of us.  To all us sinners.
No dates indicated, placed on the shelves in no discernible order.  It's just his mind poured out on paper.  I don't think it's going to give us any specifics.
"What sick, ridiculous, puppets we are, and what a gross, little stage we dance on. What fun we have, dancing and fucking, not a care in the world.  Not knowing that we are nothing.  We are not what was intended."
Well, there are at least five thousand notebooks in this room, and near as I can tell, each notebook contains two hundred and fifty pages.
We could use about fifty more men here.
What are you talking about?
You stupid son of a...
Think it through.  If we leave a hole like this, we'll never prosecute.  He'll walk.  We have to come up with some excuse for knocking on this door.
Think about how we got here!
Think about it...
We need a warrant.
You can't go in there.
Wait... just wait.
What happened?
Are you alright?
You do the talking.  Put that old silver tongue of yours to work.
We'll take a look at him.  Talk to him.
That's what it says.  Jonathan Doe.
Saint Thomas Aquinas.  He wrote about the seven deadly sins.
That is.
It's not what you think it is.
The Divine Comedy.  A History of Catholicism.  A book called Murderers and Madmen.
We're focusing.
I don't.  Neither do you.
Yeah, well... at least we're out of the office.  We've got pizza.
If you want to know who's been reading Paradise Lost, Purgatory, and say... The Life and Time of Charlie Manson, the Bureau's computer will tell you.  It might give us a name.
Legal... illegal.  These terms don't apply. I don't applaud it.
Flagged books cover every topic the Bureau deems questionable... communism to violent crime.
They monitor reading habits.  Not every book, but certain ones are flagged.  Books about... let's say, how to build a nuclear bomb, or maybe Mein Kampf.  Whoever takes out a flagged book has their library records fed to the F.B.I. from then on.
For a long time, the F.B.I.'s been hooked into the library system, keeping accurate records.
It's probably nothing, but even if it is, it's no skin off our teeth.  The man at Hot Dog World is a friend, in the Bureau.
By telling you this, I'm trusting you more than I trust most people.
Let's go.
How much money do you have?
Just, realize... this is not some common lunatic.  The type of intestinal fortitude it must take... to keep a man bound for a full year.  To connect tubes to his genitals.  To sever his hand and use it to plant fingerprints.  He's methodical and exacting, and worst of all, he's patient.
Well, he's been right so far, hasn't he?
This quote... his first words to us.  I looked it up.  It's from Milton's Paradise Lost.  "Long is the way, and hard, that out of hell leads up to light... "
Yes we do.  Here...
No.  He's not depending on luck.  You've seen that.  We walked into that apartment exactly one year after he first tied Victor to the bed, to the day.  To the day! Because he wanted us to.
No.
It's a fine line between insane and inspired.
It's too dismissive to call him a lunatic. We can't make that mistake.
This is the job.  It's not an Easter egg hunt.
Who pays the rent on time.
Victor's landlord says an envelope of cash was in the office mailbox each month.  He says, quote, "I never heard a single complaint from the tenant in apartment three-o-one, and nobody ever complained about him.  He's the best tenant I've ever had.
Oh, it's alright.
They pay cops for the inside scoop, and they pay well.
He'll string us along all the way if we're not careful.
We have to divorce ourselves from emotions here.  No matter how hard it is, we have to stay focused on the details.
Listen to me.  He's all about playing games.
The way this has gone till now, I wouldn't have thought it was possible, but we may have underestimated this guy.
Call an ambulance.
I think Hemingway wrote somewhere... I can't remember where, but he wrote that in order to live in a place like this, you have to have the ability to kill.  I think he meant you truly must be able to do it, not just faking it, too survive.
How was it?
How did the fire fight end?
And?
Never in my twenty-four years, knock on wood.  I've only ever taken my gun out five times with the actual intention of using it.  Never fired it though.  Not once.  You?
Why would we?
Yes.  They were there... so, it must be.
He doesn't have the desire somehow.  Our killer seems to have more purpose.  More purpose than Victor could ever conceive of.
Doesn't seem like our man, does it?
In this city, if all the skeletons came out of all the closets... if ever hidden body were to suddenly rise again, there'd be no more room for the living.
I'm, sorry, but even the most promising clues usually lead only to other clues. I've seen so many corpses rolled away... unrevenged.
We put it in a nice neat pile and file it away, on the slim chance it's ever needed in a courtroom.  It's like collecting diamonds on a desert island.  You keep them just in case you ever get rescued, but it's a pretty big ocean out there.
All we do is pick up the pieces.  We take all the evidence, and all the pictures and samples.  We write everything down and note what time things happened...
I wish I still thought like you.
You meant what you said to Mrs. Gould, didn't you?  About catching this guy.  You really want to believe that, don't you?
It doesn't fit.  He doesn't want us to help him stop.
No.
Just wait!
Bear with me.
There must be something.
A switchblade.
It's got to be.
You're sure your men didn't move this?
What if it's not that she's seen something?  What if she's supposed to see something, but she just hasn't been given a chance to see it yet?
This is the one thing.
No witnesses of any kind?
Totally unrelated victims.
No fingerprints?
Attrition.  When you regret your sins, but not because you love God.
For now, let's just consider the books as the murderer's inspiration. The books and sermons are about atonement for sin.  And, these murders have been like forced attrition.
Seven Terraces of Purgation.
Did you read them?
The sins were used in medieval sermons. There were seven cardinal virtues, and then seven deadly sins, created as a learning tool, because they distract from true worship.
He's preaching.
And, if it's a threat.
This is just to satisfy my curiosity.  I'm still leaving town Saturday.
He must have left another puzzle piece.
All day Saturday, and all day Sunday.  The murderer would want Gould to take his time.  To have to sit there and decide. Where do you make the first cut?  There's a gun in your face... but, what part of your body is expendable?
I'm certain.  He was the biggest defense lawyer around.  Infamous, actually.
I vaguely recall a large, angry man, and someone called Norton.
I read.  Remember reading?
What about them?
All television does is teach children that it's really cool to be stupid and eat candy bars all day.
Hello.
Tonight.
I'm invited to have a late supper at your house.  And, I accept.
What?
It's a package deal.  You get the phone with the office.
It's too soon for him.
I'm declining this case.  I want us reassigned.
This is a premeditated puzzle, and it's only the beginning.
He ate his fill, and was forced to continue eating... till his body rejected the food. the killer held a bucket under him, and then kept serving.  He took his time.  The coroner says this might have gone on for more than twelve hours.  The victim's throat was swollen from the effort, and there was probably a point where he passed out.  That's when killer kicked him in the stomach.  Popped him.
But, why would there be so many pieces in his stomach if it were nothing?  It must have been intentional.
You always have to find one singular thing to focus on.  There's always one thing, and it may be as small as a speck of dust, but you find it and focus... till it's an exhausted possibility.
Same color and texture.
I just don't think we should have that sort of relationship.  We'd start quarreling over insignificant things.
Is that clear?
I made a decision, because I have to consider the integrity of the scene.  I can't worry whether you think you're getting enough time on the playing field.
Good.
No.
Guessing at this point is useless.
Is there any blood in it?
What?
Please be quiet for a while, would you?
No one yet.
Drop it.
I wonder what exactly was the point of the conversation you were about to get into?
Well, over the next seven days, do me the favor of remembering it.
Not here.
Let me tell you how I want this to go.  I want you to look, and I want you to listen.
It's very simple.  You worked a nice, quiet town, but you fought to get here as if your life depended on it.  I've just never seen it done that way before, Detective.
You just met me.
All this effort you've made to get transferred, it's the first question that pops into my head.
I meant to ask you something, Mills, when we spoke on the phone.  I can't help wondering... why here?
Since we're just starting out, I thought we could go to a bar... sit and talk for awhile.  After that, we'll...
I can tell you now, I know... I'm positive I made the right decision.  I'm positive. But, there's never a day that passes that I don't wish I had decided differently.
Well, I got up one morning and went to work... just like any other day, except it was my first since hearing about the baby. And, I... I felt this fear and anxiety washing over me.  I looked around, and I thought, how can we raise a child surrounded by all this?  How can a child grow up here?  So, that night, I told her I didn't want us to have it, and over the next few weeks, I convinced her it was wrong.  I mean... I wore her down, slowly.
Oh, Tracy... I have to tell you, I'm not the one to talk to about this.
You should look into private schools.
He mentioned it.
Talk to him about it.  He'll understand if you tell him how you feel.
You have to put blinders on sometimes. Most times.
I feel strange being here with you... without David knowing.
It's a hard place.
I don't know, with this case.
Too long.  What do you think so far?
Any person who spends a significant amount of time with me finds me... disagreeable. Just ask your husband.
I was close once.  It just didn't happen.
I guess I won't be showing it to him then.
Don't worry.  I don't wear it at the dinner table.
Really?
I hear you and Mills were high school sweethearts.
It smells good.
Oh... um, William.
Did their son see it happen?
Yes.  Look at all the passion splattered up on the wall here.
Why always like this?  Only after the fact... this sudden realization, that if you shoot someone, or stick a knife in them, that person will cease to exist.
Did the wife confess?
