Keyser Soze
And ?
Who ?
I don't get it.
What was the money for?
There was ninety-one million -
Yeah.
Jack. What are you doing here?
Nothing. Something I - forget it.
A rumor is not a rumor that doesn't die.
I'11 find him.
No matter. He'll have to know how close we came.
I know what I wanted to know about Keaton.
Someplace else, then.
I want to see him.
When does he post bail?
What'the fuck is that?
Did they charge him with anything?
What do you mean I can't see him?
Kobayashi.
I don't think he does. Not exactly, but there's a lot more to his story. I want to know why twenty-seven men died on that pier for what looks to be ninety-one million dollars worth of dope that wasn't there. Above all, I want to be sure that Dean Keaton is dead.
You know damn well what I think.
If it was a dope deal, where's the dope, if it was a hit, who called it in?
This won't be an' interrogation, just a... friendly chat to kill time.
Where are you going to go, Verbal? You gonna run? Turn states evidence. You might never see trial. If somebody wants to get you, you know They'll get you out there.
You posted twenty minutes ago. Captain Leo wants you out of here a.s.a.p., unless you turn state's.
Is he Keyser Soze I don't know, Verbal. It seems to me that Keyser Sate is a shield. Like you said, a spook story, but I know Keaton - and someone out there is pulling strings for you. Stay here and let us protect you.
You're not safe on your own.
Why lie about everything else, then?
If he's dead, Verbal - if what you say is true, then it won't matter. It was his idea to hit the Taxi Service in New York, wasn't it? Tell me the truth.
He programmed you to tell us just what he wanted you to. Customs has been
He left you to stay behind and tell us he was dead. You saw him die, right? Or did you? You had to hide when the first police cars showed up. You heard the shot, just before the fire but you didn't see him die.
He used all of you to get him on that boat. He couldn't get on alone and he had to pull the trigger himself to make sure he got his man. The one man that could identify him.
THE KIND OF MAN THAT COULD HAVE KILLED EDIE FINNERAN.
Keaton was Keyser Soze
No, Verbal. You weren't friends. Keaton didn't have friends. He saved you because he wanted it that way. It was his will.
I don't buy that reform story for a minute. And even if I did, I certainly don't believe he would send you to protect her. So why?
Why did he want you to live? A one-time dirty cop without a loyalty in the world finds it in his heart to save a worthless rat-cripple? No, sir. Why'
Verbal, he left you behind for a reason. If you all knew Soze could find you anywhere, why was he ready to send you off with the money when he could have used you to take the boat?
There were no drugs on that boat. It was a hit. A suicide mission to whack out the one man that could finger Keyser Soze so Sate had a few thieves put to it. Men he knew he could march into certain death.
But Keaton had. Edie Finneran was his extradition advisor. She knew who he was and what he knew.
His own people were selling him to a gang of Hungarians. Most likely the same Hungarians that Sate all but wiped out back in Turkey. The money wasn't there for dope. The Hungarians were going to buy the one guy that could finger Soze for them.
He was a stool pigeon for the Justice Department. He swore out a statement to Federal Marshals that he had seen and could positively identify one Keyser Soze and had intimate knowledge of his business, including, but not exclusive to, drug trafficking and murder.
But Keaton...
Then why didn't you help him?
YOU KNOW. YOU'VE KNOWN THIS WHOLE FUCKING TIME. GIVE IT TO ME.
TRY TO REEF LYING TO ME NOW. I KNOW EVERYTHING .
YES YOU DO. YOU KNOW WHAT I'M GETTING AT. THE TRUTH. TRY TO TELL ME YOU DIDN'T KNOW. TRY TO TELL ME YOU SAW SOMEONE KILL KEATON .
Don't shine me, Verbal. No more stalling. You know what I'm getting at.
I don't have a minute. Are you saying it was Keyser Soze? You told the D.A. you didn't know who it was.
A man in a suit with a slim build. Tall.
Why didn't you say anything?
What call?
Then what?
What happened?
You're stalling, Verbal.
Can we just get back to Kobayashi?
This is totally irrelevant.
So why play into his hands? We can protect you.
If there is a Keyser Soze he'll be looking for you.
Turn state's evidence. Take the stand on this and we'll hear it out.
And this is why you never told the D.A.
Do you believe in him, Verbal?
And why leave this out when you talked to the D.A.?
Came from Redfoot.
So this lawyer...
Convince me. Tell me every last detail. 52    SCENE DELETED                                                              52 53    INT. HOSPITAL - DAY                                                  53                         + Kovash's room is now filled with people. Jack Baer stands next to DANIEL METZHEISER, a balding man in his forties. Next to him is Doctor Plumber. Across from her is Ridgly Waiters.
Is he the one that killed Keaton?
NOT FROM ME, YOU PIECE OF SHIT. THERE IS NO IMMUNITY FROM ME. You atone with me or the world you live in becomes the hell you fear in the back of your tiny mind. Every criminal I have put in prison,
You think I don't know you held out on the D.A.? What did you leave out of that testimony? I can be on the phone to Ruby Deemer in ten minutes.
What lawyer?
I don't think you do. But you say you saw Keaton die. I think you're covering his ass and he's still out there somewhere. I think he was behind that whole circus in the harbor. My bet is he's using you because you're stupid and you think he's your friend. You tell me he's dead, so be it. I want to make sure he's dead before I go back to New York.
Do I? Keaton was under indictment a total                 + of seven times when he was on the force.                  + In every case, witnesses either reversed                  + their testimony to the grand jury or died                 + before they could testify. When they                      t finally did nail him for fraud, he spent                  + five years in Sing Sing. He killed three prisoners inside - one with a knife in the tailbone while he strangled him to death. Of course I can't prove this but I can't prove the best part either.
Let me tell you something. I know Dean Keaton. I've been investigating him for three years. The guy I know is a cold-                    + blooded bastard. L.A.P.D. indicted him on three counts of murder before he was kicked off the force, so don't sell me the hooker with the heart of gold.                        +
Come on. Keaton was a cop for four years. Who else would know the Taxi Service
Sure. And I'm supposed to believe that hitting the Taxi Service wasn't his idea
Oh come on, Verbal. Who do you think you're talking to? You really expect me to believe he retired? For a woman? Bullshit. He was using her.
Heartwarming. Really, I feel weepy.
I'11 get right to the point. I'm smarter than you. I'11 find out what I want to know and I'11 get it from you whether you like it or not.
The first thing I learned on the job, know what it was? How to spot a murderer. Let's say you arrest three guys for the same killing. Put them all in jail overnight. The next morning, whoever is sleeping is your man. If you're guilty, you know you're caught, you get some rest - let your guard down, you follow?
I'11 be sure to mention that to him.
I know Ruby. He's very big on respect. Likes me very much.
You know Ruby is in Attica?
You know a dealer named Ruby Deemer, Verbal?
Oh, I know. Sweet deal you have. Total immunity .
According to your statement you are a short-con operator. Run of the mill seams. Everything you do, you learned from somebody else.
I just want to hear your story.
Keaton was a piece of shit.
He was a corrupt cop, Verbal.
I know you liked Keaton I know you think he was a good man.
Verbal, I know you know something. I know you're not telling us everything.
Verbal, you know we're trying to help you.
