I finally got through to Sloan--it was all a misunderstanding that we had: he would have told the Grand Jury about Haldeman, he was ready to, only nobody on the Grand Jury asked him the goddamn question.
You overslept?
What was the mistake? Do you think it's been rigged, all along the way, leading us on so they could slip it to us when it mattered? They couldn't have set us up better; after all these months our credibility's gone, you know what that means?
Woodward?
I know a guy in the Justice Department who was around the Grand Jury.
How many fucking sources they think we got?--
--and the FBI confirms--what more do you need?--
--Jesus--
I wish we were investigating Attila the Hun.
What's the matter?
Well, we are trying to ruin his life.
Nah.  Maybe.
Who?
--Mitchell, Stans, Magruder, Kalmbach--
He'll give us a sworn statement.
You think this was Clawsen's initiation?
You think we're being set up?--Christ, Deep Throat tells you last night that the letter came from inside the White House and up traipses Marilyn naming names.
What would you have done?
--'cause I only know four chords--
Segovia begged me for me secret but I said, "No, Andres, you'll have to try and make it without me."
--because a year before, the Republicans weren't ahead, not in the polls, Muskie was running ahead of Nixon then. Before he self- destructed.
Now the reason no one believed the Republicans is because there wasn't any reason, they were so far ahead. But Segretti was talking to these other lawyers a year before the break- in.
Dwight Chapin, Nixon's appointments chief--he knew Segretti in school. Maybe I'm crazy, but this is the first time any of this starts to make sense. What were the three theories?
That's what we've got to find out, but Segretti went to Southern Cal. and so did a bunch of Nixon men--
--for the first time I'm beginning to feel like a fucking reporter-- Woodward, I got a tip. A guy called me up with a tip--  --someone named Donald Segretti contacted a bunch of lawyers and asked them if they'd like to go to work with him screwing up the Democrats, dirty tricks, shit like that. The FBI knows about Segretti-- Howard Hunt made a bunch of phone calls to him--they interrogated him, but on account of Segretti wasn't involved with the break-in, they didn't follow through. But Segretti did a lot of traveling--he called these lawyers from different places, and he told them the Republicans knew what he was doing.
--I want you to shut up and listen to me--
--almost every source we've used has been Republican, this guy's a card- carrying Democrat.
--I know a lawyer at Justice--
--if we could name the guys got the reports, we'd be ahead again--
--we gotta top the Times--
Goddamnit--
--the lookout in the Motor Inn?--  --he say anything we don't know?--
Look--five men controlled that slush fund as CREEP--three of them we've got, Mitchell, Stans, Magruder, and we're pretty sure of Kalmbach.
--Colson.
Nothing--I just found out that Jeb Magruder from CREEP is a bigger bike freak than I am.  I never like it when the other guy's human...
And I'll just shitkick in my usual way.
He's another Ivy Leaguer so he'll probably expect you to be understanding--might surprise him if you're not.
How do you want to handle Sloan?
--she was really paranoid, the bookkeeper.
It goes very high--we've got to find out where--
--we've got to find out who the five guys are--the five with access to the slush fund--they were aware of the break-in.
I  couldn't believe what she told me. Eight cups of coffee worth.
You voted for him.
'68.
Who'd you vote for?
Republican?
I hate both parties.
We appreciate your position--really.
We understand your problem--
We never reveal our sources, which is why you can talk to us.
I just wish we knew when someone would talk to us, that's all.
We know there's got to be something or they wouldn't be so panicked.
Facts or theory?
I never scared anyone before.
My first day as a copy boy I was sixteen and wearing my only grown-up suit--it was cream colored. At 2:30 the head copy boy comes running up to me and says, "My God, haven't you washed the carbon paper yet? If it's not washed by three, it'll never by dry for tomorrow."  And I said, "Am I supposed to do that?" and he said, "Absolutely, it's crucial." So I run around and grab all the carbon paper from all the desks and take it to the men's room. I'm standing there washing it and it's splashing all over me and the editor comes in to take a leak, and he says, "What the fuck do you think you're doing?" And I said, "It's 2:30. I'm washing the carbon paper."  Just wanted you to know I've done dumber things than get us lost, that's all.
I don't get it... this really was my turf...
Alphabetically, on the CREEP phone list, Miss Helen Abbott of South George Street.
Were you eyebrow reading?
And?--And?--
See her?  Get anything?
Christ, and I even know somebody at the phone company--
---fifteen or more phone calls from the burglars in Miami to Gordon Liddy at CREEP--
--I'm trying--
Goddamnit--
What's that?
And you haven't called him?--
That was fun.  What now?
About the past year.
We need a sympathetic face.
It makes sense; Hunt worked for the C.I.A. and the White House was paranoid about Teddy Kennedy.
Maybe a political operative of some sort--
--what do you think?--
I lived here all my life, I got a million contacts, but they're all bus boys and bellhops.
Hmm.
What, though?  It can't be the Republicans--he'd never allow something as stupid as this, not when he's gonna slaughter McGovern anyway.
Well, Barker tried to get blueprints of the Miami Convention Center and the air-conditioning system.
Let me lay a little theory on you--
Forget it, the main thing--  --did you call me a failure?
You heard?  They put us both on the break-in thing. Simons liked the way we worked together.  Listen, I'm sorry I said your story was bullshit.
Yeah?
Mainly it has to do with your choice of words.
--read 'em both and you'll see--
--mine's better--
--they're all the same, all those Ivy League places--they teach you about striped ties and suddenly you're smart--
--you only got the job because both you and Bradlee went to Yale--
--what have you been here, nine months?--I been in this business since I was sixteen--
--it was bullshit the way it was--
--I sure couldn't hurt it, could I?--
Night.
11:30.
Sir, I'd like to ask you a few--
--to become President Nixon's campaign manager on March 1, Mitchell personally approved withdrawals from the fund--
--almost a year before he left the Justice Department--
--according to sources involved in the Watergate investigation. Beginning in the spring of 1971--
--fund that was used to gather information against the Democrats--
John N. Mitchell, while serving as US Attorney General, personally controlled a secret cash fund that--
This?  Naw...
--yeah, that was in The Times this morning.
The telephone calls... we know about that.
Whatever.
I'm on deadline.
Look, you've been jerking my chain all day. If there's some reason you can't talk to me--like the fact that you've already leaked everything to The New York Times--just say so.
Good. Just tell him I was here, that I'm sorry I missed him--
Mr. Dardis does call in every so often?
Could you reach Mr. Dardis by car radio?
I called him from Washington. He's the one who asked me to be here at eleven in the morning.
I'd really like to see Mr. Dardis.
Hi, it's me. I'm still here.
--Teddy Kennedy?
Any idea what he did?
--Howard Hunt?
At USC, you had a word the this-- screwing up the opposition you all did it at college and called it ratfucking.  Ever wonder if Nixon might turn out to be the biggest ratfucker of them all?
It gets interesting if it was Haldeman, because our word is that when Chapin says something, he's gotten the OK from Haldeman, and when Haldeman says something, he's gotten the OK from the President.
On the orders of Haldeman?
Chapin did contact you then?
But you know who did.
You wrote the Canuck letter--the one where you claimed Muskie slurred the Canadians.
During the Florida primary, you wrote a letter on Muskie stationery saying Scoop Jackson had a bastard child. You wrote another that said Hubert Humphrey was out with call girls.
Tell that to Muskie.
Do you feel much about the things you did?
When did he hire you?
By "they" you mean the White House, don't you?  Your buddy from USC, Dwight Chapin-- he works for the White House.
By "they" you mean...?
Listen--we know you're involved in this--we're going to get the story, why not help?
According to what we've been able to verify, you've been busy.
Mind if I try?
I'm Carl Bernstein.  My paper sent me out to see if I couldn't persuade you to go on the record.
Donald Segretti?
--he was going to go into law practice with Segretti.
We've just been talking to Young--
--yes--
Down to Miami and back--how much damage can I do?
--that was awhile ago--
I think it might be helpful if you'd send me to Miami.
Harry, I just talked to a Miami investigator about Barker--
Absolutely--
--if he did it or just said he did it, God knows.
--there's nothing new in it--
--what?--
What's a real denial?
--and we got a guy in Justice--
--no--
Nobody's perfect.  I'm glad you're out of it, Hannah-- you're a terrific reporter and I turned you into a bookkeeper.
There's always a later plane.
It's right under that pile.
I think.
Five hundred; six maybe.
Hey... very tense.
Oh, they're here.  I'm keeping much better records now, Hannah.  See?
Hannah, I never would have bothered you but I'm off to Miami and they're gonna take away my ten speed unless I get it straightened out fast.
Hey, easy...
If you don't like it down there, why don't you quit?
FBI too?
--you don't really think you're being followed?
This is practically a high school reunion for us, Jane--I would have sprung for a classier place.
Think Sloan's being set up as a fall guy for John Mitchell? Sometimes it looks that way.
Gordon Liddy, you mean?
It's awfully hot--  --and you haven't finished telling me about the money--
Sloan knew which five, didn't he?
Who were they?
Which people?
Could buy a lot of steaks, 350,000 dollars.
--it was all in hundreds, wasn't it?
It's obvious you want to talk to someone--well, I'm someone.
I was just curious--you don't do it well, so I wondered. Have you been threatened, if you told the truth, is that it?
--right, right, I've got to go.  Why did you lie just then?
You were Hugh Sloan's bookkeeper when he worked for Maurice Stans at Finance, and we were sort of wondering, did you go work for Stans immediately after Sloan quit or was there a time lapse?
We don't tell anyone that. Which is why you can talk to us. And if we can't verify what you say someplace else, we don't print it. That's another reason you can relax.
But I want you to know that I understand why you're afraid--a lot of good people down there at the Committee are afraid. I'm really sorry for what you're being put through.
Just let me get a match.
Irwin? I really feel bad, doing something like this--you know that, don't you?
Who by?
Just tell me about the goddamn article.
Something maybe big.
No games, Irwin; give.
So tell me about the Times article.
Why couldn't you have just dialed me from the office, Irwin?
--if we wrote a story that said Haldeman controlled the fund?--
--that leaves Haldeman, period.
--it's gotta be Haldeman--someone from the White House had to be involved--
--this'll only take one second--
What happens when the baby comes?
Ordinarily, though, what was the procedure?
Right.
Kalmbach--Nixon's personal lawyer.
But they both worked at the White House?
To cover up?
Because people at the Committee were told to lie to the prosecutors?
Do you think the truth will come out at the trial?
--then again, maybe things are even worse than we've written--
