You'll have to find that out, won't you?--
--you've done worse than let Haldeman slip away, you've got people feeling sorry for him--I didn't think that was possible. A conspiracy like this-- the rope has to tighten slowly around everyone's neck. You build from the outer edges and you go step by step. If you shoot too high and miss, then everybody feels more secure. You've put the investigation back months.
I was being cautious.  You can safely say more then fifty...
Yes, yes, everything. There were over fifty people employed by the White House and CREEP to ratfuck-- some of what they did is beyond belief.
Nationwide--my God, they were frightened of Muskie and look who got destroyed--they wanted to run against McGovern, and look who they're running against. They bugged, they followed people, false press leaks, fake letters, they canceled Democratic campaign rallies, they investigated Democratic private lives, they planted spies, stole documents, on and on-- don't tell me you think this was all the work of little Don Segretti.
--don't you miss the grand scheme too.
Follow every lead--every lead goes somewhere--
--don't concentrate on Segretti or you'll miss the overall scheme too.
Total manipulation. I suppose you could say they wanted to subvert the Constitution, but they don't think along philosophical lines.
You get nothing from me about Haldeman?
Of course--my God, you think something this big just happens? The break-in and the cover up, of course Mitchell knew, but no more than Ehrlichman.
Someone with authority I'd imagine, wouldn't you?  Don't you know what you're onto? Come on.
They know, but they focused on the burglary--if it didn't deal with the break-in, they didn't pursue it.
I hope you noticed how coolly I behaved under the threat of discovery.
Did you change cabs?  It didn't work, something moved there--
You'll have to find that out, won't you.
Yes, the little ratfuckers are now running our government.
In my day, it was simply called the double cross. I believe the CIA refers to it as Mindfuck. In our context, it simply means infiltration of the Democrats.
My turn to keep you waiting.  What's the topic for tonight?
Talk? Once, at a gathering, he put his hand over a candle. And he kept it there. He kept it right in the flame until his flesh seared. A woman who was watching asked, "What's the trick?" And he replied. "The trick is not minding."
What I know, you'll have to find out on your own.
--melodramatic?  Things are past that--remember, these are men with switchblade mentalities who run the world as if it were Dodge City.
You changed cabs? You're sure no one followed you?
Go on.
Follow the money. Always follow the money.
Because the press stinks too--history on the run, that's all you're interested in.  You come up with anything?
Then there must be something, mustn't there. Look, forget the myths the media's created about the White House-- the truth is, these are not very bright guys, and things got out of hand.
You thought I'd help out on specifics?  I'll confirm what you get, try to keep you on the right track, but that's all.  Are you guys really working?  How much?
I saw the flag signal--what's up?
