And?--
Speak.
--you got more than one source?--
You're the fella who forgot he rented a Hertz car, do I have to tell you they didn't forget to send us the bill?
--"I think it might be helpful if you'd send me to Toronto." That was your spiel then. "The Lifestyles of Deserters."  I'm still waiting for it.
I'm the one sent you to Toronto, Bernstein--
--so?
--absolutely--and that's all they do, sit sit sit--every once in a while, they call up a Senator, some reporting--
Ask him what he's really saying--he means take the story away from Woodstein and give it to his people at the National Desk--
--correction--when you were drinking your lunch at the bar of the Sans Souci--
--quit equivocating, say what you mean--  --our story got Government Accounting to start an audit on CREEP's finances--
--you are ignoring the importance of the Dahlberg repercussions--
--who you got?--
I think we got a White House consultant linked to the bugging.
So?
Whaddya got, whaddya got?
Just that on his office wall there's a cartoon with a caption reading, "When you've got them by the balls, their hearts and minds will follow."
The second most powerful man is Robert Haldeman. Just below him are a trio: Mr. Erlichman is Haldeman's friend, and they protect the President from everybody which is why they are referred to as either The German Shepherds or the Berlin Wall. Mr. Mitchell we've already discussed. Mr. Colson is the President's special counsel.
The most powerful man in America is President Nixon, probably you've heard his name.
I would liken your query to being in Russia half a century ago and asking someone, "I understand who Lenin is and Trotsky I got too, but who's this yokel Stalin?"
I can't sell hints to Simons--  --you called everyone you know?  Call someone you don't know.
What'd you get on W.House?
As a rough rule of thumb, as far as I can throw Bronco Nagurski, that's how much I trust John Mitchell...
Mr. John Mitchell, the head of CREEP, says it means nothing.  "...This man and the other people involved were not operating on either our behalf or with our consent. These is no place in our campaign or in the electoral process for this type of activity, and we will not forget it or condone it."
Then how come the Associated Press were the ones found out that Mr. McCord is security coordinator for the Committee to Re-elect the President, otherwise known as CREEP?
OK, get on this W.House guy and do a better job then you did on McCord.
Don't know; who the hell's Howard Hunt?  It's probably nothing but check it out. Just go easy, it could be crazy Cubans.
...go on, go on...
Two o'clock, work the phones 'til you go.
As usual, that keen mind of yours has pegged the situation perfectly.  Except  it wasn't local Democratic Headquarters, it was National Democratic Headquarters--  --and  these weren't just any idiots, these were special idiots, seeing as when they were arrested at 2:30 this morning, they were all wearing business suits and Playtex gloves and were carrying--  --a walkie-talkie, forty rolls of film, cameras, lock picks, pen-sized tear gas guns, plus various bugging devices.  Not to mention over two thousand dollars, mostly in sequenced hundred dollar bills.
Where's that cheery face we've come to know and love?
One Senator just gave a speech slurring us 57 times in 20 minutes.
--maybe I'm tense--
--listen, I love this country, you think I want to bring it down?--I'm not some goddamn zany, I was a hawk--
--listen, we didn't make them do these things--once they did, it's our job to report it--
--political, personal, sexual, anything at all against Mitchell?--
I know, I did, but damnit Howard--  For the first time since I've known him, I think he's really humping...
That was awhile ago.
Howard--
I can predict the next words you're gonna say: "anyone but Bernstein."  I want to send a reporter to Miami.
Could develop.
Woodward's onto a new wrinkle with the break-in thing--absolute page one stuff--
