--let me put it this way: I'd have no problem if you did.
I'm not your source on that.
--I'm not your source on that--
--my wife just had the baby, my in- laws are arriving, I'm trying to get the house in some kind of shape.
I really can't talk now--
We're moving.  I've been looking for a job but it's been... hard. My name's been in the papers too much. Sometimes I wonder if reporters understand how much pain they can inflict in just one sentence. I'm not thinking of myself. But my wife, my parents, it's been very rough on them.
Routine--I'd just call John Mitchell over at the Justice Department and he'd say "go ahead, give out the money."
Then Barker withdrew the 25 thousand in hundred dollar bills and gave it back to Liddy who gave it back to me and I put it in the office safe which was crammed.
I will not talk about the other two.
Well, they sure didn't ask us to come forward and tell the truth.
We were never told flat out "Don't talk." But the message was clear.
That's another of the things I'm not so sure of.
Try and understand this. I'm a decent Republican. I believe in Richard Nixon. I worked in the White House four years--so did my wife. What happened on June 17 I don't think the President knew anything about. Some of his men I'm not so sure of.
--they're worse. That's why I quit.
Of course--everything they asked--
No, none of those.
A girl. Melissa.
Well, when Liddy came and asked for money for what turned out to be the break-in funds, I went to the safe and gave him--out of this whole fortune--I happened to give him the same hundreds he gave me--banks have to keep track of hundreds. If the money had been in fifties, or if I'd grabbed a different stack, there probably wouldn't have been any Watergate story.
Badly.  You don't realize how close all this came to staying undiscovered--I gave Liddy the Dahlberg check and he gave it to Barker who took it to Miami and deposited it.
I can't say anything, I'm sorry.
I won't talk about the other two.
Colson's too smart to get directly involved with something like that.
When so ordered.
No. It was closer to seven hundred thousand.
As opposed to the Committee? The Committee's not an independent operation. Everything is cleared with the White House. I don't think that the FBI or the prosecutors understand that.
I'd like to talk to you, I really would, but my lawyers say I shouldn't until after the Watergate trial.
My wife told me to expect you.  As you know, I haven't talked to the press.
