So I guess you could say that we screwed up, but we weren't wrong.
Goddamnit!--
Only everything...
Hmm?
--We got twenty minutes to deadline--
--Deep Throat won't confirm--I never thought he was scared of anyone, but he's scared of Haldeman.
--Sloan told the Grand Jury--he answered everything they asked him-- that means there's a record somewhere--
--he said John Haldeman, not Bob Haldeman--
Maybe we are...
Same as Magruder, I don't like it when they turn out to be human.
It's nothing personal, though.
What if I went up and introduced myself--think he'd slug me?
Haldeman.
I think that's him.
--we're working on the last guy now and we're going all the way--that fifth man was Haldeman.
--That cash fund that financed the sabotaging of the Democrats--five guys had control--
We're inside the White House now.
Could have won him a fraternity paddle with a White House seal.  God knows it worked.
It makes a crazy kind of sense-- remember that initiation rite they have at the White House? Each new member of the President's staff has to prove his guts by getting an enemy of Nixon.
You asking would I have been one of the President's men?  I would have been.
California, Illinois, Florida, New Hampshire--all the major Democratic primary states.  Why does everything you play sound the same?
Segretti criss-crossed the country over ten times in six months--and never stayed anyplace over a night or two.  Switch to another station, huh? You're driving me crazy with that.
If he self-destructed.
So maybe Watergate wasn't really about Watergate--maybe that was just a piece--
The burglary was done by Cubans or Democrats or Republicans.
--Haldeman I know, who else?
How high up, which Republicans?
--I haven't said anything--
Then he's got an ax.  Call him anyway.
--has he got an ax?--
--shit, who do we know?--
--I know, I know--
--shit--
--just that a lot of reports were sent to CREEP, but he doesn't name who, not here anyway--
--The L.A. Times has a huge interview with Baldwin--
We'd like to wait til we have all five before we print it.
--there had to be a White House overseer--
Think Sloan's back?  What's wrong?
You want me to be the bastard.
You mean, who's going to play the mean M.P. and who's going to be the nice one?  Whichever.
That happens to people.  OK, go on.
--we will--
Then tomorrow's grand jury indictments will just be bullshit.
Go on, go on--
Did he just say what I think he said?
Nixon.
When?
Sure.
And I'm a Republican.
--you believe in the President, you wouldn't ever want to do anything disloyal.
It's safe, try it, you'll see.
And that something's got to be more than just Hunt, Liddy, and the five burglars--those indictments are gonna be bullshit when they come down. What else do we know?
Anything you've got.
It's not us, they were scared before we got there.  What do we know?
This is terrific work, if you like rejection.
You're not a kid anymore.
Who's first?
It was there. I just don't get it; a CREEP secretary being scared, that's one thing. But what does the wife of one of the most powerful men in America have to be afraid of...?
--she was panicked, Carl--every time I mentioned Watergate, you could tell.
For the paper, no; for us, plenty.  I waited a long time and finally this big guy--I guess a bodyguard-- he left and I knocked and she remembered me, we talked awhile.
--you do?--with access to records?
Why didn't we get that?
--fifteen phone calls--
--see?--
The fucking New York Times.
I met a Presidential aide once at a social occasion.
July of '71.
You think they are confidential? I don't know anything about how this town works, I haven't lived here a year yet.
--a spy, you mean?
--Hunt doesn't seem like your ordinary consultant.
What do you think he meant, this particular incident? Were there others? How would we find out? You know anyone important?
Hey?
Right. Nixon didn't get where he got by being dumb--  --listen, that was a Watergate question--
And McCord was carrying an application for college press credentials for the Democratic convention.  The Times has got to be full of it-- it can't be crazy Cubans.
--I'm not interested in theory. What do we know? For example, Hunt's disappeared.
All right, what do we know?
I was sure trying.
It's OK; I'm sorry I called you a failure.
Fuck you, Carl.
Carl?
What is it about my writing that's so rotten?
--no way--
--I'm smart enough to know my story was solid--
--Bradlee went to Harvard--
--and you've had some fucking meteoric rise, that's for sure--by the time you turn forty you might be the head of the Montana bureau--
--I have to stand here and listen to the staff correspondent from Virginia?--
--it was fine the way it was--
What the hell were you doing rewriting my story--
Mitchell started the cover-up early, everyone is involved in the cover- up, all the way to the top. The whole U.S. intelligence community is mixed in with the covert activities. The extent of it is incredible.  And people's lives are in danger, maybe including ours.
Electronic surveillance.
--I'm sure--
--he went to her apartment and he told her--
--his dialing finger must be falling off--
--I saw him. He verifies.
He approved the payments to Liddy while he was still Attorney General--
I don't know titles.
You asking me to disclose my source?
I was told by this guy at the White House that Hunt was investigating Teddy Kennedy.
I have nothing more to say.
It was really nice of you to come, since you'd only met him once.
A Miami social occasion?  Mr. Rafferty told me the Cubans were from Miami.
You're a lawyer and you're here--
Your clients were arrested with a walkie-talkie; they didn't need that to talk among themselves.
Did you know to come because one of the other men involved in the break- in called you?
Well, they never would have been assigned if anyone had known the burglars had arranged for their own counsel. And that could only mean the burglars didn't arrange for their own counsel--they never even made a phone call.  So if they didn't ask for you to be here, how did you know to come?
Probably you're right, but a little while ago, I was talking to a couple of lawyers who'd been assigned to represent the burglars.
What I don't understand is how you got here.
--you have nothing more to say, I understand that.
Mr. Rafferty was very helpful. Four Cuban-Americans and this other man, James McCord.
Douglas Caddy, the attorney of record, when questioned about his presence in the courtroom, denied he was in the courtroom, "I'm not here," Mr. Caddy said.
OK.
Mr. Caddy? My name's Bob Woodward, I'm from the Post and I wanted to ask about how you happened to come on this case--
Well, was it in a bar, her apartment, some restaurant--
Sorry, Ken; listen, one last thing: where did your talk with Berger happen?
She's an awfully good reporter--I can't remember her getting too much wrong before, can you?
You claiming it was all a misunderstanding, Ken?
That checks out with our finding, thank you, Mr. Dahlberg.
I see. And how do you think it reached Miami?
Yes, sir.
The twenty-five thousand dollar one.  The one with your name on it.  In Bernard Barker's Florida account.  Bernard Barker, the Watergate burglar--
--this should take only a minute, Mr. Dahlberg, but we're doing a follow- up on the break-in--  --and I was kind of curious about your check.
We know that--and if we were wrong, we're resigning--were we wrong?
--I know, I know, the pressure's off the White House and it's all back on the Post--
Fifty ratfuckers directed by the White House to destroy the Democrats?
And Justice and FBI know all this?
How grand?
--the Canuck letter--was that a White House operation--
There were more then.
Talk about Segretti--
Why did they do all this for Chrissakes?--what were they after?
Haldeman too?
Mitchell knew then.
Why didn't they?--who told them not to?
Do Justice and the FBI know what we know, and why the hell haven't they done anything about it?
What?
The slush fund at CREEP financed the ratfucking, we've almost got that nailed down, so--
Who?--be specific. How high up?
I know what it means--Segretti wouldn't go on the record, but if he would, we know he'd implicate Chapin. And that would put us inside the White House.
Ratfucking.
Liddy--you think there's a chance he'll talk?
What's the whole thing about--do you know?
I did everything you said, but it all seemed--
This man Gordon Liddy--he's going to be tried along with Hunt and the five burglars--we know he knows a lot, we just don't know what.
To where?
John Mitchell resigned as head of CREEP to spend more time with his family. That doesn't exactly have the ring of truth.  Howard Hunt's been found--there was talk that his lawyer had 25 thousand in cash in a paper bag.
If you don't like them, why won't you be more concrete with me?
I don't know maybe sixteen, eighteen hours a day--we've got sources at Justice, the FBI, but it's still drying up.
Nothing, that's the problem--the story's gone underground.
I was just kind of wondering why your name and phone number were in the address books of two of the men arrested at Watergate?
Hi, I'm Bob Woodward of the Post and--
Hello, I'm Bob Woodward of the Washing Post and...  Mullen and Company Public Relations? Could you tell me when you expect Mr. Hunt?  He is?
Nobody ever had too much.
I would, if you really ever wanted to know.
It is.
I couldn't say.
Some Justice Department lawyers and an FBI man, and some people from the Committee to Re-Elect, yes ma'am.
It may never come out.
No.
I think so.
--I'm Woodward.
--well, Sloan--
I never asked them about Watergate. I only said what were Hunt's duties at the White House. They volunteered that he was innocent when nobody asked was he guilty.
Hunt is Colson's man--  --that's Charles Colson, Nixon's special counsel--  --they both went to Brown University--  --Hunt worked for the C.I.A. till '70, and this is on deep background, the FBI thinks he's involved with the break-in.
Thanks, Harry.  Know anything about Colson?
Who's Colson, Harry?
Who's Charles Colson?
Lotsa hints--
You can't believe that.
The head of security for the reelection of a Republican President got caught bugging the national offices of the Democrats? What the hell does that mean?
I did all right on McCord.
That's everything Bachinski had, I think it's worth following up.
Preliminary hearing at Superior Courthouse?
You call me in on my day off because some idiots have broken into local Democratic Headquarters--tell me, Harry, why should I be smiling?
He just did.
--and he says Chapin hired Segretti--
Larry Young, a California lawyer--
You think she wants us to ease up on the story?
What do you think Mrs. Graham wants to see me for?
--no--
Absolutely.
According to White House personnel, Hunt definitely works there as a consultant for Colson. But when I called the White House Press office, they said he hadn't worked there for three months. Then the P.R. guy said the weirdest thing to me.  "I am convinced that neither Mr. Colson nor anyone else at the White House had any knowledge of, or participation in, this deplorable incident at the Democratic National Committee."
--look, when the Watergate grand jury questioned you, did you name names?
--and it wasn't Ehrlichman or Colson or the President.
A boy or a girl?
Go on.
One thing I'm not completely clear on--when you gave out the money to Liddy, how did that work?
Haldeman.  Right?
We're not sure we've got all the guys who could order you, but we know there were five.
And as treasurer, you could release those funds?
The report on the cash in Maurice Stans' safe, the three hundred fifty thousand, that's true?
Does "they" mean the White House?
You handed out the money. Maybe there's a legitimate explanation for the way it was done--
Mr. Sloan?
You work there, Miss Abbott.
No, I'm a reporter. I wanted to talk to you about the Committee to Re- Elect.
Hi. I'm Bob Woodward of the Washington Post and I hate to bother you at home--
