Goodbye, folks!
I can't come back!  I don't know how it works!
Times being what they were, I accepted the job, -- retaining my balloon against the advent of a quick get-away.  And in that balloon, my dear Dorothy, you and I will return to the land of E Pluribus Unum!
Frightened?  You are talking to a man who has laughed in the face of death -- sneered at doom and chuckled at catastrophe.  I was petrified.  Then suddenly the wind changed, and the balloon floated down into the heart of this noble city, where I was instantly acclaimed Oz, the First Wizard de Luxe!
Yes-s-s -- that...that's exactly so.  I'm a humbug!
No, I'm afraid it's true. There's no other Wizard except me.
Uhhhh -- yes...
...excellence to the Miracle Wonderland Carnival Company -- until one day, while performing spectacular feats of stratospheric skill never before attempted by civilized man, an unfortunate phenomena occurred. The balloon failed to return to the fair.
Yes. Dorothy -- ah -- Dor --
Ah --
You do? boys, you're aiming low. You not only surprise, but you grieve me.
Well, you can't.  As for you, my fine friend -- you're a victim of disorganized thinking.  You are under the unfortunate delusion that simply because you run away from danger, you have no courage.  You're confusing courage with wisdom.  Back where I come from, we have men who are called heroes.  Once a year, they take their fortitude out of mothballs and parade it down the main street of the city.  And they have no more courage than you have.  But! They have one thing that you haven't got! A medal!  Therefore -- for meritorious....
Therefore, by virtue of the authority vested in me by the Universitatus Committeeatum e plurbis unum, I hereby confer upon you the honorary degree of Th.D.
Well --
Well, I --
Well, I --
Well, I --
Yes.
Uh - now, please don't be angry with me. I'll - I'll do anything you say, only... only if you don't shout at me. It makes me nervous!
-- Ruined my exit!
This is a highly irregular procedure! This is absolutely unprecedented!
Yes -- ....
As for you, my galvanized friend, you want a heart! You don't know how lucky you are not to have one. Hearts will never be practical until they can be made unbreakable. I could have been a world figure, a power among men, a - a successful wizard, had I not been obstructed by a heart.
