I think I've talked about this enough. I don't know how far I can go, Ben. I don't know if I can prosecute or not, but I think maybe I can. In the light of what's happened I think maybe I can get you behind bars if you ever look at my daughter again. I have seen Elaine and I have spent the afternoon taking steps to insure...
Well -- I'm sure you think you do, Ben, but after a few times in bed with Elaine I feel quite sure you'd get over that as quickly as you --
Don't shout at me, Ben.
Shaking hands. Well, that's not saying much for my wife, is it?
That's quite a statement.
Why?
Well, I don't think we have a whole lot to say to each other, Ben. I do think you should know the consequences of what you've done. I do think you should know that my wife and I are getting a divorce soon.
You don't respect me terribly much either, do you?
Do you want to unclench your fists, please? Thank you. I can see in the dark, you know. I've been here quite a while.
Ben, I think we're two civilized human beings. Do you think it's necessary to threaten each other?
Well, Ben, it was quite a bit to do with me.
Is there something I've said that's caused this contempt? Or is it just the things I stand for that you despise?
Do you have a special grudge against me? Do you feel a particularly strong resentment for me?
Do you want -- do you want to try and tell me why you did it?
What would you say to a short one? Bourbon still your drink?
Because I just think you two would hit it off real well together.
That's what I'd do if I could. Nothing wrong with that. Hey Ben, Elaine's coming down from Berkeley soon. I want you to call her up this time.
Hi, Ben. What are you doing with yourself these days?
Great.
Ben -- I want you to give her a call.
Oh say -- Elaine gets down from Berkeley on Saturday.
What? You look like the kind of guy that has to fight them off.  Doesn't he look to you like the kind of guy who has to fight them off?
You have yourself a few flings this summer. I bet you're quite a ladies' man.
Ben -- I think -- I think you ought to be taking it a little easier right now than you seem to.
So I hope you won't mind my giving you a friendly piece of advice.
In many ways I feel as though you were my own son.
I've watched you grow up, Ben.
How long have you and I known each other? How long have your Dad and I been partners?
How long have we known each other now?
Ben, can I say something to you?
You'll never be young again.
I wish I was that age again. Because, Ben --
That's a hell of a good age to be.
Ben -- how old are you now?
Is anything wrong? You look a little shaken up.
What?
Here. It looks like you need a refill.
Standing guard over the old castle, are you?
Swell. I appreciate it.
