Dick Nixon saying "I'm sorry"? That'll be the day.  The whole suit of armor'd fall off.
Christ, we created Frankenstein with those fucking Cubans.
Yeah?
I figured that out.
You think this is just about politics?
Sure, they did stuff, but nothing like this, Bob.  Forget Watergate, the break-ins, the Enemies list.  You got an attempted firebombing at the Brookings Institution, planting McGovern stuff on the guy that shot Wallace, trying to slip LSD to Jack Anderson.
He's wrong, you know -- about Kennedy, LBJ, Truman.
Why me?
Who's gonna tell Mitchell?
Yeah ... Sullivan thinks Henry's leaking.  He's the one ...
Let's not forget they're just kids, they don't vote.
Anyway, they had to take her to Bellevue.  Maybe she'll stay this time.
Executive privilege will make it look like we're covering up.
Sir, Bob and I are gonna have to testify before Earvin's committee.
It'll never wash.  Pardoning them means we're guilty.  The people, the press will go nuts.
What about England?
He got pretty burned at Chappaquiddick.
I would personally enjoy doing that, sir.
Looks like he talked to Joe Kraft ... and to the Times.  Told them he was dead set against the bombing, that you were ... "unstable."  Claims he has to handle you "with kid gloves" ...
The country's loving it.
He's begging for a meeting, chief.  He wants to go overseas for awhile.
He's in the dumps, sir.  Agnew.  Every time you have him attack the press, they give it back to him in spades. He's become the most hated man in America.
Sir, there's dead American kids here. Let's say we don't apologize for Kent State, but maybe we could have a national prayer day ...
I thought the gloves were off.
Excuse me ... Are you talking about recognizing China, Mr. President? That would cost us our strongest support.
Is the war worth it?  Is it worth a one-term presidency?  Because I think right now that's what we're looking at.
I don't know if I'd go that far, sir.
No, sir.
Uh, we've never done this before, sir ... How do we pay?  In ... hundreds?  Do you fill a black bag full of unmarked bills?
Pay him?  I told him to get out of the country.  It's crazy to start ...
He wants money.
In hiding.  He sent Liddy to talk to me.
Is it legal?  I mean has anyone ever done it before?
Well, he's photogenic.  Let's try dog bones?
He left his White House phone number in his hotel room.
Well, sir ... it turns out -- one of the people implicated is still, you see, on our White House payroll.
McCord? ...
Mitchell?
Mitchell's out of his mind now. Martha just put her head through a plate-glass window.
Colson doesn't know about it; he's pure as a virgin on this one.  It's just not clear the burglars knew what they were looking for.  They were heading to McGovern's office later that night.
