So you tell Mitchell ...
Eight words back in '72 -- "I covered up.  I was wrong.  I'm sorry" -- and the American public would've forgiven him.  But we never opened our mouths, John.  We failed him.
They went after Castro.  In some crazy way it got turned on Kennedy.  I don't think the "P" knows what happened, but he's afraid to find out.  It's got him shitting peach pits.
I think he means the Kennedy assassination.
It's a code or something.
The "Old Man" plays politics harder than anybody else.
How so?
'Cause he hates you.  It's worse when you get it from someone you trust.
You do it.
Yeah, I knew it.  I knew it from '69 on, and I said it all along, didn't I ...
It's the fall of the Roman Empire, are you blind?  And we're putting fig leaves on the statues ...
It was her wrist.  And it was through a plate-glass door.
Sir ... six bodies.
More light, chief?
Helms wants Iran or there might be problems.  All of his old CIA buddies are over there making a fortune off the Shah.
Put Townsend in Belgium; it's available.
He'll give us the documents.  But I think he should be offered the ambassadorship to Iran.  Then he'll go without a whimper.
... I was wondering what's such dynamite in this Bay of Pigs story?  ... although it was clearly effective, because all of a sudden it was no problem for Helms to go to the FBI and try to put a lid on Watergate.
When I met with him, he said ...
We could leverage Helms.
We've got to turn the faucet off on this thing.  It's out of control ...  You might burden just me with this in the future.
You played it perfectly, sir -- cocksucker!  He's going to think twice before he leaks again.
... beating out the other papers, chasing girls ...
Why would they?!  Who the hell's Sulzberger anyway?  Their parents are gold traders from Eastern Europe. They buy things.  They come to Jew York City and they buy up things.  One of the things they buy is the New York Times.  And you know what?  Be proud because they'll never trust you, sir, because we speak for the average American.
Because they're not Americans.
We ought to fire his whining ass. Right now when he's on top.  You know what -- it'll set the right example for the rest of this administration.
So that explains his press notices. Working both sides of the fence: Jewboy Henry, always trying to get his Nobel Prize, get laid ...
Congratulations, boss.  A great victory!  The madman theory wasn't so crazy after all.
Sir?
I believe you're right, boss.
Gentlemen, I think it's about time for us to be getting to the airport.
The blacks are lost, the "schwartzes" are gone ...
The Jews aren't the middle, Henry. They're the far left.
And his staff.  Come on, the copy they were filing from China was great.
Sir?
What?
We really must go, Mr. President.
Mr. President!
Yeah, we've got to get our vice president off the golf course and back there on the college circuit.  That's top priority.
Don't forget the South, sir, the West. Filled with the good football colleges, straight kids.  There's more of 'em with you than against you.  Not like these mudmutts.
Probably flunking, nothing to do except come down here and meet girls. Henry's out there with them.
Run 'em over.
... and we've got the economic guys at five.  The Dow lost another 16 points. They're going to want a decision on the budget.  Sir?  ... Are we holding the line on a balanced budget?
... never complain, never explain, John ...
Sir?
Well, one way or the other, Kent State is not good.  We have to get out in front of this thing.  The PR is going to murder us.
If they didn't tell Kennedy about Track 2, how did Hoover find out?
You never told him?
Alright.  But why, if Kennedy is so clean in all this, didn't he cancel Track 2?
So?  You wanted Castro dead. Everybody wanted Castro dead.  If Hunt and the others are CIA, why don't we just throw this back in the CIA's lap? Let Richard Helms take the fall?
Jesus!
Before?!  Eisenhower approved that?
I don't understand.  Track 2's Chile?
What?  That he knew Johnny Roselli? Hoover knew a lot of gangsters.
Cue the crowd.  Go to the woman's group.  Get the bald guy, he's great ...
Dick, you don't have to make a statement.  Herb covered it for you.
Meanwhile, what happens to the country?
He's treading water.  Don't mention Khrushchev.
He wouldn't do the makeup.  Said it was for queers.
Yes, sir.  I'll talk to Helms, and, uh ... what's our press position on this Watergate thing?  What do I tell Ziegler to tell them?
I'll talk to Helms.  Oh, Pat asked if you're coming to the Residence for dinner tonight.
Sir?
How is this national security?
The only problem with that, sir -- it gets us into obstruction of justice.
He'll need a pretext.  He'll never figure one out for himself.
Yes, sir, but ... do you think Gray'll go for it?
The Bay of Pigs? ... That was Kennedy's screw-up.  How does that threaten us?
All right.
That's right, and it's more a problem for Ehrlichman.  He fixed Hunt up with the phony CIA ID's, but ... what else does Hunt have on us?
You approved that before the fact, because I went over it with you.  But ...
Should we talk to Trini about paying these guys?  Or maybe Chotiner?
We'll work on it.  I say we cut ourselves loose from these clowns and that's all there is to it.
How about a COMINT classification?  We put it on the Huston plan.  Even the designation is classified.
But, sir, you're covered -- no one here gave orders to break into the damned Watergate.  We're clean.  It's only the Ellsberg thing, and if that comes out, it's "national security."
But what are we paying him for?
What do you mean, sir?
Our own intelligence capability -- to fix the leaks?
We were working on China.
It was right after the Pentagon Papers broke.  They went in to get his psychiatric records.
Yes, you approved it, sir.
Definitely.  Colson had him trying to break into Bremer's apartment after Bremer shot Wallace, to plant McGovern campaign literature.
He works for Colson.  He used him on the Pentagon Papers.  We're trying to figure out when he officially stopped being a White House consultant.  After the arrest he dumped his wiretapping stuff into his White House safe.
Apparently he was using some campaign cash that was laundered for us through Mexico.  The FBI's onto it.  We could have a problem with that.
Well, you know, sir, he's a nut.  He used to work here with the "Plumbers" and now he's running this Watergate caper.  You remember his plan to firebomb the Brookings using Cubans as firemen?  He wanted to buy a damned fire truck!  Magruder thinks he's just nutty enough to go off the reservation.
We feel the bigger concern is Gordon Liddy ...
It's possible they were looking for evidence of an illegal Howard Hughes donation to the Democrats, so the Democrats couldn't make an issue of your Hughes money.
It was just a fishing expedition. Apparently it was their fourth attempt at the DNC.
Evidently to install bugs and photograph documents.
