Black Irishman.  Very moving. "Turning and turning in the widening gyre / The falcon cannot hear the falconer / Things fall apart, the center cannot hold / Mere anarchy is loosed upon the world / And everywhere the ceremony of innocence is drowned / The best lack all conviction, while the worst are full of passionate intensity" ... But it ends so beautifully ominous -- "What rough beast, its hours come round at last / Slouches toward Bethlehem to be born?" ... Yes, this country stands at such a juncture.
You must be familiar with my favorite poem by Yeats?  "The Second Coming"?
Flowers are continual reminders of our mortality.  Do you appreciate flowers?
So President Kennedy thought.
By offering Cuba to the Russians as a consolation prize?
This is an extremely dangerous direction, Mr. President.  Terrible consequences can result from such enormous errors in judgement.
Is that why you and Kissinger are negotiating with the Chinese?
... But it has never been the policy of this government to accept that. And it is certainly not CIA policy.
It is not my practice to spy on the president.  Doctor Kissinger manages to convey his innermost secrets to the world at large on his own.
My job, unpleasant sometimes, is to know what others don't want me to know.
I don't think we can treat this as a formality.  Mr. Kennedy made a verbal promise to the Russians not to invade Cuba.  But you authorized Dr. Kissinger to put this in writing.
We have recent intelligence that a Soviet nuclear submarine has docked at Cienfuegos.
Mr. Castro.
It will take a little time, but I'll order a search for your papers. Though it does raise a disturbing issue.
And of course I accept.  I'm flattered.  And I want you to know, I work for only one president at a time.
And me? ...
Current levels may not be sufficient.
Not if I give you all the cards ...
President Kennedy threatened to smash the CIA into a thousand pieces.  You could do the same ...
Diem?  Trujillo?  Lumumba?  Guatemala? Cuba? ... It's a shame you didn't take similar precautions, Dick.
You're referring, of course, to chairing the Special Operations Group as Vice President.
Is there something else that's bothering you, Mr. President?
I'm sure you realize this is a very tricky area, Mr. President, given our charter and the congressional oversight committees ...
Of course we've tried, but so far we've come up with nothing that ...
I suppose, "Mister President," you're unhappy that we have not implemented your Domestic Intelligence plan, but ...
I didn't choose him as my deputy, Mr. President.  You did.
And so shall I.  Arrange some coffee, would you General Cushman?
I'm honored, Dick, that you've come all this way out here to Virginia to visit us at last.
