If things remain as they are ... He's got the anti-war vote.
Would you walk with me down to the paddock?  I'd like to look at the horses for the eighth.
Kennedy -- never.  He'll fry in hell for what he did to me.  But Nixon doesn't know that, which is why I'm gonna have to remind him he needs us a helluva lot more'n we need him.
Not Joaquin, you idiot.  Nixon.  Did you hear what he said in Oregon? About me having too much power.
I want to see him tomorrow, Clyde.
He's lying, Clyde.  Always has. That's why Nixon's always been useful. Hold still.  And take your hand off your hip.
It won't.  As long as I'm here.
No one.  Your property.  It would prove your case.  Why do you think Kissinger's taping your calls?  For history.  His word against yours -- and right now he's got the records.
I always get my man.
He's obsessed with his own image.  He wants his Nobel Peace Prize a little too much.  As the late "Doctor" King proved -- even an ape can win a prize with good press.
Well, you have CIA people all over the place.  Helms has seen to that.  Then there's Kissinger's staff. Kissinger himself, I believe, maybe the leaker.
That was a mistake.  The White House was full of Kennedy people then.  It still is.
Johnson had the same damned problem till he bugged his own office.
Don't listen to 'em, don't quit. Remember - Kennedy, Bobby, and King were against the war.  Where are they now?  Don't give 'em a goddamn inch on the war.  President Johnson bombed Laos for years and nobody knew or said a thing.  How the hell the Times ever got ahold of this Ellsberg stuff is a disgrace!
Remember what Lenin said in 1917, Mr. President: "The power was lying in the streets just waiting for someone to pick it up."  The Communists have never been closer.  Now is the time to go back to the old themes, the ones that made you president.  Let the Communists know you're onto them.
You asked if you could count on my support ... As long as I can count on yours.
I know ...
You'll win the nomination.
I know you've been very careful not to.  That's why I'm concerned.
Yes.  Your old friend from Cuba.
I'm trying to spare you an embarrassment.  Johnny Roselli is on his way back here.
How about you?  Are you going to win?
Actually, I've just had a bit of luck.
Thank you for coming, Dick.
Turn this crap off, Clyde.  It's giving me a headache ... You may go, Joaquin.
It was the poorest lemon ranch in California, I can tell you that.  My father sold it before they found oil on it.
