Not at all.  This is not going to leak, is it?
Uh ... not really.  You mean on my knees?
You have many friends ... and admirers ...
If they harass you, I, too, will resign.  And I will tell the world why.
They will understand, sir.  To be undone by a third-rate burglary is a fate of biblical proportions.  History will treat you far more kindly than your contemporaries.
Oh God, I'm going to throw up.
Can you imagine what this man would have been had he ever been loved?
Mr. Nixon, it is possible for even a president to go too far.
I had nothing to do with that, sir, and I resent any implication ...
I ... I heard something ... It sounded idiotic.
But it must be done; your government is paralyzed.
You'll pick up the middle on this one - the Jews and Negros.
We have to entertain the possibility ...
Mr. President, this cannot be breathed!  Especially to our secretary of state -- that cretin Rogers ... The Chinese would never trust us again. The only way, I emphasize only way, to pull this off is in secret.
Exactly, yes, Mr. President.  That is my contention.
Exactly, sir.  That is your historical contribution: to lead boldly in an era of limits.
What I think is ... they're cowards. Their opposition represents the cowardice of the Eastern Establishment.  They don't realize as you do, Mr. President, that the Communists only respect strength, and they will only negotiate in good faith if they fear the "madman," Richard Nixon.
Well, as you know, most of my staff have weighed in against this "incursion."  They believe it will fail to achieve anything fundamental militarily, and will result in crushing criticism domestically ...
But they all got it back again, didn't they?  We should have lunch sometime.
Finally someone who's noticed!  I'm a great admirer of yours, too, Mr. Nixon.  You are an unusual politician. We share a mutual idol -- "Six Crises" sounds like a page from Churchill.
There's no other choice.
Who are you talking to like this, you insignificant shit ...
He's turned into a drug fiend, he shot people from helicopters in Vietnam, he has sexual relations with his wife in front of their children.  He sees a shrink in L.A.  He's all fucked up. Now he's trying to be a hero to the liberals ... If he gets away with it, everybody will follow his lead.  He must be stopped at all costs.
He was, he was.  We taught a class together at Harvard.  But you know these back-stabbing Ivy League intellectuals, they can't ...
I beg your pardon --
Mr. President, we are in a revolutionary situation.  We are under siege -- Black Panthers, Weathermen; The State Department under Rogers is leaking like a sieve.  And now this insignificant little shit Ellsberg publishing all the diplomatic secrets of this country will destroy our ability to conduct foreign policy.
Secret, Mr. Chairman?
But your writings have changed the world, Mr. Chairman.
You know, Mr. Chairman, at Harvard I used your writings in my class.
