Sure. See ya.
Oh thank god. Maybe this whole thing is really over.
Frida? You okay?
Sorry -- I shouldn't go on about myself at a time like this. Are you sure you're going to be okay?
We were -- I was just so tempted... It was sort of a test. I think after sleeping with Benito I know I want to be with George. But now George knows about Benito and he doesn't want to be with me!
No, he's the guy I'm having an affair with.
About Benito.
I think George knows.
No. I won't let you do that.
I guess you'll find out.
Remember what Madame Sconce said. If you love him he'll be fine.
You'll get through this. You were fine for over three weeks.
You scared the shit out of me. I thought you were killing yourself.
Fall in love.
What choice do we have?
The weird thing is... he shot her with a silver bullet.
She died at age 34 in the 1800's. They thought she was crazy. She was banished from her town. Seems her husband shot her.
"The female-cycle werewolf will only kill men and never kills someone she truly loves." See I knew you never loved Mark.
This is from a scientist in France, Madame Sconce. "The original werewolves were females. They became werewolves on the lunar cycle because it corresponded to the woman's cycle. My suspicion is that the only cure is true love."
Check out what I found.
We don't know you're a werewolf. It might never happen again. You have to get on with your life.
Maybe you should go out with him. If you keep avoiding him he'll get suspicious. Besides, what better way to not get busted than to date the cop who's investigating you.
Symptoms include loss of emotional control, compulsive behavior, cravings, crying spells...
So are you. Look, go about your life. Act like nothing's wrong. We'll get to the bottom of this.
Let's do some research. I'll check the libraries. You surf the web.
Does that mean this whole thing is over?
Well if he does, he didn't give you away. He must really like you.
Hide him.
Tell them you'll meet them outside.
Ignore it.
You expecting someone?
At least I finally saw the reason you couldn't get over Mark.
Okay, let's say that this is PMS- related. You think those male cops are going to understand that? You'll either be locked up for murder or locked up in the looney bin. We have to keep this hidden until we figure it out ourselves.
If you ask me, the fucker got what he deserved. I'm glad he's dead.
Why the fuck would you do that?
You say murder, but you have no idea what happened. You don't remember doing it, so it's out of your control.
How could I? I'm helping you clean up Mark's remains and you ask how could I cheat on George?
There's kind of this guy I'm seeing.
First of all, you're my alibi. I told George I was with you last night.
DON'T call the police.
What happened to his tooth?
He's been here all night?
Did you get rid of Mark?
I'm stopping by later. I'm worried about you. Bye.
Get rid of him!
Relax. Carlton was torn apart. No way could you have done that. Maybe you saw someone kill him and blocked it out... or...
And he was missing an arm.
Frida, Carlton's dead.
Tuesday. Are you okay?
Frida? I was worried to death about you. I've called you for two days. Where have you been?
Frida, listen to yourself. If I said I was a werewolf, would you believe me?
Maybe the blood was from your period like before.
You're delusional. Maybe you had a bad dream and bit your lip -- so you tasted blood. And the severed arm... well I don't see it and... maybe this is all in your head.
You're a PMS werewolf. Of course. Frida, are you on drugs?
And what makes you think you killed a man?
So where's this infamous arm now?
Frida, you're not making sense. I can't come over right now.
You fucked Carlton? See I told you he liked you.
Frida, this is a bad time. We're having sex and George actually answered the phone.
It's just cause mine is finer. A little bleach'll fix that.
No they're not.
Geez, I wish I'd get it like that.
You might want to tape your nipples down next time. It's really distracting.
I still thought it was a purse.
Charming Carlton.
I think he called you beautiful.
Well whatever it was, seems to have worked cause you look great.
Great. George is meeting Carlton first for drinks. We can meet and go together. It'll be a blast.
No he didn't. Come on, I don't want to be alone with those two. All they talk about is basketball and it bores the hell out of me.
Hey, Carlton's in town -- come out with the three of us.
Frida, this hair thing is all in your head. You're using it as an excuse not to get close to anyone.
How'd it go with the cop?
You have to stop being so self- critical Frida.
You're at his place, and you come out of the bathroom looking all shy and say, "I'm so embarrassed but could you run out and get me some tampons?" If he says no, he's too embarrassed, then you know he's a wus. If he says he's got some in the bathroom, then you know there are other women around a lot. But if he says yes and goes to get you tampons, well then he's a decent guy. Then, while he's out...
Give him the tampon test.
Hmmm. Sounds suspicious.
Frida, I'm your friend. I'm not judging you... You didn't sleep with the creep did you?
Why didn't you tell me? You said you hadn't seen him for a month.
Gross, so this is Mark's flesh? When did you see him?
He wasn't wearing a ring. But you don't want to date a cop Frida. They're so blue collar.
Rule one: always wear make-up.
Uh huh... good thing those cops didn't see that.
Are those Mark's?
I thought you were going to stop wearing your glasses.
At least your PMS is over.
And then?
What? Why the hell did he do that?
I guess you're off that vegetarian kick you've been on for ten years.
Did you get smashed or what? You have to eat if you're drinking. And not just those little salads.
You don't think so? You either did or your didn't.
No, did you fuck him?
So did you do it?
To sound like big macho cops. He was probably just found with a knife in his back.
I'm sure they were exaggerating.
There you go, blaming yourself for everything again.
Hey, did you get contacts?
You are not Frida, we all have a little hair there. I didn't even notice till you showed me. We can bleach that, it's no big deal.
I don't see anything. Maybe just a little.
Where?
They better. Of course, trouble is, you never know what they'll expect for it. You gotta know what to order, and what you're willing to do. Like if a guy spends a fortune on you, he's gonna feel like you owe him something.
Are you kidding? He might as well say, "Can I date rape you?"
What I really hated about dating was the lines guys used to get into my apartment. "Can I use your phone?" "How about a nightcap?" "I want to meet your cat." And my all-time favorite, the old standby, "I have to use your bathroom."
Maybe he likes you, ever think of that? It's good for you to go out -- get your mind off Mark.
I kind of asked him to. We were, you know... he got a little carried away...
What a bitch. You should see a doctor. That can be dangerous. George bit me once and I had to go to the emergency room.
And she got the medium.
Frida, grab that red one.
There's a sale. It's such a nice place -- classical music, relaxing atmosphere. You deserve to pamper yourself. Come on, it can't hurt.
It's not about him seeing you in it. It's how you feel. You'll feel sexy in lingerie and it'll show. It's an inner thing.
Okay, just one more stop and you'll be all set. Victoria's Secret.
Or if your boyfriend's an asshole.
Try to get through dinner without them. You have beautiful eyes.
Can't you get contacts?
Do you really need these?
How about I give you a make-over? You'll feel better about yourself. You're actually pretty, you're just not bringing it out.
I get a little bloated sometimes.
Frida, I don't mean this as a criticism, but you might not want to talk about PMS around men.
Maybe he's just shy.
People notice you Frida.
So don't look in his eyes.
Every woman at some point has to date a musician. I wish you'd get rid of Mark for good. Every time you break up you see him more than when you were going out.
Your shrink always gives you bad advice. He only hears what you choose to tell him. Mark's an asshole, he cheated, he borrowed money and never paid it back, he's never had a regular job.
Anything's better than Mark.
Well that's not going to happen tonight. George said Carlton's a nice guy.
Come on, we've been double dating since the fourth grade.
She's my best friend. I gotta be there for her -- no matter how crazy it sounds. I've been in some bad relationships and she's been there for me. She's lonely. If pretending she's a werewolf helps, then more power to her.
Take some allergy medicine.
Don't be stupid George. Obviously if she's a werewolf, she can't be around a cat. She might eat it and besides, cats are afraid of wolves.
It's so bad she becomes a werewolf.
Tell her I'm eating.
So now being with Frida is lucky? I thought you said she was a flake.
I wonder how Frida and Carlton are getting along?
She's just insecure. Once you get to know her she's fabulous.
Come on, I've been working with Frida. Carlton won't even recognize her now. She's really coming out of her shell.
Yeah and when we're mad at each other we're out of sync. It only works if you're on good terms.
So I asked the bartender what "coyote ugly" meant. It's like the "bagger" system. You know, a two- bagger -- someone so ugly that you need two bags -- one bag to put on their head and another one in case it blows off. Or a three-bagger...
See he was cheating from the get go.
I don't know, I guess the outfits are cool. And I want a big gun.
I was thinking about becoming a cop myself. Do you take a test or something or just sign up?
You want her sheets?
How the hell is that your business?
Jesus Christ she got her period. Relax guys. It happens.
