Packages of money.
How big?
You got a dog?
Seems you were the last to see Carlton alive. And the last to see Gregory alive.
You heard about Carlton Fraser?
We can get a warrant if you like.
A kiss? Did you have sex with him?
Looks like it was your only date. Unless you go to his funeral.
Did he come home with you? Did you go to his apartment?
It's about Gregory Jameson. He's dead.
Can't figure out the species. Similar to a wolf. They're jokin' at the lab that a werewolf probably killed him. Ain't that the stupidest thing you ever heard?
Just this morning. Animal hairs were found all over the victims.
And that was 28 days ago today.
She says she's on the rag every time I get called in to investigate a murder.
My girlfriend's predicting another murder in the next few days.
Which brings up an interesting point. I wasn't following you. I was following the suspect. And you just happened to be there...
I know. I followed you. To the zoo, to her house, to your house...
And fifth, you're dating her.
It has to be Frida. This makes three guys ripped apart who are tied to her ass.
You think mafia hit?
Like a vampire or some shit?
It's a bit farfetched that Mark would rip guys to shreds just outta jealousy. This makes no sense.
One of our only leads... You had dates with both men right before they were killed.
This one walk you home too?
Yeah okay. I still say Frida's involved. She's the last one to see two dudes alive...
Poseur was missing a chunk of his neck. And his eyes were open. That always bugs me out. Do me a favor, if some mutherfucker's about to blow me away, remind me to close my fuckin' eyes.
Nah, East Village poseur was grosser than the dude in the park.
Sounds like you got a conflict of interest.
She's got a hidden pitbull. Maybe she hired someone to kill them.
This is more than fishy, this chick dates a dude and he winds up dead.
I still don't get when you gave her back the pillowcase.
And he was missing an arm.
And you think I'm sick?
Back in the '80's. You didn't see the pictures? They were from before she got famous. She was hairy as hell. Her pits, her bush.
Waiting for DNA tests. He was hairier than Madonna in Penthouse.
I checked all the zoos. No missing animals. You think a pitbull?
Hey, there was a lot of blood.
Frida's sheets checked out fine. It was just her own blood. From her... you know.
Nah, man, I'm just saying, you should never date a woman who was the last one to see a guy alive.
No man. Blood is not a turn on. You sure let that Frida off the hook. You weren't even going to take the sheets. If I didn't know better, I'd think you liked her.
Hell no, I'm not into that shit. The sight of blood makes me sick.
I didn't trust her. All that blood on the sheets. She may look sweet, but she could be a wolf in sheep's clothing. Something's weird.
Torn apart. Limb from limb. A bloody gruesome mess.
Hey, you hear about the chick that came in today? Said some chick bit her at Victoria's Secret. Bitches are outta control these days.
You kiddin'? They try to get ME drunk.
Nah, I don't wanna break up with Wanda, I just wanna see Carmen too.
