Ten'll get you fifty you're playing hookey from a padded cell!
Son, I don't fancy shooting mosquitoes with elephant guns.  So suppose you just shuffle along and call it a day...
And what have I done to her, besides not buy her a new fur coat lately?  Sidney, you were right -- the boy's a dilly.
If looks could kill, I'm dead...
Son, you raise your voice again and you'll be outa here on your golden pratt!
May I lift my eyebrows?  What is this?  What are you trying to do?
Susie, as always, is free to say anything she thinks.  Go on, dear, say exactly what's on your mind, dear.
You hear that, Susie...  Continue please...
Right now you're in no position to ask questions!  And your snide remarks---
Why do you keep coupling me with Falco?
Frankly, son, you lost me on that last hill.  Just give us the punch line...
Well, just be careful you don't knock her down, huh?
Just exactly what are you so hot about?  I mean, I know it's a difficult thing to be an artist in this crudest of possible worlds, but --
Son, lots of people tell me I'm a gifted man, but I still can't see around corners.
Why, has he bothered you before?
Serious as a deacon...I like it.  I like your style, son!  In a world of old rags and bones, I like it! For instance, take Sidney.
Take it easy, Susie.  He wouldn't be much of a man if he didn't understand my concern.  Would you, son?
I'll by that, son.  Now, you owe ME a favor.  Be good to my kid sister...
Well, son, looks like you went out and bought yourself a packet of trouble...
Susan!...
You in a mood, Susie, to run over to Milgrim's later and buy a few new frocks?
Susie, I'm sorry if---
Before you leave, son, I'll answer your question---Susan Hunsecker is the injured party here!  Or will I be hearing next that I don't even have my sister's welfare at heart...
Susie, did you know about this accusation...?
Susie likes to keep her girlish secrets.  But in her heart of hearts I imagine, Dallas, that she fancies you in an uncommon way. Now, what about YOU, son?  Not just tom-catting around...I hope?
A man couldn't ask for a squarer shake.  Let me have Billy Van Cleve...  Don't ever tell anyone, Susie, how I'm tied to your apron strings...  Billy!  J.J.!  What's this about that boy?  What boy?  Where are we, lug, in a drawing room comedy? You're brain is warming up, sweetheart - yeah, Dallas!...  No, don't explain your point of view, but...
Susie, I want to help you--, there's nothing I won't do for you. You're all I've got in the whole, wide world.
I started to say we're drifting apart.  A year ago, in your wildest dreams, would you have walked by that door without taking up this situation with me?  Today I had to call you in!
Let me finish, dear.  You had your say, now let me have mine...
You know, dear, we're drifting apart, you and I, and I don't like that.
Who said Sidney?
I wouldn't have called the boy exactly balanced...
But that wasn't your fault, dear, what happened to Leslie.  I've told you that a million times...
Why are you trembling, dear...?
Not being partial, are you?
Yes, he phoned.  I don't know this boy too well.  Anything in these charges?
What a question, dear, with that newspaper in your hand...
Susie, you're very much in my thoughts today.
We're friends, Harvey - we go as far back as when you were a fresh kid Congressman, don't we?
This man is not for you, Harvey, and you shouldn't be seen with him in public.  Because that's another part of a press agents life - he digs up scandal among prominent men and shovels it thin among the columnists who give him space.
Now don't kid a kidder.
Yes, the Justice, that's right. But I think you had it in the column.
I remember ONCE when you didn't quite "put things together".  Boy! Was the Mayor mad!
Say, that's good - it's nice - in fact, it's APT, Harry!
Say hello to Sidney Falco.  Tickle him - he's been a bad boy tonight. He called you my fat friend.
She mighta jumped.  Love suicide?  Check it for me, Phil...it's a real heart throb.
Incidentally, what happened to that doll? - You gave me the item last night.  Still alive?
Hello, Harry.
You're incapable of the truth...
Talk to her, Sidney...
Is that why you were romancing her, you mutt!  Let's call it quits, my dear.  I'd like it fine if you found another home.  That means the front door is open!  Pack your things, rent a moving van and GIT!  And as for marriage, let me hit you with a few choice facts: you aren't ready for marriage!  You're incompetent - a capricious and shaky frail with a sick fatality for frail and useless men!
Sidney, I told you -
The man in jail is always for freedom.
She knows now.
Are you listening?
Sidney, I know human nature.  Susie lied to me - she'll see that boy again.
What are you so chipper about?  If I put a cross on every one of your mistakes, you'd look like a graveyard!
Don't go wild, Sidney.
Full of beans, ain't you?  But you know that you'll stand or fall by what you're doing now...
What does that mean - integrity?
What's this boy got that Susie likes?
And who's feet is she on now?
Well he's got her in a tizzy, I'll tell you that!
But it's too late.  I got him back the job...
Can't hurt?  I had to get him back his job.
I think you loused this up but good. If I can trust my eyes, and I think I can, Susie knows all about your dirty work.
I got that boy coming over here.  What's so funny?
Sure you can if you want to, and I know you'll want to...  By the way, what's your beef against little Sidney?
Susie, I like this new attitude of yours.  You're growing up and I like it!  I don't like it when you're limp and dependent, when you're odd and wayward.  This gives you a chance for real survival in a very lousy world.  Because, don't forget, dear, you won't always have me with you, will you...?
You're picking up my lingo, hon.
He means that much to you...?
How?
Well, what have I got?  Alimony to a pair of tramps?  They're of no concern to me.  It's you who count, but don't get me wrong - I don't intend to let you break your neck again!
Then maybe you can tell me if he's as solid as you say, why does he rap me every chance he gets?
You mean they've been fired already, on the basis of this crude smear?
When?
What you promised - do it!  Don't finagle around.  It's later than you think.
Ha!  My right hand hasn't seen my left hand for thirty years!
Not "we", Sidney, you!
Are you finished?
I'll listen one more minute.
I don't?
I'm a schoolboy - teach me, teach me.
You told me you'd break up that romance - when?
I like Harry, but I can't deny he sweats a little.
The day that I can't get along without press agents' handouts, I'll close up shop, lock, stock and barrel and move to Alaska.
Yes, with your clients' names attached.  That's the only reason those poor slobs pay you - to see their names in my column all over the world!  Now, as I make it out, you're doing ME a favor!
What, some cheap, gruesome gags?
Why don't you answer the man, Sidalee?  He's trying to take you off the hook.
Match me, Sidney...
Everyone knows Manny Davis...  ...except MRS. Manny Davis.
Mac!  I don't want this man at my table...
No.  You're dead, son - get yourself buried!
You had something to do for me - you didn't do it.
Can I come out?  No.
