Thanks, I see him...
Just hopping tonight.  Leo Bartha been in?
Alone or surrounded?
Is "he" inside?
Then what are you doing here?  Go over there and fight!  If Van Cleve fires your boy, it gives a lie the ring of truth!
Listen, Frank, you'd better make sure you're telling me the truth.
That's a nice tour.  All booked?  When was Susie around here last?
When do these hot-headed boys of yours go on the road?
You told him that?
You told me that your boy was washed up with Susie Hunsecker, didn't you?
Frank, I think maybe you lied to me.
Robard's my client.  I did it for him and his club, not your boys.
See my mother?
And with ten percent of his future, you're great, too, Frank.
Your nephew doesn't want a drink.
Blessings on thee, the both...well... Gotta run now.  See you two kids later!
Give me a chance --
Otis was outraged when I told him Van Cleve was going to fire you. Tell him not to pay any attention to anything you-know-who says about you-know-what.  Right, Otis?
I see you're full of human feelings...
You don't know that lunatic yet? Whims - egotistic whims!  Like the gag - when you got him for a friend, you don't need an enemy!  That's what the fight with Bartha was about. "Leo", I says, "Hunsecker froze me out.  So I'm eating humble pie this month - please print me an item."
Call him up and ask - he might drop dead with shock.
I'm late for a date with a dame.
Susie, there's nothing wrong with Dallas!  Your brother and I arranged it all. And if the Leslie boy is still a squooshy item in your life, forget it! - your brother arranged that one, too!  I don't usually give away presents; but this is my gift to you: Get out of here!  Leave this man!
Listen with care - this will cost me everything, so you know I'm telling you the truth!
Talk to her yourself...
I was trying to build her up, not tear her down -
J.J., I swear to you on my mother's life, I won't do it.  If you gave me your COLUMN I wouldn't do a thing like that...
J.J., it's one thing to wear your dog collar...but when it gets to be a noose...I'd rather have my freedom.
Why give her real proof?  You nearly ruined her with her first husband - and you were right, J.J., - but she almost followed him out the window.  What do you want - a chronic invalid?
Why do something that would drive them right back into each other's arms?  Not to mention that this time Susie would know who shot the arrow...
How does it matter who's sister? The main thing, they're through and -
But not for anything I did today...
Wild?  Take a look at them and see who's wild...
Let's forget cats and dogs and other pseudo-literary remarks--- I'll just lay it on the line!  What about that big rumpus in my office today?  You were there, Frank! Where, according to St. Dallas, J.J. was responsible for the Elwell smear!
Calculated risk.  Only we happen to know, J.J., that you like me.  I'm your star pupil -- I reflect back to you your own talent.
A pocket fulla firecrackers - looking for a match!  It's a new wrinkle to tell the truth... I never thought I'd make a killing on some guy's "integrity".
Integrity - acute, like indigestion.
Presumably yours...  That's according to St. Dallas.
Sure, he steams her up - wants her to stand on her own two feet and all that jazz!
No, that's the point - he won't accept your favor!  The manager yes, but not the boy.
I like that, too.  Look, J.J., we can wrap this up in one neat bundle, addressed to the dumps - to oblivion.  We're going great, but please play it my way. I cased this kid. Know his ins and outs...He's fulla juice and vinegar, just begging for some big shot like you to give him a squeeze.  Do little Sidney a favor: squeeze! - You know, J.J. - the porcupine bit - needles.
Can't hurt...
With a pocket fulla firecrackers - good.
I'm not sure I can reach him in time.
No, I won't...
I read your column every day...
Yes.  With your "prestige" it only takes a minute - ten cents worth of American Tel and Tel.
Get Steve back his job...please...
J.J., you said you want to help me - prove it!
I know Steve.  No.
J.J., I want you to get them back their job, Steve and the Quintet.
Tonight.  Before you go to bed. The cat is in the bag and the bag is in the river.
Uh huh.
I'll do it, J.J. - don't get me wrong - in for a penny, in for a pound.  I'll see it through, but stop beating me around the head. Let me make a living!
Correct me if I'm wrong - WE! Because when I'm out on this very slippery limb for you, you have to know what's involved.
No, lemme finish.  I DON'T LIKE THIS JOB!  That boy is dumb only on matinee days - otherwise he's got a head.  And Susan, like you said, she's growing up.  Two heads. What I mean, we got a slippery, dangerous problem here!
Awright, that brings us up to five weeks ago. "Sidney, I got a nasty little problem here." Did I say no? I'm frank to admit - it don't jell as fast as we like... But all of a sudden I CAN'T GET YOU ON THE PHONE NO MORE!  WHY?... And why, as of this date, am I frozen out of the column...
Correct me if I'm wrong, but I don't think so...
Frankly, J.J., I don't think you got the cards to blitz me.
Why not break it up yourself?  You could do it in two minutes flat.
You want something done, J.J., but I doubt if you yourself know what's involved.
Spahish...that must show he likes "spigs", too.
I didn't say that, J.J.
You print them, don't you?
You just had a good example of it. A press agent eats a columnists dirt and is expected to call it manna.
Not just this minute, J.J....
I know Manny Davis.
I have a message from your sister.
Can I come in for a minute?
I have to talk to you, alone, J.J., that's why.
I thought he would.
Go out with DIFFERENT girls!
He goes out with girls.
- He's got them on him.
He's leaving early.  After this "set".  He'll be out in a couple of minutes...
I know...I know you're the strongest cop in town.
What's your favorite ribbon to go around your favorite chocolates?
Who put this item in about the comic?  "If there's a more hilarious funny man around than Herbie Temple at the Palace, you'll have to pardon us for not catching the name.  We were too busy screaming." Does this Temple have a press agent?
And why should I bribe the woman who holds most of my heart?
Dallas?  Could be.  He doesn't look like a reefer smoker...
What about?
Nothing I didn't think of you before.
Next time I'll call in a guy to paint silver stars on the ceiling!
Listen, you need him for a favor, don't you!  And so do I!  I need his column--tonight.  Didn't you ask me to do something about your job?  Don't you have a kid in Military School?
What sort of thing?
I beg your pardon!  I turn myself inside out to help you and now I'm a heavy.  Here's your shoe, there's your coat, that's the door!
What kind of an act is this?
So take five minutes!  Get acquainted!  He's an important man - he's lonely - don't be dumb!
Yeah!
Don't you know who that man is?
One of those business meetings, honey - always coming up in the middle of the night.
Rita, say hello to Otis Elwell.
Can you be there by two-thirty?
That's what I'm thinking, Rita. Maybe...
We're old friends, Chickie - quit it!  A big columnist comes in this room, without his ball-and-chain and you make like a delicatessen counter!  What did you think would happen in his house?
And where was his wife?
You were thrilled to be interviewed.  Were you "interviewed"?
He was writing a special Sunday piece on...?
Avidly.  He was staring.
Don't tell me you started a polka with Leo Bartha?
Is Frank D'Angelo around?
You're sure.  Find out for me.
I've been up to here.  Listen, honey, tell me something.  You know Susan Hunsecker...?  Has she been in?  I mean lately, in the last coupla days...?
Stay down town tonight.  Maybe we'll take in a show, etc.
That's no way to talk...
Don't judge a situation where you don't know what's involved...
I put a lotta trust in you, Chickie...
Did you send my folks in Philly the check...?
What's the matter?
And leave a tip in every hat-check room in town?
If that's for me, tear it up!
No.  You think I'm a hero.  I'm no hero.  I'm nice to people where it pays me to be.  I gotta do it too much on the outside, so don't expect me to kow-tow in my own office.  I'm in a bind right now with Hunsecker so --  Every dog has his day!  Lock up and leave the key.
You ought to be used to me by now.
So what'll you do if I feel nervous? You'll open your meaty, sympathetic arms...?
You mean you don't want the extra free gift of a colorful giant map of the world???
Yes, but as a new subscriber you're under no obligation to take more than three books.  And if you mail the enclosed card within ten days --
Go home, Sally.  It's late...
Help me with two minutes of silence!
Pay the rent.  Let the tailor wait.
Who else phoned?
May I rent you out as an adding machine.
But what?
It isn't.  I've just seen the early edition.
He wants me to break a leg?
Give him credit---the boy's gall is gorgeous!
Frank, you don't listen!  J.J. just told you to shut your mouth!
Well, I'll tell you what - excuse me for breathing, will ya?  How do you like it?  He comes to my office and -
According to you, yeah.  Dallas, your mouth is as big as a basket and twice as empty!  I don't like you, comma, but neither do I go along with this column saying you smoke marijuana and belong with the Reds.  Also, since we're talking repulsive, J.J. won't like this for two cents!  Don't give me that look, Dallas - J.J. believes in fair play.  And secondly, this could splatter his sister with rotten egg by implication - your her boyfriend!
Dallas, ask your own manager - he's standing here like a pained wolfhound - Hunsecker and Elwell are enemies to the knife.  So how do you get him doing J.J. a favor?
That's your idea of logic?  I tell the Judge I didn't murder the man - the Judge says, "Why not you?"
Why me...?
It's a habit with me.  So now I'm briefed.  So what?
Begging your pardon, I haven't been down the bowery in years!
Where's those glossy prints you promised?  Tonight's the latest I can place them -
You tell him, I stutter!
See me in my office.
If there's a funnier man in the world than Herbie Temple at the Palace...uh...pardon us for not catching the name, we were too busy laughing.  No, make that 'screaming'.  It's sweet of you, J.J., thanks. Probably see you at Twenty One tonight.  No, for supper, late. Right. 'Bye...
No, I don't mind.  I'm busy too.
- and I just had to drop by and tell you how great I thought you were.
Temple, I caught your act the other night and -
J.J., if you think -
Don't run away - I was always the man for you!  I'm talking to you out of two years of silence - listen to what I say!  Inside of six months -
I didn't do anything!
I know that bit - you're a girl; you need a man to give you strength! So what do you pick such weak sisters for?  Don't you know yet that you fight fire with fire, not with tear drops?
Yeah!  Like me!  I don't choke on my own gall - I fight back!  Let THEM choke, not me!
Susie, whatever problems you have with J.J. - I didn't invent them! What're you blaming me for?  If you learned to let out your hatred you would be better off!
What ship?
Come on now, chickie, why don't you go to bed...?
Listen, get a good night's sleep - tomorrow's another day.  Feeling sorry for yourself won't help.
It's not my nature, Susie, but I'll talk to you like an uncle...
Why should he put on an act?  Your brother has told PRESIDENTS where to go and what to do!
Chickie, I'll have to laugh at that - an attractive girl like you...!
Frankly, yes, to my surprise.  He thinks he's very gifted - those boys'll go a big mile, he thinks.
Where do you come off to make a remark like that?
Well, for one thing, he thinks J.J. is some kind of monster.
We stick in each others craw.
Feels like a Monday night, don't it...?
I wasn't looking for a brawl.  I came to bring him a present.  Wanna bite to eat?
If you're funny, James, I'm a pretzel!  Drop dead!
No more you don't!  What is this - You're showing off for her?  They're supposed to hear you in Korea?
Listen, when your band was playing at Roseland -
Jimmy, I'm on my way inside right now to talk to Hunsecker.  I can promise you -
I tried to reach you twice -
Jimmy!  This is a coincidence.  I am just going -
