I doubt that it matters any more.
I guess you're right, but -
I still think he's responsible for the smear.
I want to speak to Miss Hunsecker, please.
Don't apologize for me, Frank!
I thought you might have a faint idea of how this item originated.
You don't like it, do you.  I think she will accept, but I'm not sure. She may be too dependent on her brother.
The next time you want information, Falco, don't scratch for it like a dog - ask for it like a man!
But my day with Susie isn't over yet and--
Why?  Because I don't like the way you toy with human lives? - Your contempt and malice?  Because I won't be the accomplice of your sick ego - and the way it's crippled Susie...?  You think of yourself - you and your column - you see yourself as a national glory...but to me, and thousands of others like me, you and your slimy scandal, your phony patriotics - to me, Mr. Hunsecker, you are a national disgrace!
No, I don't care about you -- you're fantastic.  My whole interest, if it's not too late, is in Susie...and how to undo what you've done to her...
I'm trying to get Susie to stand up to you.  But your manner is so threatening that she's afraid to speak!
Those "dears" sound like daggers. May I suggest that you stop DARING her to speak?
I'm afraid I can't cope with them.
Mr. Hunsecker, you've got more twists than a barrel of pretzels.
Wait a minute, I haven't handed over punishing privileges to you YET!  Put the whip down and I might respect what you're saying...
I don't take kindly to you and Falco selling me ethics.  Who's the injured party here, you?
He's here, isn't he?  Do you think, sir, when he dies he'll go to the dog and cat heaven?
No punch line.  Maybe I was just admiring your know-how---yours and Falco's.
Nuts!  I'm not here as an artist! I'm here as an average Joe, who happens to love your sister Susie!
Is it news to you?
Does he have to be here in our hair?
No, I wouldn't...
Mr. Hunsecker, there's nothing to that smear.  You have my sincere word...
You've been very kind about it, Mr. Hunsecker. HUNSECKER Give Susie credit for that.  I took her word that there was nothing to the smear.  Matter of fact, I'll have my say about smears on the show today.  That's why I'd like YOUR personal assurance, too.
Why don't we hear what Susie has to say?
Don't you think it's about time you shut yours?  Who are you to tell a man like Frank D'Angelo to shut up?!
You're talking very fast.
It is a favor, isn't it?
Only two men in this town could be responsible for that smear - you or Hunsecker or both.
Why not you?
Frank thinks I shouldn't have come here -
I'm feeling too good to fight with you, but that isn't what I said - I said you snoop.  For instance, what were you doing around my hotel the other night?
Well, thanks, anyway - let's forget it.  It's cold out here, Susie.
Not what you're doing now.  At least don't ask me - don't ask him. You're fighting for your life! What do YOU want to do?
I told your brother I couldn't be his accomplice.  I can't be yours either, Susie, and encourage him to go on pulverizing you.  I know what type - he's my old man all over again!
No!  I'm saying that for your sake you have to make a clean break with your brother!
But I don't care about that now. He knew what he was doing today. He was laying down the conditions under which he MIGHT consent to our marriage - if I would bend to every whim of his, like Sidney!  I couldn't do that, Susie...
Susie, I was there for OUR sake, too.  But what a world it would be if we were all afraid to learn to walk and talk because it might offend poppa!  By the way, I think your brother was completely responsible for the smears...
But you didn't do much about it, Susie.  You walked out, and there I was...solo...and not too good at that.
Well, maybe I was wrong, too... But there's no doubt, Susie, that we have to face some serious things...
Why did you call me?
I get the feeling, Falco, that you're always snooping around...
No, you had me eating that Chinese food!...
And on Monday, I'll take it off and stroke your light brown hair and -
I have a message for you; I love you.  May I dedicate the next number to you?...And the next, and the next. Every Sunday I'll buy you a new bonnet -
But he could be reporting back to your brother, couldn't he?
His stooge, Falco, is around - I saw him walk in.  He's been spying on me for weeks, Susie.
But he isn't going to like this, Susie.  And he makes you nervous, not me.  No, I take that back - he makes me nervous, too.  But I wouldn't give him a second thought if not for you.
You haven't told him yet...
This is big, you know.  Very big! Let's go out later, drink some firewater.  With the boys.  Fred can call Millie and -
