No!  NO!  Don't touch me!
No.  I'm going home.
Sometimes I think ALL men are fools!...
No...
J.J., Steve isn't...
When I'm certain, I'll let you know...
I'm taking up the situation with you now...
I haven't said anything yet, J.J., but if -
I thought we were talking about Sidney?
I said Sidney!...
Sidney is a liar!
Alan was not...unbalanced when I married him.  And he was not...'indifferent to women' no matter what they said! HUNSECKER  I'm not fighting with you, puss...
Then whose fault was it, J.J.?  It was someone's fault, wasn't it?
It's just as if I've seen a ghost today...
History repeats itself.  Everything that happened to Alan Leslie...began with a smear like this...
No, I'm not.  I'm not!
Did Sidney tell you about it?
Why?
Don't explain, Sidney... It doesn't matter now...
Please, Sidney, I can't stand this -
...but you did it for greed, Sidney - and that's pathetic.
I could almost forgive you if what you did to Steve came from jealousy and love...
I'm not a man, Sidney, I'm -
Like you?
And I'm sorry for you, too, Sidney. You're going down with the ship.
I'm sorry about Steve, not myself. I'm even sorry for my brother.  To be so lonely, without one real friend in the world - to have to hang on to a worthless rag of a girl like me because she's his only real family -
But I don't need an uncle, Sidney.
I hope that J.J. really likes Steve, that it isn't an act.
It's given me a big lift to know that some people want me for myself, not just because I'm my brother's sister.
Do you think J.J. likes Steve...?
Who could love a man who keeps jumping through burning hoops, like a trained poodle?
Yes, but why?
Not to me.  Sometimes, the world feels like a cage.  Then someone comes along and opens the door...and it's never Monday night again...  I wish you and Steve could like each other.
You're touchy, Sidney - don't be so touchy...
You are saying goodbye, aren't you...?
Steve, I feel exhausted...what do you want me to do?
But, please, Steve, please - one step at a time!  I was born only yesterday!...
Steve, I...
I just didn't think that I could antagonize him, Steve -- for OUR sake, I mean.
No one's ever stood up to my brother the way you did.
Steve...what you tried to do today...you tried to take me up on a high mountain...I couldn't go all the way...I failed you...  Will you forgive me?  Have I lost you, Steve?  Have I...?
Would you buy me a cup of coffee? In there...
Hello, Steve.  I'm glad you could come.
Steve, stop it please...
I made you write a beautiful song...
And on Tuesday - Hasenpfeffer. STEVE  How do you think I realized I love you?
If the stores are open -
Steve, dear, please forget all of this.  What can it matter after tomorrow?
Darling, I don't care - really I don't.  Sidney'd had a secret crush on me for years, but nothing we do is his business -
Steve, my brother isn't as bad as he's painted.  He isn't perfect, but -
I'm telling him in the morning after breakfast.
Steve, I'd rather you didn't say anything for a day or two...until I tell my brother...
