Boo-Boo.
The commission don't decide how I spend my honeymoon.
We have a commission. If there's a dispute over territory, the commission decides.
We're gonna be the winning side. It's like Rothstein said about that guy in Austria. We're gonna use Maranzano and Masseria. Let 'em knock each other bloody. And then, when everybody's screamin' for peace, we step in to make it. What they're fight in' over, everybody will beg us to take.
Mr. Costello handles our business with the government agencies.
A hundred-seven bucks too much. Any kid who drops an extra dime is gonna be talkin' to Moliari.
Is there a fuckin' point comin' up anytime soon?
What's your problem?
Tommy Reina.
We can get the war started tomorrow, but it won't be pretty.
Tommy Reina's gone over to Maranzano, but so far Masseria ain't lifted a finger,
It'll just be a few minutes.
You're getting' 10 cc's
It's not myself I'm worried about.
Might as well put the time to use.
I'm gettin' married in six weeks. I'll already be in Atlantic City which is probably the best place to do it anyway.
So we end up with everybody but the two Bosses, at our meet. We ain't sayin' we're the leaders, but we're leadin'.
And if we don't invite Maranzano, we can't invite Masseria. Guys don't wanna be choosin' sides.
Italians, Jews, Irish. One big party. Course, some guys don't get along.
We need to put together a meet for the whole country. We all got the same problems. We could talk. Meet the guys we don't know. Lift a few with the guys we do.
I been thinkin'...
We're going to Atlantic City for the honeymoon.
Guess I'm not a single type guy.
No. We ain't even...
It's nothin'. I'm gettin' married.
Without us, Masseria don't stand a chance, and he knows it.
We'll figure out something.
The minute we sell out to Maranzano, that bastard is gonna have you knocked off.
Bugsy, you and I don't need to be in business with Maranzano. We got more jobs than we can handle. That's not the problem.
A million bucks. In the last six months.
Lansky. Meyer Lansky. And that's Bugsy Siegel ya got there.
We're gonna change it, Bugs. Once we get rid of the Dons, the Commission's gonna rule. No more wars. No more vendettas. No more Boss of All the Bosses.
Masseria won't have any choice but to trust you. And as long as we keep the Boss alive, Maranzano can't win without you.
Maranzano will think Masseria ordered the hit, and won't have no choice but to start the war.
We got exactly two choices, Maranzano or Masseria.
Ben-jamin.
Come off it, Bugs.
Yeah. So who the fuck does?
