Look, Mrs. Dreyfuss, you don't have to wait around. I'll wash the dishes and --
One napkin, coming up.  I wish we had some champagne to wrap it around.
Yes, Mrs. Dreyfuss. He starts out with a worried backward glance toward the two. Fran is just sitting there, the spoon in her hand, not touching the soup.
Well, I have some paper towels --
I didn't really do anything -- honest -- I mean, you take a girl out a couple of times a week -- just for laughs -- and right away she thinks you're serious -- marriage-wise.
Ma'am?
Mrs. Dreyfuss, can I borrow some coffee -- and maybe an orange and a couple of eggs?
Oh, you don't have to worry about that -- nothing in there that anybody would want to steal...  Good night, Mrs. Dreyfuss.
I seem to have dropped my key.  Oh -- here it is.
Oh.  Hello there, Mrs. Dreyfuss.
Shall we say -- a dollar?
Care to make a small wager?
Oh!
Sheldrake?
Did you hear what I said, Miss Kubelik? I absolutely adore you.
I love you, Miss Kubelik.
What about Mr. Sheldrake?
In there.
Of course not.
I'm fine all over.
I'm fine.
Good night, Miss Kubelik.
That's very wise.
Aren't you meeting Mr. Sheldrake?
No, thank you.  I -- well, to tell you the truth --  -- I have this heavy date for tonight --
For that matter, you were wrong about me, too. What you said about those who take and those who get took? Well, Mr. Sheldrake wasn't using me -- I was using him. See?  Last month I was at desk 861 on the nineteenth floor -- now I'm on the twenty-seventh floor, paneled office, three windows -- so it all worked out fine -- we're both getting what we want.
I told you all along. You see, you were wrong about Mr. Sheldrake.
You mean, leaving his wife? Yeah. I'm very happy for you.
Nothing's changed. You know, we never finished that gin game --
Fine.
Oh, Miss Kubelik. How do you feel?
So I want you to keep a clear head.
We're going to finish that gin game.
You don't have to if you don't want to --
I mean, after that?
You know what we're going to do after dinner?
Oh, no. Sometimes I have dinner with Ed Sullivan, sometimes with Dinah Shore or Perry Como -- the other night I had dinner with Mae West -- of course, she was much younger then.  Cheers.
You know, I used to live like Robinson Crusoe -- shipwrecked among eight million people. Then one day I saw a footprint in the sand -- and there you were --  It's a wonderful thing -- dinner for two.
Might as well go all the way.
It's a must -- gracious-living-wise.
You ought to see my backhand.  And wait till I serve the meatballs.
No -- just come as you are.
So let 'em. Look, I'm going to cook dinner for us. We'll have the fruit cake for dessert. You just sit there and rest. You've done enough for one day.
Of course not. Here's the fruit cake.  And you want to see my knee?
Yeah. Took me a year before I could bend my knee -- but I got over the girl in three weeks. She still lives in Cincinnati, has four kids, gained twenty pounds -- she sends me a fruit cake every Christmas.
Uh-huh. While I was sitting there, trying to make my mind up, a cop stuck his head in the car, because I was illegally parked -- so I started to hide the gun under the seat and it went off -- pow!
Here.
Anyway, I parked the car and loaded the gun -- well, you read in the papers all the time that people shoot themselves, but believe me, it's not that easy -- I mean, how do you do it? -- here, or here, or here --  -- you know where I finally shot myself?
Worse than that -- she was the wife of my best friend -- and I was mad for her. But I knew it was hopeless -- so I decided to end it all. I went to a pawnshop and bought a forty-five automatic and drove up to Eden Park -- do you know Cincinnati?
Well, maybe not exactly -- I tried to do it with a gun.
I know how you feel, Miss Kubelik. You think it's the end of the world -- but it's not, really. I went through exactly the same thing myself.
You can't leave yet. The doctor says it takes forty-eight hours to get the stuff out of your system.
I wouldn't say that --  What would you like to have for diner? There's onion soup and canned asparagus --
A what?
I guess so.
It's just that I'm the kind of guy who can't say no -- I don't mean to girls -- I mean --
As a matter of fact, I'm a pretty good cook -- but I'm a lousy housekeeper.
Tennis racquet? Oh, I remember -- I was cooking myself an Italian dinner.  I used it to strain the spaghetti. FRAN  Why not?
Well, things are a little disorganized around here.
Thank you.
What are you doing with that?
In this house, you're supposed to.
You turned it on -- but you didn't light it.
Gas.  Didn't you turn it on?
Are you all right?
I think you should. I have to run down to the grocery anyway -- all that's left around here is one frozen pizza --  I'll be right back -- okay?
-- Mr. Sheldrake.
There's a call for you --
Yeah. Well -- that's the way it crumbles, cookie-wise. Go to sleep.
I would.
Please, Miss Kubelik, you got to promise me you won't do anything foolish.
It's only one story down -- the best you can do is break a leg.
Now don't go getting any ideas, Miss Kubelik.
Just somebody delivering a bottle of champagne. Like some?
Gin.
You sure you want to throw that card?
You bet. I got a terrific hand.
Pick up your cards and let's go.
Well, for one thing, you can't spell. And secondly -- if you did something like that -- you'd hate yourself.
Miss Kubelik, I don't think that's such a good idea.
You are?
What for?
No doubt about it.
I'm sure that's the explanation.
Mr. Sheldrake? Oh, yes. Very.
You better win a hand -- you're on a blitz.
Too slow?
Cut.
Gin.
A cemetery?
A bad insurance risk?
Pick a card.
Yeah -- I know what you mean.  Queen.
Give what up?
I am. Let me get the cards.
You want me to move the television set in here?  You play gin rummy?
Sure.
There's nothing here but a hundred dollar bill.
Yes, I've got it.  Don't you think we'd better destroy it? So it won't fall into the wrong hands -- ?
Oh, I don't mind. As a matter of fact, I'm sort of flattered -- that anybody should think a girl like you -- would do a thing like this -- over a guy like me.
Oh, you're wrong. He told me --
I didn't mean it that way -- I was just talking to him on the phone -- he's very concerned about you.
That's why we have to be careful -- we don't want to involve anybody -- after all, Mr. Sheldrake is a married man --
Miss Kubelik, I don't think you ought to call anybody -- not till that chewing gum is out of your head.
Your stomach?
Something wrong with your legs?
When are you coming home?
What's her first name?
What's your friend's name?
His apartment?
And where are you now?
Who?
You better figure it out -- exactly. Suppose she asks you why you didn't come home last night?
Wait a minute -- let's talk this over first.  Just what are you going to tell her?
Who are you calling, Miss Kubelik?
I'll fix you some coffee.
Here. How about some breakfast?
Oh -- of course. I think there's a new toothbrush somewhere.
Miss Kubelik, I'm stronger than you are --
Sure I do. It's always nice to have company for Christmas.
You're in no condition to go anywhere -- except back to bed.
Two o'clock.
What kind of talk is that?  So you got a little over- emotional -- but you're fine now.
Let me help you.
Miss Kubelik --  -- you shouldn't be out of bed.
It's not important, Fran -- the main thing is that I got here in time -- and you're going to be all right --  -- isn't she, Doc?
That's right.  I told you we had a fight -- that's what it was about -- Miss Olsen -- you know that other girl you saw --
Don't you remember? We were at the office party together --
Oh.  Yes?  Just a minute.  If you don't mind -- this is sort of personal
The mirror -- it's broken.
After all, this is a conservative firm -- I don't want people to think I'm an entertainer --
You don't think it's tilted a little too much --
No problem. Why don't we discuss it sometime over the holidays -- I could call you and pick you up and we'll have the big unveiling --  -- you sure this is the right way to wear it?
I thought maybe I could put in a word for you with Mr. Sheldrake -- get you a little promotion -- how would you like to be an elevator starter?
He and I are like this.  Sent me a Christmas card. See?
Oh, you don't have to worry about that. I have quite a bit of influence in Personnel. You know Mr. Sheldrake?
I understand. Christmas -- family and all that --
Well, as long as you wouldn't be ashamed to be seen with me -- how about the three of us going out this evening -- you and me and the bowler -- stroll down Fifth Avenue -- sort of break it in --
Maybe if I wore it a little more to the side --  is that better?
Really? You mean you wouldn't be ashamed to be seen with somebody in a hat like this?
Guess I made a boo-boo, huh?
Why don't we step into any office? There's something I want your advice about, anyway.  I have my own office now, naturally. And you may be interested to know I'm the second youngest executive in the company -- the only one younger is a grandson of the chairman of the board.
You all right? What's the matter?
Three.
Don't you believe it. Later on there will be human sacrifices -- white collar workers tossed into the computing machines, and punched full of those little square holes.
By the power vested in me, I herewith declare this elevator out of order.  Shall we join the natives?
You're so right.
One more?
Miss Kubelik, one doesn't get to be a second administrative assistant around here unless he's a pretty good judge of character -- and as far as I'm concerned, you're tops. I mean, decency-wise -- and otherwise-wise.  Cheers.
You couldn't help yourself. I mean, when you're having a drink with one man, you can't just suddenly walk out on him because you have another date with another man. You did the only decent thing.
I forgive you.
Well, as a matter of fact, I was rather hurt when you stood me up that night --
What gave you that idea?
Marry Christmas.
Eight-thirty!
I know your height, your weight and your Social Security number -- you had mumps, you had measles, and you had your appendix out.
A couple of months ago I looked up your card in the group insurance file.
Oh, I even know who you live with -- your sister and brother-in- law -- I know when you were born -- and where -- I know all sorts of things about you.
They got a great little band at El Chico, in the Village -- it's practically around the corner from where you live.
What cold? And after the show, we could go out on the town --  I've been taking from Arthur Murray.
You know, I felt so lousy this morning -- a hundred and one fever -- then my promotion came up -- now you and I -- eleventh row center -- and you said I should have stayed in bed.
All right? That's wonderful! It's the Majestic -- 44th Street.
Eight-thirty.
Well, it was just an idea -- I hate to see a ticket go to waste --
Oh, I understand.
Well, in that case, couldn't you -- ?
This date -- is it just a date -- or is it something serious?
I wasn't trying to be personal -- it's just that the fellows in the office were -- whether you wondering about you ever --
Oh.  You mean -- like a girl-friend?
Yeah.
I thought maybe we could have a bite to eat first -- and then --
Would you like to?
Great. Look -- have you seen The Music Man?
I almost didn't recognize you -- this is the first time I've ever seen you in civilian clothes.
Oh -- Miss Kubelik.  I've been waiting for you. FRAN You have?
Good night.
I hope so.  Wouldn't you know they'd call me on a day like this -- with my cold and everything --  How do I look?
I'd love to hear them. Maybe we could have lunch in the cafeteria sometime -- or some evening, after work --
Really?
Why not? Now that they're kicking me upstairs --
You may not realize it, Miss Kubelik, but I'm in the top ten -- efficiency-wise and this may be the day -- promotion-wise.
I should have stayed in bed last night.
That's me.
Why?
Really?  I was looking at some figures from the Sickness and Accident Claims Division -- do you know that the average New Yorker between the ages of twenty and fifty has two and a half colds a year?
Yeah.  I better not get too close.
I sort of like it.
What did you do to your hair?
Morning, Miss Kubelik.
Gas?
What for?
Don't worry about Dr. Dreyfuss -- I happen to know he was out on a case.
I'm sorry, Mrs. Lieberman -- and I'll never invite those people again.
Last night?
Oh -- Mrs. Lieberman.
No, no.  Just waiting for a friend. Good night, Mrs. Lieberman.
Good evening, Mrs. Lieberman.
Save it. The old payola won't work any more. Goodbye, Mr. Sheldrake.
Just following doctor's orders. I've decided to become a mensch. You know what that means? A human being.
That's right, Mr. Sheldrake. I won't be needing it -- because I'm all washed up around here.
No I didn't.
Thank you, sir.
I dig.
No key!
Especially not Miss Kubelik.
You're not going to bring anybody up to my apartment.
Sorry, Mr. Sheldrake.
Very clever.
Don't mind what?
I see.
Naturally.
Yes, sir.
Here's the breakdown of figures on personnel turnover. Thirty-seven percent of our female employees leave to get married, twenty-two percent quit because --
I got kicked in the head, too.
Yes, sir.
Well, it's just that so many things have been happening so fast -- I'm very pleased -- especially for Miss Kubelik. Now that I've gotten to know her better, I think she's the kind of girl that definitely ought to be married to somebody --
Mine?
It's about Miss Kubelik -- she's all right again -- so she went back home.
Yeah --
You left your wife?
You're going to take her off my hands?
Sir?
Mr. Sheldrake, I've got good news for you --
For me? I don't think so. But I was hoping maybe you could do something for her --
No, thank you, Mr. Sheldrake. As a matter of fact, I've got some money for you -- a hundred dollars --
Yes, she's in the shower -- she's coming along fine, considering.
Yes, sir -- I understand.  She left a note -- you want me to open it and read it to you?  Well, it was just a suggestion -- no, you don't have to worry about that, Mr. Sheldrake -- I kept your name out of it so there'll be no trouble, police-wise or newspaper- wise --
I thought maybe you'd like to be here when she wakes up.
I didn't want to tell you over the phone but that certain party -- you know who I mean -- I found her here last night -- she had taken an overdose of sleeping pills.
I hate to disturb you, but something came up -- it's rather important -- and I think it would be a good idea if you could see me -- at the apartment -- as soon as possible.
Roger. And I'll get that other key.
Yes, sir. That's the life, all right.
No, sir. That's very unfair -- especially to your wife.
I know how it is.
Sir?
The mirror is broken.  It was broken when I found it.
I mean -- the young lady -- whoever she may be -- it was on the couch when I got home last night.
Yes, sir. You can't be too careful.
Oh, yes. Very attractive. Is she -- the lucky one?
Well -- I guess so.
Fine. And I want you to know I'll work very hard to justify your confidence in me -- SHELDRAKE Sure you will.  Say, Baxter, about the apartment - now that you got a raise, don't you think we can afford a second key?
Oh, yes, sir. Very much. And I want to thank you --
You too, sir.
Oh, no sir. Certainly not. Anyway, it's none of my business -- four apples, five apples -- what's the difference -- percentage-wise?
Oh, you don't have to worry --
Yes, of course.
Thank you, sir.
Oh -- terribly sorry. It's that cold --
I am?
This?
Oh?  Oh!
Swap them? For what?
So do I -- I'm going to take four aspirins and get into bed -- so you better give the tickets to somebody else --
Well, that's very kind of you -- only I'm not feeling well -- you see, I have this cold -- and I thought I'd go straight home.
You mean -- you and me? I thought you were taking the branch manager from Kansas City --
Not yet. But I hear it's one swell show.
Yes, sir.
Well, I don't want to intrude -- and I thought -- since it's all straightened out anyway --
Well, usually I slip it to them in the office and they leave it under the mat -- but never again -- I can promise you that --
West 67th Street. You have no idea what I've been going through -- with the neighbors and the landlady and the liquor and the key --
Oh, it won't. Believe me. And it's not going to happen again. From now on, nobody is going to use my apartment --
Just those four -- out of a total of 31,259 -- so actually, we can be very proud of our personnel -- percentage-wise.
Well, about six months ago -- I was going to night school, taking this course in Advanced Accounting -- and one of the guys in our department -- he lives in Jersey -- he was going to a banquet at the Biltmore -- his wife was meeting him in town, and he needed someplace to change into a tuxedo -- so I gave him the key    and word must have gotten around -- because the next thing I knew, all sorts of guys were suddenly going to banquets -- and when you give the key to one guy, you can't say no to another and the whole thing got out of hand -- pardon me.
No, sir. I'm not going to deny it. But if you'd just let me explain --
Oh.
Who?
Sir?
What -- what's that got to do with me? I'm not running any bookie joint.
The Vice Squad?
You do?
Would you mind repeating the question?
I don't know.
That's very flattering.
Well, you know how it is -- things pile up.
Mr. Dobisch said that?
Yes, Mr. Sheldrake.
Yes, sir.
Who else?
On account of me.
No, no -- just had a little accident.
Oh, this is Mr. Matuschka -- he's Miss Kubelik's -- he's got a cab downstairs --
All we were going to do is eat and wash the dishes --
Now, wait a minute. I know what you're thinking -- but it's not as bad as it looks -- MATUSCHKA  It's none of my business what you do, Fran -- you're over twenty- one -- but your sister happens to think you're a lady.
How do you do, Mr. Matuschka?
Yes?
No!
Now will you get out?
Are you going to leave, Mr. Kirkeby, or do I have to throw you out?
Look, you can't stay here. Just take your champagne and go.
You can't come in.
What do you want?
So long, fellas. Drop in any time. The door is always open -- to my office.
Oh, I'm very grateful.
Instead of Friday -- could you possibly switch to Thursday? You'd be doing me a great favor --
Could be she's just a nice, respectable girl -- there are millions of them.
Maybe you're using the wrong approach.
Oh, yes.  She's the best operator in the building.
Yes, sir.  They are indeed.
Good morning, Mr. Kirkeby.
Yes, Mr. Kirkeby.  You still owe me for the last two bottles --
I know.  Mr. Eichelberger -- in the Mortgage Loan Department -- last night he had a little Halloween party here --
Mr. Sheldrake?
I don't mind in the summer -- but on a rainy night -- and I haven't had any dinner yet --
Mr. Kirkeby, I don't like to complain -- but you were supposed to be out of here by eight.
You threatening me?
I sympathize with your problem -- and believe me, I'm very sorry --
Well, after all, it's my apartment -- it's private property -- it's not a public playground.
I have a vague idea.
Thank you, Mr. Dobisch.
And I couldn't get into my apartment -- so at four a. m. I had to wake up the landlady and give her a whole song and dance about going out to mail a letter and the door slamming shut.
Oh, I found a key there, all right -- only it's the wrong key.
It's not Picasso I'm calling about. It's the key -- to my apartment -- you were supposed to leave it under the mat.
Yes, Mr. Dobisch.
I'm all out of liquor -- and there's no clean glasses -- no cheese crackers -- no nothing.
Of course not.  But -- how can I be efficient in the office if I don't get enough sleep at night?
I don't care if it is Marilyn Monroe -- I'm already in bed -- and I've taken a sleeping pill -- so I'm afraid the answer is no.
I'm sorry, Mr. Dobisch.  You know I like to help you guys out -- but it's sort of late -- so why don't we make it some other time?
Oh, yes, Mr. Dobisch.  I didn't recognize your voice --
Well, that's very nice of you -- but who is this?
Yeah.
Wednesday -- Wednesday --  I got somebody penciled in -- let me see what I can do -- I'll get back to you.
Oh, no. I'd get pneumonia -- and if I got pneumonia, I'd be in bed for a month -- and if I were in bed for a month --
Thank you, Mr. Vanderhof. But I'm sick -- I have this terrible cold -- and a fever -- and I got to go to bed right after work.
I hate to disappoint you -- I mean, many happy returns -- but not tonight --
Look, Mr. Vanderhof -- I've got you down here for tonight -- but I'm going to be using the place myself -- so I'll have to cancel.
You know me with girls. Easy come, easy go. Goodbye, Doc.
No, thanks -- I don't feel like it. Look, Doc -- in case I don't see you again -- how much do I owe you for taking care of that girl?
Can you use a bottle of champagne?
Me? Oh, you mean my body. Don't worry, Doc -- it'll go to the University -- I'll put it in writing --
I don't know. All I know is I got to get out of this place.
Yeah -- I'm giving up the apartment.
Well, I have things to do --
Sure, Doc.
Oh, I'm fine, Doc.
Yeah, wasn't I?
I'm not sure.
Help yourself.
It's just that she's got a family -- and there's the people in the office -- look, Doc, can't you forget you're a doctor -- let's just say you're here as a neighbor --
She didn't mean it, Doc -- it was an accident -- she had a little too much to drink and -- she didn't know what she was doing -- there was no suicide note or anything -- believe me, Doc, I'm not thinking about myself --
Why do you want to know, Doc? You don't have to report this, do you?
Kubelik -- with two k's.
Sure.
Just as long as she's okay.
Well -- we work in the same building -- and we try to keep it quiet --
Hello, Miss Kubelik.
Miss Kubelik -- Fran.
Something like that.
I don't know -- I mean -- I wasn't here -- you see -- we had some words earlier -- nothing serious, really -- what you might call a lovers' quarrel --
What are you going to do, Doc?
It was half-full -- about a dozen or so. You going to have to take her to the hospital?
She going to be all right, Doc?
There's a girl in my place -- she took some sleeping pills -- you better come quick -- I can't wake her up.
My body?  I'm afraid you guys would be disappointed.  Good night, Doc.
Me?
Yeah.  Well -- see you, Doc.
I'm sorry if it gets noisy --
Oh, that's not me.  It's just that once in a while, I have some people in for a drink.
Oh.  'Bye, Doc.
Hi, Doc.  Had a late call?
Here -- find yourself a phone booth and call your husband in Havana.
Nothing.  Just clear out, will you?
It's an emergency -- see you some other time.
The party's over.
Good night.
Well, they haven't got me yet, baby. Dig up some ice from the kitchen and let's not waste any time -- preliminary-wise.
Ask anybody around here. As a matter of fact, when it's time for me to go -- and I may go just like that --  -- I have promised my body to the Columbia Medical Center.
Mrs. MacDougall, I think it is only fair to warn you that you are now alone with a notorious sexpot.
Stuck on her! Obviously, you don't know me very well.
She may be a girl -- but she's no friend of mine.
No.
Not particularly.
Might as well go to mine -- everybody else does.
I said I had no family -- I didn't say I had an empty apartment.
No.
No.
Well, you can't win 'em all.
Oh. Mixed up in that revolution?
Who is Mickey?
That so.
What about him?
