That's right.  Maria Ouspenskaya. BLONDE  Hiya, Ouspenskaya.
Not there.  Under the mat.
Don't worry about the old lady. One squawk from her, and she's out of a job.
Yeah.  How much?
My mother.
Listen, Baxter, we made you and we can break you.
You'll be a lot sorrier before we're through with you.
We went to bat for you -- and now you won't play ball with us.
Teamwork -- that's what counts in an organization like this. All for one and one for all -- know what I mean?
That's a shame. I'll send the key right down. And about your promotion --  -- I'm sending that efficiency report right up to Mr. Sheldrake, in Personnel. I wouldn't be surprised if you heard from him before the day is over.
It is?  Well, how about that? No wonder I couldn't get into the executive washroom this morning.
I did, didn't I? I distinctly remember bending over and putting it there --
Oh, Buddy-boy. I was just about to call you.  I'm sorry about that mess on the living room wall. You see, my little friend, she kept insisting Picasso was a bum -- so she started to do that mural -- but I'm sure it will wash off -- just eyebrow pencil.
Let me worry about that.  Just leave the key under the mat and clear out.
Make it thirty minutes.  What do you say, Bud?
It's only eleven -- and I just want the place for forty-five minutes.
Look, Baxter -- we're making out the monthly efficiency rating -- and I'm putting you in the top ten. Now you don't want to louse yourself up, do you?
Buddy-boy -- she won't keep that long -- not even on ice.  Listen, kid, I can't pass this up -- she looks like Marilyn Monroe.
That's okay, Buddy-boy.  Now like I was saying, I'm in this joint on Sixty-first -- and I think I got lucky --  -- she's a skater with the Ice Show --  -- and I thought maybe I could bring her up for a quiet drink.
Dobisch -- Joe Dobisch, in Administration.
Hiya, Buddy-boy.  I'm in this bar on Sixty-first Street -- and I got to thinking about you -- and I figured I'd give you a little buzz.
Yeah, he's punchy. Talking to himself.
Hit by a swinging door? Or maybe a Yellow Cab?
Yeah. What's Buddy-boy done for us lately?
I see.  What do you think, Al? Can we help the man?
A.W.O.L.?
No kidding. Buddy-boy and Kubelik having themselves a little toot!
Who?
