Happy New Year.
Forget it -- I didn't do it as a doctor -- I did it as a neighbor.  By the way, whatever happened to her?
Booze we don't need. Why don't you join us, Baxter? We got two brain surgeons, an ear, nose and throat specialist, a proctologist, and three nurses from Bellevue.
Sorry to lose you, Baxter.
Where are you moving to?
What's this -- you packing?
How come you're alone on New Year's Eve?
Say, Baxter -- we're having a little party and we ran out of ice -- so I was wondering --
Not you -- Miss Kubelik.
How's the patient?
But you're not out of the woods yet, Baxter -- because most of them try it again!  You know where I am if you need me.
A mansch -- a human being! So you got off easy this time -- so you were lucky --
I don't know what you did to that girl in there -- and don't tell me -- but it was bound to happen, the way you carry on. Live now, pay later. Diner's Club!  Why don't you grow up, Baxter? Be a mensch! You know what that means?
Well, as a doctor, I guess I can't prove it wasn't an accident.  But as your neighbor, I'd like to kick your keester clear around the block.  Mind if I cool this off?
Aren't you?
It's regulations.
What's her address?  Where does she live?
How do you spell her last name?
Any of that coffee left?
These cases are harder on the doctor than on the patient. I ought to charge you by the mile.
She'll sleep on and off for the next twenty-four hours. Of course, she'll have a dandy hangover when she wakes up --
Mister -- Miss -- such politeness!
Fran, I'm a doctor. I'm here because you took too many sleeping pills. Do you understand what I'm saying?  Fran, I'm Dr. Dreyfuss -- I'm here to help you. You took all those sleeping pills -- remember?
What's her name?
You know, Baxter, you're a real cutie-pie -- yes, you are.
So you went right out and picked yourself up another dame.
Want to tell me what happened?
Get that stuff out of her stomach -- if it isn't too late. You better put some coffee on -- and pray.
How many pills were in that bottle?
Let me get my bag.
Slow down, kid.
When you make out your will -- and the way you're going, you should -- would you mind leaving your body to the University?
You know, Baxter -- I'm doing some research at the Columbia Medical Center -- and I wonder if you could do us a favor?
Sometimes,  there's a twi-night double-header.  A nebbish like you!
As a matter of fact, you must be an iron man all around. From what I hear through the walls, you got something going for you every night.
Say, Baxter -- the way you're belting that stuff, you must have a pair of cast-iron kidneys.
Yeah.  Some clown at Schrafft's 57th Street ate a club sandwich, and forgot to take out the toothpick.
Good evening, Baxter.
You can't sleep.  Come on, Fran -- open your eyes.  Let's get her walking. We've got to keep her awake for the next couple of hours.
Do you know who this is?  Look at him.
Yes, you do. Now concentrate.
Do you know where you are, Fran?
And what happened to you?
Tell me again -- what's my name?
Get more coffee.
Dr. Dreyfuss.
That's right, Fran. And I'm a doctor.
