Shut up and deal!
Seven --  -- queen.
I'm going to send him a fruit cake every Christmas.
That's funny -- so am I.  What did you do with the cards?
Where are you going? BUD Who knows? Another neighborhood -- another town -- another job -- I'm on my own.
Mind if I come in?
Are you sure? How's your knee?
Are you all right?
Good night, Mr. Baxter.
No. You know how people talk. So I decided it would be better if we didn't see each other till everything is settled, divorce-wise.
Oh.
Yes.  You walking to the subway?
I guess so.
I never thought he'd do it.
I know.  I suppose you heard about Mr. Sheldrake --?
How's everything at the apartment?
Fine. How's your eye?
Oh.
I don't?
What?
The dishes?
Cheers.
You usually eat alone?
I see you bought some napkins.
Shall I light the candles?
Say, you're pretty good with that racquet.
Are we dressing for dinner?
Yes, nurse.
No, thanks. The fellows in the office may get the wrong idea how I found out.
Are you just making that up to make me feel better?
That's terrible.
In the knee?
Where?
No, I don't.
Over a girl?
You did?
I wonder how long it takes to get someone you're stuck on out of your system? If they'd only invent some kind of a pump for that --
I really ought to be getting home. My family will be flipping by now.
Some people take, some people get took -- and they know they're getting took -- and there's nothing they can do about it.
I know so. He's a taker.
You mean to someone like Mr. Sheldrake.
Yes, you are,  When I was straightening up the couch, you know what I found? Six hairpins, a lipstick, a pair of false eyelashes, and a swizzle stick from the Stork Club.
It's very curious -- I could only find three and a half pair.
I was washing my stockings, so I decided I might as well do your socks.
Oh.
Are you supposed to?
Yes. I was boiling some water to get the coffee stains out of my dress.
Sure.  What's that funny smell?
I don't want to talk to him.
For me?
Why can't I ever fall in love with somebody nice like you?
Who'd care?
So they'll shoot me -- like a horse.
I just want some fresh air.
Would you mind opening the window?
Who was that?
Sure.
Do I have to?
I don't like myself very much anyway.
Why not?
As one woman to another -- I'm sure she'll understand --
I'm going to write a letter to Mrs. Sheldrake.
Can I have that pad and the pencil?
You really think so?
Maybe he does love me -- only he doesn't have the nerve to tell his wife.
Was he really upset when you told him?
Oh. I can type up a storm, but I can't spell. So they gave me a pair of white gloves and stuck me in an elevator -- that's how I met Jeff --  Oh, God, I'm so fouled up. What am I going to do now?
So I came to New York and moved in with my sister and her husband -- he drives a cab. They sent me to secretarial school, and I applied for a job with Consolidated - but I flunked the typing test --
Three. The last one was manager of a finance company, back home in Pittsburgh -- they found a little shortage in his accounts, but he asked me to wait for him -- he'll be out in 1965.
I just have this talent for falling in love with the wrong guy in the wrong place at the wrong time. BUD  How many guys were there?
I was fifteen -- we used to go there to smoke. His name was George -- he threw me over for a drum majorette.
That's me with men. I've been jinxed from the word go -- first time I was ever kissed was in a cemetery.
What do you call it when somebody keeps getting smashed up in automobile accidents?
I don't want it.
Why do people have to love people, anyway?
I think I'm going to give it all up.
You don't have to entertain me.
I'm not very good at it.
That's right. Will you see that Mr. Sheldrake gets it?
Open it.
Oh. Did you find something here -- an envelope -- ?
She doesn't seem to like you very much.
He's a liar. But that's not the worst part of it -- the worst part is -- I still love him.
He doesn't give a damn about me.
Thanks for reminding me.
But they'll be worried about me -- my brother-in-law may be calling the police --
They had to pump it out.
No -- it's my stomach.
As soon as I can walk.
Miss.
Baxter.
I mean -- her apartment.
In his apartment.
Someone from the office.
I'll tell her I spent the night with a friend.
Well, I haven't figured it out, exactly.
My sister -- she'll want to know what happened to me.
No -- I don't want anything.
I just want to go brush my teeth --
You don't want me here --
Where's my dress? I have to go home.
My head -- it feels like a big wad of chewing gum. What time is it?
I'm so ashamed. Why didn't you just let me die?
I didn't know -- I had no idea this was your apartment --
I'm sorry, Mr. Baxter.
I'm so tired -- DR. DREYFUSS Here -- drink this.
I don't understand --
Oh, yes -- office party -- Miss Olsen --
All right. Have a nice Christmas.
Your phone.
I know. I like it this way -- makes me look the way I feel.
What is it?
Here.
I think so.
I'm afraid there are too many other girls around here with seniority over me.
Why?
I'd better get back to my elevator. I don't want to be fired.
This is a bad day for me.
Much better.
Of course not.
No -- I like it.
Nothing.  There are just too many people here.
I thought so.
How many of those drinks did you have?
Why not?  They seem friendly enough.
I shouldn't drink when I'm driving.
Cheers.
Don't be too sure. Just because I wear a uniform -- that doesn't make me a Girl Scout.
You shouldn't.
I don't blame you. It was unforgivable.
In the last six weeks you've only been in my elevator once -- and then you didn't take your hat off.
Thank you.  I thought you were avoiding me.
Well, don't tell the fellows in the office about the appendix. They may get the wrong idea how you found out.  'Bye.
Oh.
How come?
Sounds good.  How do you know where I live?
So I see.
How is your cold?
Meet you in the lobby. Okay?
Well -- I could meet you at the theatre -- if that's all right.
What time does the show go on?
I'm afraid not. I promised to have a drink with him -- he's been calling me all week --
It used to be serious -- at least I was -- but he wasn't -- so the whole thing is more or less kaputt.
Just tell 'em -- now and then.
No. Like a man.
I'm sorry, but I can't tonight. I'm meeting somebody.
You mean tonight?
Sure.
No.
How'd you make out on the twenty- seventh floor?
Good night.
Fine.  Wait.
I hope everything goes all right.
The characters you meet. Something happens to men in elevators. Must be the change of altitude -- the blood rushes to their head, or something -- boy, I could tell you stories --
Couldn't happen to a nicer guy.  You know, you're the only one around here who ever takes his hat off in the elevator.
You're beginning to sound like Mr. Kirkeby already.
Twenty-seven.
You should have stayed in bed this morning.
Well, to make the figures come out even -- since I have no colds a year -- some poor slob must have five colds a year.
That makes me feel just terrible.
Oh, I never catch colds.
Say, you got a lulu.
It was making me nervous, so I chopped it off.  Big mistake, huh?
Morning, Mr. Baxter.
Please -- just let me sleep.
Mr. Baxter -- nineteenth floor.
I don't know.
No.
I took sleeping pills.
Dr. Dreyfuss.
Dreyfuss.
Doctor.
Sleeping pills.
Goodbye, Mr. Baxter.
You fool -- you damn fool.
Because I took some sleeping pills. But I'm all right now -- so let's go.
This is my brother-in-law, Karl Matuschka.
Well -- thank you.
Will you excuse me?
I don't know what you're talking about.
Yes, I know.
I beg your pardon? MISS OLSEN I'm Miss Olsen -- Mr. Sheldrake's secretary.
I'd spell it out for you -- only I can't spell.
I don't know. I guess that's the way it crumbles -- cookie-wise.
The nerve.
He wouldn't.
Baxter?
Ring out the old year, ring in the new. Ring-a-ding-ding.
Atlantic City?
All set for what?
Of course I'm not here -- because the whole thing never happened -- I never took those pills -- I never loved you -- we never even met -- isn't that the way you want it?
Hello, Jeff.  Yes, I'm all right.
Sure. Monday and Thursday -- and Monday again -- and Thursday again --
You run along -- I want to fix my face.
You'll miss your train, Jeff.
A hundred dollars? I wouldn't call that cheap. And you must be paying somebody something for the use of the apartment --
Okay.  I just thought as long as it was paid for --
Yeah, we better.
Merry Christmas.
How could I be so stupid? You'd think I would have learned by now -- when you're in love with a married man, you shouldn't wear mascara.
And just think -- right now there's some lucky girl in the building who's going to come after me --
I was never very good at history. Let me see -- there was Miss Olsen, and then there was Miss Rossi -- no, she came before -- it was Miss Koch who came after Miss Olsen --
Funny thing happened to me at the office party today -- I ran into your secretary -- Miss Olsen. You know -- ring-a-ding-ding? I laughed so much I like to died.
Yeah -- that's me. The Happy Idiot -- a million laughs.
Where are we going, Jeff? Not back to that leaky boat --
I have that date -- remember?
You know I do.
Are you sure that's what you want?
Let's get something straight, Jeff -- I never asked you to leave your wife.
Handle what?
Okay. I'm sorry.
I wasn't trying.
Just trust me, baby -- we'll work it out somehow --
They got it an a long playing record now - Music to String Her Along By. My wife doesn't understand me -- We haven't gotten along for years -- You're the best thing that ever happened to me --
We didn't talk about it -- you did.
We talked about a lot of things.
Do I. That leaky little boat you rented -- and me in a black negligee and a life preserver --
Not very -- but I'm going to be there anyway.
No. I have a date at eight-thirty.
Sorry, Mr. Sheldrake -- I'm full up. You'll have to take the next elevator.
Why do you keep calling me, Jeff? What do you want from me?
For a while there, you try kidding yourself that you're going with an unmarried man. Then one day he keeps looking at his watch, and asks you if there's any lipstick showing, then rushes off to catch the seven-fourteen to White Plains. So you fix yourself a cup of instant coffee -- and you sit there by yourself -- and you think -- and it all begins to look so ugly --
Look, Jeff -- we had two wonderful months this summer -- and that was it. Happens all the time -- the wife and kids go away to the country, and the boss has a fling with the secretary or the manicurist -- or the elevator girl. Comes September, the picnic is over -- goodbye. The kids go back to school, the boss goes back to the wife, and the girl --  They don't make these shrimp like they used to.
Let's not start on that again, Jeff -- please. I'm just beginning to get over it.
-- same sauce -- sweet and sour.
Like old times. Same booth, same song --
Six weeks. But who's counting?
Yes, I know. You want a lock to carry in your wallet?
That's right.
No, Jeff. I can't stay very long.  Can I have a frozen daiquiri?
Still afraid somebody may see us together?
