Say, why don't we have ourselves a party -- the four of us?
Buddy-boy, why didn't you say so?  You got yourself a little playmate, huh?
Baxter, I don't want to pull rank on you -- but I told the lady it was all set -- you want to make a liar out of me?
What's the matter with you, Buddy- boy? I made a reservation for four o'clock, remember?
What do I -- ?  Just a minute.
Hi, Baxter.
So long, Baxter. We know you won't let us down.
Baxter, we're a little disappointed in you -- gratitude-wise.
Well -- it's all right with me, Bud. Let me check. I'll get back to you.
Hello? Yeah, Baxter. What's up?
Listen to him.  Little Lord Fauntleroy!
A lot of guys around here have tried it -- all kinds of approaches -- no dice.  What is she trying to prove?
I'm a pretty good operator myself -- but she just won't give me a tumble -- date-wise.
That Kubelik -- boy!  Would I like to get her on a slow elevator to China.
Oh, how are you, Baxter.  They keeping you busy these days?
I'll pay you on Friday.  And whatever happened to those little cheese crackers you used to have around?
Well, lay in some vodka and some vermouth -- and put my name on it.
You're on your way up, Buddy-boy. And you're practically out of liquor.
That's right.  We were discussing our department -- manpower-wise -- and promotion-wise --  -- and I told him what a bright boy you were.  They're always on the lookout for young executives. BUD Thank you, Mr. Kirkeby.
Sure, sure.  Look, kid -- I put in a good word for you with Sheldrake, in Personnel.
I know, Buddy-boy, I know.  But those things don't always run on schedule -- like a Greyhound bus.
That guy really must've belted him.
Hi, Buddy-boy. What happened to you?
Why not? We don't owe Buddy-boy anything.
What gripes me is the two of them were guzzling my champagne while Sylvia and I wound up at the Guggenheim Museum.
Toot? It's more like a lost weekend. Neither of them showed up for work today.
Kubelik.
-- so yesterday afternoon I take Sylvia up to the apartment, and guess who he's got stashed away in the bedroom?
Why don't we send her to a movie -- like Ben-Hur?
What's your mother doing this afternoon?
A little mixup in signals. Let's go.
Stay with it, Buddy-boy!  Come on, Sylvia.
Bob WHO? -- all right, so we'll watch it at the apartment. Big deal.  Baxter? It's okay for Thursday.
Okay, okay. Look, Sylvia -- instead of Friday - could we make it Thursday night?
Certainly not.  I'm a happily married man.
Why do all you dames have to live in the Bronx?
All right -- I'll take you to the subway.
Where does she live?
Where do you live?
Don't you ever stop talking?
Sssssh.
What's the difference?  Some schnook that works in the office.
Sylvia -- sweetie -- it's not that -- but I promised the guy I'd be out of here by eight o'clock, positively.
Please, Sylvia!  It's a quarter to nine!
