Now hold on, Baxter --
What's gotten into you, Baxter?
But this is the key to the executive washroom.
Say, Baxter -- you gave me the wrong key.
Now you're being bright?
So what's it going to be?
Baxter, I picked you for my team because I thought you were a bright young man. You realize what you're doing? Not to me -- but to yourself. Normally it takes years to work your way up to the twenty-seventh floor -- but it takes only thirty seconds to be out on the street again. You dig?
How's that again?
I'm not just bringing anybody -- I'm bringing Miss Kubelik.
What do you mean, sorry?
Now I'll have to borrow your key.
You know that other key to your apartment -- well, when we had that little scare about Miss Kubelik, I thought I'd better get rid of it quick -- so I threw it out the window of the commuter train.
The only thing is I'm staying at the Athletic Club -- and it's strictly stag so if you don't mind --
Me, too. I'm taking Miss Kubelik out -- I finally talked her into it --
I suppose you'll be on the town tonight -- celebrating?
You're working too hard, Baxter. It's New Year's Eve -- relax.
Oh?
That's just one of the privileges that goes with this job. You also get a nice little expense account, the use of the executive washroom --  Say, what happened to you, Baxter?
Oh, sure, sure. But first the property settlement has to be worked out -- then it takes six weeks in Reno -- meanwhile, I'm going to enjoy being a bachelor for a while.  Oh, by the way, you can now have lunch in the executive dining room --
My assistant, Roy Thompson, has been shifted to the Denver office, and you're taking his place.  What's the matter, Baxter? You don't seem very excited.
You like?  It's all yours.
Swell. And don't think I've forgotten what you did for me.  This way, Baxter.
Now what was your news, Baxter?
Well, if you must know -- I fired my secretary, my secretary got to my wife, and my wife fired me. Ain't that a kick in the head?
That's right.  I've moved out of my house -- I'm going to be staying in town, at the Athletic Club.
I know how worried you were about Miss Kubelik -- well, stop worrying -- I'm going to take her off your hands.
And I've got good news for you, Baxter. All your troubles are over.
Like what? Put yourself in my place, Baxter -- how can I help her -- my hands are tied --
Oh.  Well, if there's anything I can do for you --
Good. Is there anything you need -- money -- ?
That's impossible.  You'll have to handle this situation yourself -- as a matter of fact, I'm counting on you --
What?
You're not making sense, Baxter. What's this all about?
Hello? -- yes -- what's on your mind, Baxter?
Put me down for Thursday again.
Yeah.  You know, Baxter, I envy you. Bachelor -- all the dames you want -- no headaches, no complications --
You see a girl a couple of times a week -- just for laughs -- and right away she thinks you're going to divorce your wife. I ask you -- is that fair?
You know how it is -- sooner or later they all give you a bad time.
So it was.  She threw it at me.
Oh, yes. Thanks.
To me?
No, you don't understand. She's a busybody -- always poking her nose into things -- and with that key passing back and forth -- why take chances?
You know my secretary -- Miss Olsen --
I like the way you handled that. Well, how does it feel to be an executive?
Don't thank me -- thank your friends here -- they're the ones who recommended you.
Morning, gentlemen.  Everything satisfactory? You like your office?
Here you are, Baxter. Have a nice time.
Not that I have anything to hide.
You know how people talk.
Now remember, Baxter -- this is going to be our little secret.
Relax, Baxter.
Now put down the key --  -- and put down the address.
That's good thinking, Baxter. Next month there's going to be a shift in personnel around here -- and as far as I'm concerned, you're executive material.
It also says here -- that you are alert, astute, and quite imaginative --
I'm not just giving those tickets, Baxter -- I want to swap them.
Baxter, you're not reading me. I told you I have plans.
I made other plans. You can have both tickets.
How would you like to go tonight?
The reason I called is -- I won't be home for dinner tonight. The branch manager from Kansas City is in town -- I'm taking him to the theatre Music Man, what else? No, don't wait up for me -- 'bye, darling.  Tell me something,  Baxter  -- have you seen Music Man?
I'm not through with you yet.
Where are you going, Baxter?
How do you work it with the key?
Where is your apartment?
That's not the point. Four rotten apples in a barrel -- no matter how large the barrel -- you realize that if this ever leaked out --
Baxter, an insurance company is founded on public trust. Any employee who conducts himself in a manner unbecoming --  How many charter members are there in this little club of yours?
You better.
Are you going to deny it?
Loyal, cooperative, resourceful C. C. Baxter.
There's a certain key floating around the office -- from Kirkeby to Vanderhof to Eichelberger to Dobisch -- it's the key to a certain apartment -- and you know who that apartment belongs to?
What kind of joint are you running?
That's right, Baxter.
In 1957, we had an employee here, name of Fowler. He was very popular, too. Turned out he was running a bookie joint right in the Actuarial Department tying up the switchboard, figuring the odds on our I.B.M. machines -- so the day before the Kentucky Derby, I called in the Vice Squad and we raided the thirteenth floor.
Look, Baxter, I'm not stupid. I know everything that goes on in this building -- in every department -- on every floor -- every day of the year.
Think.
Tell me, Baxter -- just what is it that makes you so popular?
Mr. Vanderhof, in Public Relations, and Mr. Eichelberger, in Mortgage and Loan -- they'd both like to have you transferred to their departments.
And Mr. Kirkeby tells me that several nights a week you work late at the office -- without overtime.
Been hearing some very nice things about you -- here's a report from Mr. Dobisch -- loyal, cooperative, resourceful --
I was sort of wondering what you looked like. Sit down.
Baxter?
What are you talking about?
That little punk -- after all I did for him! He said I couldn't bring anybody to his apartment -- especially not Miss Kubelik. What's he got against you, anyway?
Just walked out on me -- quit -- threw that big fat job right in my face.
He wouldn't give me the key to the apartment.
I didn't plan it this way, Fran -- actually, it's all Baxter's fault.
I know it's a drag -- but you can't find a hotel room in town -- not on New Year's Eve.
I rented a car -- it's going to be here at one o'clock -- we're driving to Atlantic City.
Sorry it took me so long on the phone. But we're all set.
There you go again -- you know I didn't mean it that way, Fran. Just get well -- do what the nurse tells you -- I mean Baxter -- and I'll see you as soon as I can. Bye, Fran.
Are you there, Fran?
Fran, why did you do it? It's so childish -- and it never solves anything -- I ought to be very angry with you, scaring me like that -- but let's forget the whole thing -- pretend it never happened -- what do you say, Fran?  Fran --
It won't always be like this.  I love you, Fran.
Don't forget to kill the lights. See you Monday.
Coming?
Stop that, Fran.
Don't ever talk like that, Fran! Don't make yourself out to be cheap.
I have a present for you. I didn't quite know what to get you -- anyway it's a little awkward for me, shopping --  -- so here's a hundred dollars -- go out and buy yourself something.
Oh. Our friend from the Chinese restaurant. Thanks, Fran. We better keep it here.
It's Christmas Eve, Fran -- let's not fight.
Okay, okay, Fran. I deserve that. But just ask yourself -- why does a man run around with a lot of girls? Because he's unhappy at home -- because he's lonely, that's why -- all that was before you, Fran -- I've stopped running.
Now, Fran --
Is that what's been bothering you -- Miss Olsen? That's ancient history.
Well, that's more like it. At least you're speaking to me.
Come on, Fran -- don't be like that. You just going to sit there and keep bawling?  You won't talk to me, you won't tell me what's wrong --  Look, I know you think I'm stalling you. But when you've been married to a woman for twelve years, you don't just sit down at the breakfast table and say "Pass the sugar -- and I want a divorce." It's not that easy.  Anyway, this is the wrong time. The kids are home from school -- my in- laws are visiting for the holidays -- I can't bring it up now.  This isn't like you, Fran -- you were always such a good sport -- such fun to be with --
I promise.
I love you -- remember?
Fran --
I'm sure. If you'll just tell me that you still love me --
Of course not. You had nothing to do with it.
What do you think?
I saw my lawyer this morning -- I wanted his advice  -- about the best way to handle it --
If you'll just listen to me for a minute --
You're not being funny.
That's enough, Fran.
You didn't really believe me, did you?
I mean -- about my getting a divorce.
Remember what we talked about?
Fran -- remember that last weekend we had?
Important?
Not here, Fran. Can't we go some place else?
You're not giving me a chance, Fran. I asked you to meet me because -- I have something to tell you. FRAN Go ahead -- tell me.
I want you back, Fran.
How do you think I felt -- riding home on that seven-fourteen train?
I never said goodbye, Fran.
I don't believe you.
You don't know what it's like -- standing next to you in that elevator, day after day -- Good morning, Miss Kubelik -- Good night, Mr. Sheldrake -- I'm still crazy about you, Fran.
It's been hell.
I missed you, Fran.
How long has it been -- a month?
You know I liked it better long.
It's on the way.  I see you went ahead and cut your hair.
Let me take that.
I'd appreciate it if you'd be out of here as soon as you can.
You bet it won't. I'll arrange for you to get a month's severance pay --  That's right, Miss Olsen. I'm letting you go.
But I thought you could hold your tongue.
Lovely. You were a big help.
Oh -- oh!
See if they'll what?
It's a thought.
