You don't hafta lift shit. You don't really work there. But as far as the records are concerned, you do. I call up Matthews, the foreman, tell him he's got a new guy. You're on the schedule. You got a timecard, it's clocked in and out for you everyday, and you get a pay check at the end of the week. And ya know dock workers don't do too bad. So you can move into a halfway decent place without Scagnetti thinkin "what the fuck." And if Scagnetti ever wants to make a surprise visit, you're gone that day. That day we sent you to Tustin. We gotta bunch of shit you needed to unload there. You're at the Taft airstrip pickin' up a bunch of shit and bringing it back. Part of your job is goin' different places - and we got places all over the place.
You're coming back to work for us, right?
Scagnetti? Oh shit, I hear he's a motherfucker.
Now ain't that a sad sight, daddy, walks into jail a white man, walks out talkin' like a nigger. It's all that black semen been shootin' up his butt. It's backed up into his brain and comes out of his mouth.
No, you'd keep me for yourself. Four years fuckin' punks in the ass made you appreciate prime rib when you get it.
You tried to fuck me in my father's office, you sick bastard. Look, Vic, whatever you wanna do in the privacy of your own home, go do it. But don't try to fuck me. I don't think of you that way. I mean, I like you a lot -
That I should've picked you up?
I'm sorry man, I shoulda picked you up personally at the pen. This whole week's just been crazy. I've had my head up my ass the entire time.
How ya doin', Toothpick?
Stop pointing your fuckin' gun at daddy!
The motherfucker killed Vic.
I don't buy it. It doesn't make sense.
I don't know what he did to her, but she got even.
No. She was from Ladora Heights.
Yeah, Elois. E and Lois. We called her Lady E.
Let me tell you guys a story. In one of daddy's clubs there was this black cocktail waitress named Elois.
A snake charmer, what the fuck d'you think. I'll call a doctor, take care of him, fix 'm right up. No, where's Mr. Brown and Mr. Blue?
I'll call somebody.
Jesus Christ, give me a fuckin' chance to breathe. I got a few questions of my own, ya know.
Holy shit, this guy's all fucked up!
Daddy, I'm sorry, I don't know what's happening.
Daddy, I got an idea. Now just hear it out. I know you don't like to use any of the boys on these jobs, but technically, Vic ain't one of the boys. He's been gone for four years. He ain't on no one's list. Ya know he can handle himself, ya know you can trust him.
Nuts. We got a big meeting in Vegas coming up. And we're kinda just gettin ready for that right now.
Me and you'll drive down to Long Beach tomorrow. I'll introduce you to Matthews, tell him what's going on.
This isn't all that bad. We can give you a lot of legitimate jobs. Put you on the rotation at Long Beach as a dock worker.
Really? Who's your P.O.?
Guy got me on the ground, tried to fuck me.
Daddy, did ya see that?
Let me say this out loud, just to get it straight in my mind. According to you, Mr. Blonde was gonna kill you. Then when we came back, kill us, grab the diamonds, and scram. That's your story? I'm correct about that, right?
Well, whoever she was, Elois looked like her. So one night I walk into the club, and no Elois. Now the bartender was a wetback, he was a friend of mine, his name was Carlos. So I asked him "Hey, Carlos, where's Lady E tonight?" Well apparently Lady E was married to this real piece of dog shit. I mean a real animal. And apparently he would so things to her.
Pam Grier.
It's not the black Beverly Hills, it's the black Palos Verdes. Anyway, this chick, Elois, was a man-eater- upper. I bet every guy who's ever met her has jacked off to her at least once. You know who she looked like? Christie Love. 'Member that TV show "Get Christie Love"? She was a black female cop. She always used to say "You're under arrest, sugar."
I gotta go along with Mr. Pink on this. I've seen it happen.
There is no fuckin' set up!  Look, this is the news. Blondie, you stay here and take care of them two. White and Pink come with me, 'cuz if Joe gets here and sees all those fucking cars parked out front, he's going to be as mad at me as he is at you.
What does it matter who stays with the cop? We ain't lettin' him go. Not after he's seen everybody. You should've never took him outta your trunk in the first place.
Well, let's go get it. We also gotta get rid of all those cars. It looks like Sam's hot car lot outside.  You stay here and babysit Orange and the cop.  You two take a car each, I'll follow ya. You ditch it, I'll pick you up, then we'll pick up the stones. And while I'm following you, I'll arrange for some sort of a doctor for our friend.
Would you stop it with that shit! You beat on this prick enough, he'll tell ya he started the Chicago fire. That don't necessarily make it so. Okay, first things fucking last, where's the shit? Please tell me somebody brought something with them.
I take it this is the bastard you told me about.  Why the hell are you beating on him?
Nobody saw what happened to Mr. Blue?
Nobody did. You assholes turn the jewelry store into a wild west show, and you wonder why cops show up.
And what are your answers? Was it me? You think I set you up?
Okay, Mr. Detective, who did it?
Bullshit.
What? Nobody set anybody up.
