He's right about the ear, it's hacked off.
What the fuck was that chick's name? Oh this is just great, I'm totally fuckin' tortured now.
No, it wasn't Pam Grier, Pam Grier was the other one. Pam Grier made the movies. Christie Love was like a Pam Grier TV show, without Pam Grier.
I was in the sixth grade when that show was on. I totally dug it. What the fuck was the name of the chick who played Christie Love?
The black Beverly Hills. I knew this lady from Ladora Heights once.  "Hi, I'm from Ladora Heights, it's the black Beverly Hills."
Go ahead and laugh, you know what I mean. What a while bitch will put up with, a black bitch won't put up with for a minute. They got a line, and if you cross it, they fuck you up.
We were trying to find out what he knew about the set up.
I got a bag. I stashed it till I could be sure this place wasn't a police station.
So he'll tell us who the fuck set us up.
Brown's dead, we don't know about Blue.
I don't know, but somebody did.
What the fuck d'you think we've been askin' each other?
Hey, fuck you man, you weren't there, we were. And I'm tellin' ya, the cops had that store staked out.
The cops were there waitin' for us!
We were set up, the cops were waiting for us.
Mr. Blue's dead?
Jesus Christ, Joe. Fuckin' forget it. This is beneath me. I'm Mr. Pink, let's move on.
Yeah, Mr. Pink sounds like Mr. Pussy. Tell you what, let me be Mr. Purple. That sounds good to me, I'm Mr. Purple.
Why can't we pick out our own colors?
Why am I Mr. Pink?
Because you paid for the breakfast, I'm gonna tip. Normally I wouldn't.
These ladies aren't starvin' to death. They make minimum wage. When I worked for minimum wage, I wasn't lucky enough to have a job that society deemed tipworthy.
Look, I ordered coffee. Now we've been here a long fuckin' time, and she's only filled my cup three times. When I order coffee, I want it filled six times.
I don't tip because society says I gotta. I tip when somebody deserves a tip. When somebody really puts forth an effort, they deserve a little something extra. But this tipping automatically, that shit's for the birds. As far as I'm concerned, they're just doin' their job.
I don't believe in it.
Uh-uh. I don't tip.
No, I can't. You know what I heard the other day? "Heartbeat-It's Lovebeat," by little Tony DeFranco and the DeFranco Family. I haven't heard that since I was in fifth fuckin' grade.
Yeah, it's fuckin' great isn't it?
Oh that's really easy for you to say, you're Mr. White. You gotta cool-sounding name. So tell me, Mr. White, if you think "Mr. Pink" is no big deal, you wanna trade?
Yeah, those guys too.
I'll make you a bet that those same damn niggers who were showin' their ass in public, when their bitches get 'em home, they chill the fuck out.
...Hey, I know what I'm talkin' about, black women ain't the same as white women.
He seems all right now, but he went crazy in the store.
I told ya he'd be pissed.
Fuck sides! What we need is a little solidarity here. Somebody's stickin' a red hot poker up our asses and we gotta find out whose hand's on the handle. Now I know I'm no piece of shit...  And I'm pretty sure you're a good boy...  And I'm fuckin positive you're on the level. So let's figure out who's the bad guy.
Then. That time has passed. Right now, Mr. Blonde is the only one I completely trust. He's too fuckin' homicidal to be workin' with the cops.
Cut the bullshit, we ain't on a fuckin' playground!  I don't believe this shit, both of you got ten years on me, and I'm the only one actin like a professional. You guys act like a bunch of fuckin' niggers. You ever work a job with a bunch of niggers? They're just like you two, always fightin', always sayin' they're gonna kill one another.
Both of you two assholes knock it the fuck off and calm down!
We don't think this place is safe.
He got it in the belly. He's still alive, but won't be for long.
Fuck you, White! I didn't create this situation, I'm just dealin' with it. You're acting like a first- year fuckin' thief. I'm actin like a professional. They get him, they can get you, they get you, they get closer to me, and that can't happen. And you, you motherfucker, are looking at me like it's my fault. I didn't tell him my name. I didn't tell him where I was from. I didn't tell him what I knew better than to tell him. Fuck, fifteen minutes ago, you almost told me your name. You, buddy, are stuck in a situation you created. So if you wanna throw bad looks somewhere, throw 'em at a mirror.
And I'm very sad about that. But some fellas are lucky, and some ain't.
We ain't taking him to a hospital.
Well that's that, then. I mean, I was worried about mug shot possibilities already. But now he knows:  what you look like,  what your first name is,  where you're from and  what your specialty is. They ain't gonna hafta show him a helluva lot of pictures for him to pick you out. That's it right, you didn't tell him anything else that could narrow down the selection?
One question: Do they have a sheet on you, where you told him you're from?
Oh, I don't doubt is was quite beautiful -
And what was tellin him your name when you weren't supposed to?
Why!
You didn't tell him your name, did ya?
Well, I guess we drop him off at the hospital. Since he don't know nothin' about us, I say it's his decision.
Well Joe ain't gettin' here. We're on our own. Now, I don't know a goddamn body who can help him, so if you know somebody, call 'em.
Assuming we can trust Joe, how we gonna get in touch with him? He's supposed to be here, but he ain't, which is making me nervous about being here. Even if Joe is on the up and up, he's probably not gonna be that happy with us. Joe planned a robbery, but he's got a blood bath on his hands now. Dead cops, dead robbers, dead civilians... Jesus Christ! I tend to doubt he's gonna have a lot of sympathy for our plight. If I was him, I'd try and put as much distance between me and this mess an humanly possible.
You gotta idea, spit it out.
Well, first things first, staying here's goofy. We gotta book up.
We can't take him to a hospital.
He scared the fuckin' shit outta me. I thought he was dead fer sure.
So what is it?
So, is he dead or what?
I gotta take a squirt, where's the commode in this dungeon?
Look, asshole, I'm right! Somebody's a fuckin' rat. How many times do I hafta say it before it sinks in your skull?
Now you're using your head. For all we know, he's the rat.
Oh, you and Joe go back a long time. I known Joe since I was a kid. But me saying Joe definitely couldn't have done it is ridiculous. I can say I definitely didn't do it, cause I know what I did or didn't do. But I can't definitely say that about anybody else, 'cause I don't definitely know. For all I know, you're the rat.
So who's the rat this time? Mr. Blue? Mr. Blonde? Joe? It's Joe's show, he set this whole thing up. Maybe he set it up to set it up.
No shit?
What?
Then where is everybody? I say the plan became null and void once we found out we got a rat in the house. We ain't got the slightest fuckin' idea what happened to Mr. Blonde or Mr. Blue. They could both be dead or arrested. They could be sweatin' 'em, down at the station house right now. Yeah they don't know the names, but they can sing about this place. I mean, that could be happening right now. As we speak, the cops could be in their cars, drivin' here this minute.
No, they're not in the car. No, I don't have them on me. Ya wanna go with me and get 'em? Yes, we can go right now. But first listen to what I'm telling you. We were fuckin' set up! Somebody is in league with the cops. We got a Judas in our midst. And I'm thinkin' we should have our fuckin' heads examined for waiting around here.
I got 'em, all right?
I got the diamonds.
Nope.
Yeah, and that was a fucking miracle. But if they did get away, where the fuck are they?
What do I think? I think the cops caught them, or killed 'em.
At that point it became every man for himself. As far as Mr. Blonde or Mr. Blue are concerned, I ain't got the foggiest. Once I got out, I never looked back.
Did ya see what happened to anybody else?
I think he's a sick fuckin' maniac! We're awful goddamn lucky he didn't tag us, when he shot up the place. I came this fucking close -  to taking his ass out myself. Everybody panics. When things get tense, everybody panics. Everybody. I don't care what your name is, you can't help it. It's human nature. But ya panic on the inside. Ya panic in your head. Ya give yourself a couple a seconds of panic, then you get a grip and deal with the situation. What you don't do, is shoot up the place and kill everybody.
I don't wanna kill anybody. But if I gotta get out that door, and you're standing in my way, one way of the other, you're gettin' outta my way.
Could you believe Mr. Blonde?
No real people?
Tagged a couple of cops. Did you kill anybody?
Shot my way out. Everybody was shooting, so I just blasted my way outta there.
Don't tell me your name, I don't want to know! I sure as hell ain't gonna tell ya mine.
I'm telling ya, it wasn't that soon. They didn't let their presence be known until after Mr. Blonde went off. I'm not sayin' they weren't there, I'm sayin' they were there. But they didn't move in till Mr. Blonde became a madman. That's how I know we were set up. You can see that, can't you, Mr. White?
The cops didn't show up after the alarm went off. They didn't show till after Mr. Blonde started shooting everyone.
That's not correct.
Why not?
I'm cool.
What the fuck am I doing here? I felt funny about this job right off. As soon as I felt it I should said "No thank you", and walked. But I never fucking listen. Every time I ever got burned buying weed, I always knew the guy wasn't right. I just felt it. But I wanted to believe him. If he's not lyin' to me, and it really is Thai stick, then whoa baby. But it's never Thai stick. And I always said if I felt that way about a job, I'd walk. And I did, and I didn't, because of fuckin' money!
Well, you better start thinking about it. Cause I, sure as fuck, am thinking about it. In fact, that's all I'm thinking about. I came this close to just driving off. Whoever set us up, knows about this place. There could've been cops sitting here waiting for me. For all we know, there's cops, driving fast, on their way here now.
You even doubt it? I don't think we got set up, I know we got set up! I mean really, seriously, where did all those cops come from, huh? One minute they're not there, the next minute they're there. I didn't hear any sirens. The alarm went off, okay. Okay, when an alarm goes off, you got an average of four minutes response time. Unless a patrol car is cruising that street, at that particular moment, you got four minutes before they can realistically respond. In one minute there were seventeen blue boys out there. All loaded for bear, all knowing exactly what the fuck they were doing, and they were all just there! Remember that second wave that showed up in the cars? Those were the ones responding to the alarm. But those other motherfuckers were already there, they were waiting for us.  You haven't thought about this?
This is so fucked up. Somebody fucked us big time.
Oh this is bad, this is so bad.  Is it bad?
Goddamn, goddamn! How did he die?
Oh that's just fucking great! Where's Brown?
Fuck all that.
So's working at McDonald's, but you don't feel the need to tip them. They're servin' ya food, you should tip em. But no, society says tip these guys over here, but not those guys over there. That's bullshit.
Do you know what this is? It's the world's smallest violin, playing just for the waitresses.
