Joe, you're making a terrible mistake I can't let you make.
How do you know all this?
It makes perfect fuckin' sense to me. Eddie, you didn't see how he acted during the job, we did.
Was he all pissed off?
Where was she from, Compton?
Elois?
Who?
You ain't dying, he is.
No shit, he's gonna fuckin' die on us if we don't get him taken care of.
Just hold on buddy boy.
What? Snap out of it!
When you're dealing with a store like this, they're insured up the ass. They're not supposed to give you and resistance whatsoever. If you get a customer or an employee who thinks he's Charles Bronson, take the butt of your gun and smash their nose in. Drops 'em right to the floor. Everyone jumps, he falls down, screaming, blood squirts out his nose. Freaks everybody out. Nobody says fuckin' shit after that. You might get some bitch talk shit to ya. But give her a look, like you're gonna smash her in the face next. Watch her shut the fuck up. Now if it's a manager, that's a different story. The managers know better than to fuck around. So if one's givin' you static, he probably thinks he's a real cowboy. So what you gotta do is break that son-of-a-bitch in two. If you wanna know something and he won't tell you, cut off one of his fingers. The little one. Then you tell 'im his thumb's next. After that he'll tell ya if he wears ladies underwear. I'm hungry, let's get a taco.
Myself and Mr. Pink?
Mr. Blonde and Mr. Blue?
Mr. Brown?
Let's go over it. Where are you?
Jesus Christ!
What for?
Don't ask me that.
Goddamn you, Joe, don't make me do this!
Joe, if you kill that man, you die next. Repeat, if you kill that man, you die next!
That's your proof?
Joe, trust me on this, you've made a mistake. He's a good kid. I understand you're hot, you're super-fuckin' pissed. We're all real emotional. But you're barking up the wrong tree. I know this man, and he wouldn't do that.
Joe, I don't know what you think you know, but you're wrong.
What the fuck are you talking about?
What's the cut, poppa?
No, they're not.
How many employees?
Bad luck. What's the exposure like?
He's doin' twenty years in Susanville.
Can you move the ice afterwards? I don't know nobody who can move ice.
She hooked up with Fed McGar, they've done a couple a jobs together. Good little thief. So, explain the telegram.
Sorry, it's my book now.
Who gives a damn?
Well, then, I'm afraid I'm gonna have to keep it.
You gonna put it away?
When you're annoying as hell, I care a lot.
For the past fifteen minutes now, you've just been droning on with names. "Toby... Toby... Toby... Toby Wong... Toby Wong... Toby Chung... fuckin' Charlie Chan." I got Madonna's big dick outta my right ear, and Toby Jap I-don't-know-what, outta my left.
I'm sick of fuckin' hearin' it Joe; I'll give it back when we leave.
Give me this fucking thing.
What's that?
That's your excuse for going on a kill crazy rampage?
He's the reason the place turned into a shooting gallery.  What are you, a silent partner? Fuckin' tell him.
Because this guy's a fucking psycho. And if you think Joe's pissed at us, that ain't nothing compared to how pissed off I am at him, for puttin' me in the same room as this bastard.
Hardy-fuckin-har. What did he say?
You talked to Nice Guy Eddie? Why the fuck didn't you say that in the first place?
For what, the cops?
Why?
Follow you where?
What was that? I'm sorry, I didn't catch it. Would you repeat it?
You almost killed me, asshole! If I had any idea what type of guy you were, I never would've agreed to work with you.
That fuckin' shooting spree in the store.
What's my problem? Yeah, I gotta problem. I gotta big problem with any trigger-happy madman who almost gets me shot!
We think we got a rat in the house.
Shit, you shoot me in a dream, you better wake up and apologize.
Uhuh, uhuh, what's I tell ya? That sick piece of shit was a stone cold psycho.
What happened?
Lie back down, and try to -
I can' take you to a hospital.
It's not good...
You're not gonna fucking die, all right?
I ain't going anywhere. I'm right here. I'm not gonna leave ya.
Bet your sweet ass we are.
Just hold on buddy boy. Hold on, and wait for Joe. I can't do anything for you, but when Joe gets here, which should be anytime now, he'll be able to help you. We're just gonna sit here, and wait for Joe. Who are we waiting for?
Correct.
Say-the-goddamn-words: You're gonna be okay!
Oh excuse me, I didn't realize you had a degree in medicine. Are you a doctor? Are you a doctor? Answer me please, are you a doctor?
Hey, just cancel that shit right now! You're hurt. You're hurt really fucking bad, but you ain't dying.
Who cares what your name is? Who cares if you're Mr. Pink, Mr. Purple, Mr. Pussy, Mr. Piss...
Not these guys.
Okay, Mr. Expert. If this is such a truism, how come every nigger I know treats his woman like a piece of shit?
There's a slight difference.
This is what he was doin'.
What are you gonna do about him?
You takin' his side?
You said yourself, you thought about takin' him out.
So you wanna git bit, huh?
This place just ain't secure anymore. We're leaving, and you should go with us.
Is that supposed to be funny?
Enough! You better start talkin' to us, asshole, cause we got shit we need to talk about. We're already freaked out, we need you actin freaky like we need a fuckin' bag on our hip.
You wanna shoot me, you little piece of shit? Take a shot!
That fuckin did it!
If we don't, he'll die.
If I have to tell you again to back off, me an you are gonna go round and round.
Of course.
Don't fuckin' patronize me.
We had just gotten away from the cops. He just got shot. It was my fuckin' fault he got shot. He's a fuckin' bloody mess - he's screaming. I swear to god, I thought we was gonna die right then and there. I'm tryin' to comfort him, telling him not to worry, he's gonna be okay, I'm gonna take care of him. And he asked me what my name was. I mean, the man was dyin' in my arms. What the fuck was I supposed to tell him, "Sorry, I can't give out that information, it's against the rules. I don't trust you enough."? Maybe I shoulda, but I couldn't.
He asked.
I told him where I was from a few days ago. It was just a casual conversation.
I told him my first name, and where I'm from.
Well, he knows a little about me.
I don't know anybody.
Before you got here, Mr. Orange was askin' me to take him to a hospital. Now I don't like turning him over to the cops, but if we don't, he's dead. He begged me to do it. I told him to hold off till Joe got here.
Joe could help him. If we can get in touch with Joe, Joe could get him to a doctor, Joe could get a doctor to come and see him.
So what do you suggest, we go to a hotel? We got a guy who's shot in the belly, he can't walk, he bleeds like a stuck pig, and when he's awake, he screams in pain.
Without medical attention, this man won't live through the night. That bullet in his belly is my fault. Now while that might not mean jack shit to you, it means a helluva lot to me. And I'm not gonna just sit around and watch him die.
He will be dead fer sure, if we don't get him to a hospital.
I think he's just passed out.
He ain't dead.
Go down the hall, turn left, up those stairs, then turn right.
That kid in there is dying from a fuckin' bullet that I saw him take. So don't be calling him a rat.
For all I know, you're the rat.
I don't buy it. Me and Joe go back a long time. I can tell ya straight up, Joe definitely didn't have anything to do with this bullshit.
Thank god, we discovered in time. We hadda forget the whole fuckin' thing. Just walked away from it.
Two jobs back, it was a four man job, we discovered one of the team was an undercover cop.
I swear to god I'm fuckin' jinxed.
That was the plan, we meet here.
Where? Are they out in the car?
Where?
How can you be so sure?
You don't think it's possible, one of them got a hold of the diamonds and pulled a -
Not even a chance they punched through? You found a hole.
What do you think?
Me and Mr. Orange jumped in the car and Mr. Brown floored it. After that, I don't know what went down.
What you're supposed to do is act like a fuckin' professional. A psychopath is not a professional. You can't work with a psychopath, 'cause ya don't know what those sick assholes are gonna do next. I mean, Jesus Christ, how old do you think that black girl was? Twenty, maybe twenty-one?
That's the way I look at it. A choice between doin' ten years, and takin' out some stupid motherfucker, ain't no choice at all. But I ain't no madman either. What the fuck was Joe thinkin'? You can't work with a guy like that. That motherfucker's unstable. What do you think? Do you think he panicked, or ya think he's just trigger-happy?
That was one of the most insane fucking things I've ever seen. Why the fuck would Joe hire somebody like that?
Uh-uh, just cops.
A few cops.
You're right, this is bad.  How did you get out?
Look, enough of this "Mr White" shit -
As soon as I heard the alarm, I saw the cops.
What's wrong with it?
Okay, let's go through what happened. We're in the place, everything's going fine. Then the alarm gets tripped. I turn around and all these cops are outside. You're right, it was like, bam! I blink my eyes are they're there. Everybody starts going apeshit. Then Mr. Blonde starts shootin' all the -
Want a smoke?
Splash some water on your face. Take a breather.
What's done is done, I need you cool. Are you cool?
Let's go in the other room...
I haven't had a chance to think. First I was just trying to get the fuck outta there. And after we got away, I've just been dealin' with him.
You really think we were set up?
As opposed to good?
How the fuck do you think? The cops shot him.
Dead.
Gun shot.
Waitressing is the number one occupation for female non-college graduates in this country. It's the one job basically any woman can get, and make a living on. The reason is because of tips.
You don't have any idea what you're talking about. These people bust their ass. This is a hard job.
