See you in the fleet, sir!
I know.
Congratulations, Ensign Mayo, sir!
You're good.
What're you waiting for, Mayo? Get your scuzzy ass up here.
Mayo, you didn't hear me -- I said I I'm busy! And so are you! Go get cleaned up!
I'm busy, Mayo. It'll have to wait.
Mayo, the rest of your class knows about candidate Worley, and we're all sorry.
Stop eyeballing me, Mayo, or you're out!
It doesn't matter what he's going through. That's the whole purpose of this zoo. What matters is he freaked out for some reason at twenty-five thousand feet and that can't ever happen again.
Maybe there's hope for you yet.
Mayo, are those your friends?
Not a fucking chance, asshole!
Pity you don't have the character.
What is it, the kicks? Is that it?
Why? Because you can do it alone?
That's no reason. Everybody wants to fly. My grandmother wants to fly. You going after a job with one of the airlines?
Sell it to the Air Force, Mayo!
No way, Mayo. You don't give a shit about anybody but yourself and every single one of your classmates knows it. Think they'd trust you behind the controls of a plane they have to fly in? Hey, man, I figure you for the kind of guy who'd zip off one day in my F-14 and sell it to the Cubans.
Hey, what do you say we call off this little charade of yours over a couple of beers at Trader Jon's...? Come on, man. You're about as close to being officer material as me.
No you're not. You're failing the big one, baby, and I don't just mean in here. I mean in life. I've watched you, Mayo, and you don't mesh. You grab-ass and joke around but you don't make friends, not the way the others do.
Stop eyeballing me, mister! I've looked through your file and done a little checking, and I know it all. I know about your mother. I know your old man's an alcoholic and a whore chaser.  Life sure has dealt you some shitty cards! Hasn't it, Mayo?
That's a lie, Mayo. You've gone through a lot worse, haven't you?
She may not make it through the program, but she's got more heart and more character than you'll ever have. I've seen your college record. I've never heard of most of those schools. Tell me something, Mayo. Did you buy that degree?
Get into your fatigues, Mayo. Before the weekend's out, you'll quit.
I want your D.O.R.
I thought I recognized the work.  Be proud of those wings. They're the only ones you're gonna leave here with, Mayo-naise.
Where'd you get this, Mayo? This is really wonder work.
How did you slip into this program, Mayo? I didn't know the Navy was so hard up.  You got an injury there, Mayo?
What's your name, boy?
Are you laughing at me, dick-brain?
What did you call me, Mayo?
Fall out on the lawn in five minutes, in your Poopie suits!
Stop whispering, Sweet Pea, you're giving me a hard on!
Only two things come out of Oklahoma, steers and queers. Which one are you, boy? I don't see any horns so you must be a queer.
Where are you from, boy?
Do you want to fuck me up the ass, boy? Is that why you called me a 'ewe'? Are you a queer?
Lauder, Sweet Pea!
No, sir!
You said, 'How're you?' I am not a 'ewe,' boy! A ewe is a female sheep, boy! Is that what you think I am, boy?
Before that.
What did you call me, boy?
What did you call me?
Hi, son.
I know why most of you are here. We're not stupid. But before you get to sell what we teach you over at United Airlines, you gotta give the Navy six years of your life, Sweet Pea. Lot of things can happen in six year. Another war could come up in six years. If you're too peaceful a person to dump napalm on an enemy village where there might be women and children, I'm gonna find that out. Understand?
Stop eyeballing me, boy! You are not worthy enough to look your superiors in the eye. Use your peripheral vision! Understand?!
I don't believe what I'm seeing! Where've you been all your lives, at an orgy? Listening to Mick Jagger and bad mouthing your country, I'll bet.
Louder!
Now when I say "understand" I want the whole group to say, "Yes, sir!" Understand?
