I'm not pregnant. I got my period this morning. There's no baby, Sid.
Sid, there's no baby.
But... but what would we do? Where would we go?
You what?
Let's go tell Paula! God, I wonder where we'll be stationed first. I hope it'll be Hawaii. I've always wanted to go to Hawaii.
Sid! Oh, it's beautiful! You mean...
I can't go like this. Can't you wait a few minutes 'til I'm ready?
What're you doing out of uniform, Sid? You don't want to get in trouble.
Let's just wait and see what happens.
What other issue is there, Sid?
What do you care? Suppose I was pregnant. Just suppose it. You don't think I'd try to make you do anything you don't want to, do you?
What difference does it make? If anything was to happen, which I'm sure it isn't, it would be my responsibility.
I'm a little late, that's all.
Then, I'll see you around.
If you won't take me to dinner with your parents, I won't meet you at the motel.
Sid Worley, I think you're ashamed of me.
Like pick up some booze and go to a motel?
Don't worry. I'll respect you afterwards.
Now what on earth would give you an idea like that?
We don't have to talk at all.
I had a big brother who died over there, too. He wasn't no flyer though. He was just your basic Marine Corps type. I was only twelve when it happened, so I don't remember much about him.
Vietnam?
Is your brother a flyer?
You been through the Dilbert Dunker yet?
Is this you boys first night of liberty since you got here?
You're no better than me, Paula! You're just the same!
Already come and gone. Can you believe it? He DORed in the twelfth week. How can you win?
I do.
No more backward, if you ask me, than the way these hotshot assholes fuck us, then ditch us.  Don't you ever feel used, Paula? Don't you ever feel like if this is all you get for your trouble then the sonofabitch ought to be paying for it...?
I never used to think I'd do something like that, but now I'm not so sure. You ask me, nine weeks just ain't long enough to get a guy to fall in love with you.
You know what I mean. Would you... let yourself get pregnant?
Paula, how far would you go to catch Zack?
You serious about having him over?
You hope.
No, but I told him I'd be at the Town Tavern next Saturday night, and he sounded like he might come.
Big Sid came in about two and a half seconds, then had the nerve to ask, 'Did you make it, too, sweetheart?'
But in what ways?
What did he do? Did he do anything that was different?
Details, Pokrif. From what I saw he had an incredible body.
Well, it you're not gonna ask, then I will. How was it?
I got my foot on the floor.
Come on. Let's go dance.
See you in a month when you get liberty!
Paula, look at the new Poopies.
Far fucking out! I've been wanting to meet one of the Blue Angels since I can remember.
Come on, guys. It's five o'clock.
Of course there was a baby. I'd never lie about something like that. Would I, Paula?
Of course. I don't want no Okie from Muscogee. I can get that right here in Port Angeles.
That there isn't one, as of today. I had my period.  I couldn't believe it. He still wanted to marry me.
Well, excuse me for livin'!
God! I've never seen anything like that in my whole life! Did you see that guy's nose?
