And I intend to correct that at once. I'll tell you something Mac...
I hear you Mac and I appreciate it. Frankly I don't know what I'd have done without you on this one.
Mac, you really earned your wings this flight.
On channel 10?
Well you did the right thing Mac.
Were you going to give it to them?
And what are they doing now, Mac?
You didn't do anything to the monitors, did you Mac?
Oh he did, did he?
Weren't you down in the dining room?
Where the hell did you come from?
All too well, captain.
It's a little late for you to be up.
Ain't it the truth. Must be good to be rich.
Why should she, it's her fault. All guests are told not to eat in zero gravity, but she just wanted to have fun I guess, didn't realize what a grain of salt can do to sophisticated machinery.
Idiot...
I told you not to try anything smart!  I guess you're too much of a maverick to follow a simple order!  And that's just too bad for all of you now, isn't it?
Sure you do.  Sending Mac out on a little recon work.  How pathetic.  Problem is it seems Mac blew a few fuses.  Or maybe he's just a little drunk. Were you partying with a robot Taylor?
Taylor, you surprise me.
That was a joke Taylor, lighten up!  Why don't you just hold them up to the lens.  I'll write them down, and once I'm through verifying them, I'll get back to you.
Well, preferably in tens and twenties...
Uh, that's an affirmative, Roger Wilco.  Please proceed.
Who said I'll re-enter in the pod? I got friends out in space, Ryan, friends willing to get me back unnoticed.  Thank God for deregulation huh?
I'd advise you to shut up and let me finish Taylor.  You needn't worry about the lifepods because they're all gone, jettisoned. Save for one.
Ok, I will.  The bad news is the ship is history.  Life support will last another 36 hours, maybe.
Now do you want the good news first or the bad news?
Yes I can transmit the code 3 emergency!  I just don't think it's a prudent move at this juncture.
Much as I'd like to help you and our valued guests, I'm afraid I can't.
The bridge is fine, Taylor, how are things down there?
Why yes Ryan, I am, and thanks for asking.  You don't have to talk to the intercom, I can hear you fine.
That's very professional sounding of you, Taylor.
Yeah yeah yeah, give me a minute here.
I can hardly wait.
No.  I'm all set.  Thanks.
I think I can handle it.
Uh...
Nah, I already ate.  Why don't you just go down there?
Thank you.
You gotta think of your old age.
It's steady, good benefits.
Well that hotel begins construction in January, there's going to be a lot of shuttle work.
I don't know.  Everything's up in the air at this point, no pun intended.
Ain't it the truth. The two say nothing for a beat -
Trust me.  Even checked 'em with my own eyes.
Why don't you reset and run it again.  The pods check out ok.
There must be some mistake. You sure you hit the right commands?
No, I just ran it!  Why are you running it again?
Well I guess there's no time like the present.  I'll go run a check on that room, just to show we go that extra mile for our guests.
Over and out!
Good.  Now you'll hear from me when I have the new coordinates. In the meantime don't bug me.
Is that clear?
Now I got enough air and supplies to make another complete orbit in the pod!  You're just gonna have to pick me up later.
Let's get something straight, Chappy!
I told you, I had to teach a few people a lesson!
Don't worry about me, I'm changing coordinates now.  I've come to far to be tripped up by some Dudley do-right... motherfuckers!
This ship is going down in a blaze of glory!
The others decided to get cute with me, so I'm teaching them a lesson!
Cool your jets...I'm doing a little damage control.
I know, I know.
Oh you'll get it, believe me.  So I'll see you in a few.
I don't know.  I really haven't made up my mind yet.  We'll see how nicely they behave.
Yeah, I know Bill, I came up with the plan remember?  Just have those hangar doors open and ready, I can take it from there.
Seems like they're cooperating. Hopefully I'll be out of here and on my way very soon.
That's me.
