Yes.  It's not a criticism, by the way.
Yes?
That'll - it'd be a first; man and dinosaur all die together.  John's plan.
Must go faster, go, go.  Open it up, 5th gear, 5th gear! Here it comes!  Stand on it!  Fifth - stand on it, 5th gear, go!
Must go faster, it's getting closer - must go faster!
Please - - chance it.
Dino droppings?
No one could have predicted Dr. Grant would suddenly jump out of a moving vehicle!
And even if we haven't seen it yet, I'm quite sure it's going on in this park right now.
Microscopic - - never repeat, and vastly affect the outcome.  That's what?
- - on your hand, the amount of blood distending in your vessels, imperfections in the skin - -
It changed.  Why?  Okay, back over your wrist.  Because and here is the principle of tiny variations - - the orientations of the hairs - -
It simply deals with unpredictability in complex systems.  It's only principle is the Butterfly Effect. A butterfly can flap its wings in Peking and in Central Park you get rain instead of sunshine.
You see?  The tyrannosaur doesn't obey set patterns or park schedules.  It's the essence of Chaos.
God creates dinosaurs.  God destroys dinosaurs.  God creates man.  Man destroys God.  Man creates dinosaurs.
It's anti-nature.
And scary.
I know, it's very exciting.
That's right.  Will break through.
No?  Non-linear equations?  Strange attractions?  Dr. Sattler, I refuse to believe that you are not familiar with the concept of attraction!
What?  What can we do?
Oh my God!
You're sure?!
When you gotta go, you gotta go.
I know.
I didn't say I was scared.
Kids get scared.
The kids okay?
You want to talk about this?
Machines hate you?
You haven't touched  didn't touch anything.  We're stopping.  We've stopped.
Why?  Oh, I'm sorry.  Are you two, uh - - are?  I wish you the best luck.
By the way, Dr. Sattler - she's not like, uh, available, is she? - -
Occasionally.  Always on the lookout for the future ex- Mrs. Malcolm.
Me?  Oh, hell yes.  Three.  I love 'em.  I love kids.  Anything at all can and does happen.
to Ellie) You will remember to wash your hands before you eat anything?
to Grant) She's, uh - - tenacious.
Not without massive sequence gaps!
So you two dig up dinosaurs?
Wait a minute?  What do you mean "worked"?  Everything is still off!
You're all right, John You're okay.  It's just you don't have intelligence.  You have "thinktelligence."  You think narrowly and call it "being focused."  You don't see the consequences.  You're very good at solving problems, at getting answers - - but you just don't know the right questions.
There's nothing that great about discovery.  What's so great about discovery?  It's a violent, penetrative act that scars what it explores.  What you call discovery I call the rape of the natural world!
Hold on - - this is no species that was obliterated by deforestation or the building of a dam.  Dinosaurs had their shot.  Nature selected them for extinction.
Your scientists were so preoccupied with whether or not they could that they didn't stop to think if they should.  Science can create pesticides, but it can't tell us not to use them.  Science can make a nuclear reactor, but it can't tell us not to build it!
Don't you see the danger, John, inherent in what you're doing here?  Genetic power is the most awesome force ever seen on this planet.  But you wield it like a kid who's found his dad's gun.
John, the kind of control you're attempting is not possible.  If there's one thing the history of evolution has taught us, it's that life will not be contained. Life breaks free.  It expands to new territories.  It crashes through barriers.  Painfully, maybe even.. dangerously, but and...well, there it is.
Dr. Grant, Dr. Sattler -- you've heard of Chaos Theory?
John, John.
I certainly have!  Very clearly!  Because of the behavior of the system in phase space!
John doesn't subscribe to Chaos, particularly what it has to say about his little science project!
Chaotician, actually!  Chaotician!
