That's good, Hilda. I'm glad.
Tell me, Hilda -- does all this frighten you -- does it make you feel insecure?
Good. Did you speak to our friend Mr. Carpenter?
What about the people who are coming to the meeting tonight? Have they all arrived?
What a brilliant idea. I never would have thought of it.
Thanks -- I'm enjoying it right here.
Maybe a little demonstration.
I wouldn't want you to harm anybody -- or destroy anything.
Something that would dramatize for them and for their people the seriousness of the situation. Something that would affect the entire planet.
Would such, a demonstration be possible before the meeting?
The people who came to the meeting must be made to realize this. They must understand what is at stake.  You mentioned a demonstration of force--
Such power exists?
One thing, Mr. Klaatu. Suppose this group should reject your proposals. What is the alternative?
I'm afraid I can't offer you any real protection. I have no influence in cases of inter-planetary conspiracy.
What about your personal safety in the meantime? What about the Army -- and the police?
You'd have no objection to revealing yourself at this meeting?
It is not enough to have men of science. We scientists are too easily ignored -- or misunderstood. We must get important men from every field. Educators -- philosophers -- church leaders -- men of vision and imagination -- the finest minds in the world.
Would you be willing to meet with the group of scientists I am calling together?. Perhaps you could explain your mission to them, and they in turn could present it to their various peoples.
What -- what sort of action do you mean?
I gather that your efforts on the official level were not entirely successful.
Would you care to be more specific?
We scientists understand this. Even we primitive scientists.  What exactly is the nature of your mission, Mr. Klaatu?
These other planets -- do they have peace and security?
If you mean that you are afraid of us--
Yes -- that is true.
That was my first question.
It isn't faith that makes good science, Mr. Klaatu. Its curiosity.  Sit down, please. I have several thousand questions to ask you.
As though unsure of what he's heard) Yes -- yes, I have.
How can you be so sure? Have you tested this theory?
Yes -- that will reproduce the first- order terms. But what about the effect of the other terms?
Not yet. That's why I wanted to see you.
You wrote this?
