Something dramatic -- but not destructive.  It's quite an interesting problem.  Would day after tomorrow be all right? Say about noon?
Why don't you leave it to me? I'll think of something.
That can easily be arranged.
Yes -- of course.
Yes.
I assure you such power exists.
I'm afraid you have no alternative. In such, a case the planet Earth would have to be--  --eliminated.
I'm sure I'll be quite safe until the meeting.
My name is Carpenter and I'm a very earthy character living in a respectable boarding house.
No -- not at all.
I leave that in your hands.
That's what I came to see you about.
Violent action -- since that seems to be the only thing you people understand.  Leveling the island of Manhattan, perhaps -- or dropping the Rock of Gibraltar into the sea.
I come to you as a last resort -- and I confess that my patience is wearing thin.  Must I take drastic action in order to get a hearing?
What I have to say must be said to all concerned.  It is too important to be entrusted to any individual.
I came here to warn you that, by threatening danger, your planet faces danger -- very grave danger. I am prepared, however, to offer a solution.
We had our atomic wars -- thousands of years ago.  After that we fought with bows and arrows. Then, slowly, we learned that fighting is no solution -- that aggression leads to chaos.
We want to be sure you don't make -- let us say -- an unfortunate mistake. We know the potentiality of these developments and we are disturbed to find them in the hands of children... You see, we've had atomic energy for five thousand of your years.  We discarded instruments like this many centuries ago.  So long as you were limited to fighting among yourselves -- with your primitive tanks and planes -- we were unconcerned. But soon you will apply atomic energy to space ships -- and then you become a threat to the peace and security of other planets. That, of course, we cannot tolerate.
In the hands of a mature civilization, these would not be considered weapons of aggression. But in the hands of your people--  We've observed your aggressive tendencies, and we don't trust you with such power.
It was my intention to discuss this officially -- with all the nations of the Earth -- but I was not allowed the Opportunity. I have come to realize since that your mutual fears and suspicions are merely the normal reactions of a primitive society.  We know from scientific observation that you have discovered a rudimentary kind of atomic energy. We also know that you are experimenting with rockets.
I would like to explain something of my mission here.
You have faith, Professor Barnhardt
My name is Klaatu.  I spent two days at your Walter Reed Hospital. Room 309. My doctor's name was Major White -- and I had a very attractive nurse called Ruth, who's getting married next Wednesday.  If you are not interested -- or if you intend to turn me over to your Army -- we needn't waste any more time.
I find it works well enough to get me from one planet to another.  I understand you've called a meeting to study our space ship.
Almost negligible... With variation of parameters, this is the answer.
It was a clumsy way to introduce myself -- but I understand you're a difficult man to see.  I thought you'd have the solution by this time.
Why -- the light in my room went out.  Thank you, Bobby. Goodnight.
Bobby -- have you a flashlight?
I'll say goodnight again.
All you have to remember is, first find the common denominator -- then subtract.
We'll finish it tomorrow... Goodnight, Bobby.
We certainly did.
Mrs. Benson -- this is Mr. Brady.
Why not, Bobby?
Would you give me your two dollars for a couple of them?
Some places that's what people use for money. They're easy to carry -- and they don't wear out.
No -- I want to take you to the movies.  Do you think they'd accept these?
Certainly.  Tell me, Bobby -- do you have to have money to go there?
All right.
They have cemeteries. But not like this one... You see, they don't have any wars.
I'll tell you, Bobby -- I've been away for a long time. Very far away.
No -- I'm afraid not.
Did all these people die in wars?
He doesn't know the answer. And he'll never get it that way.
It's a problem in celestial mechanics.
We can scare him more than he can scare us.
Wouldn't you like to meet him?
Bobby -- I have an idea. Let's go see Professor Barnhardt and find out how he talks.
Velocity is the time rate of change of position.
I don't know, Bobby. I'm inclined to doubt it.
Well -- there are several ways to reduce landing speed. You see, the velocity--
Maybe four thousand miles an hour. And outside the Earth's atmosphere a good deal faster.
Yes -- I think so.
No. It's for a lot of other things, too.
Well -- atomic power, I would imagine.
I shouldn't be at all surprised.
Where is that?
He lives here in Washington, doesn't he?
I was speaking of earth men. I meant the greatest philosopher -- the greatest thinker.
Bobby -- who's the greatest man in America today?
No -- I'm afraid not.
Before making any decisions, I think I should get out among your people -- become familiar with the basis for these strange, unreasoning attitudes.
I am impatient with stupidity. My people have learned to live without it.
I can judge only by what I see.
I will not speak to any one nation or group of nations.  I don't intend to add my contribution to your childish jealousies and suspicions.
It's not your government I'm thinking about. It's your world.
Thank you... Have you any news?
Apparently I'm not as cynical about Earth's people as you are.
Then why not a meeting of all the Chiefs of State?
I intend to explain. To all the nations -- simultaneously.  How do we proceed, Mr. Harley?
My mission here is not to solve your petty squabbles. It concerns the existence of every last creature who lives on Earth.
I am not concerned, Mr. Harley, with the internal affairs of your planet. I consider that to be your business -- not mine.
The first two years of television we were convinced that all you did was wrestle.
We've been monitoring your radio broadcasts for a good many years. That's how we learned your languages. Lately, we've been getting your television also.
I traveled 250 million miles. What about your United Nations?
I want to meet with representatives from all the nations of the Earth.
This is not a personal matter, Mr. Harley. It concerns all the people on your planet.
I'd be glad to.  Not now, of course -- with you alone.
I mean the reasons for my coming here.
I'm afraid, in the present situation you'll have to learn to think that way.
From another planet. Let's just say that we're neighbors.
About 250 million of your miles.
About five months -- your months.
Sit down, Mr. Harley.
Just Klaatu.
I'm sorry.
He'll have you -- and Tom.
How long will I live?  That no one can say.
This technique, in certain cases, can re-stimulate life for a limited period. It's a refinement of scientific principles known to your own people.
No -- that is a power reserved to the Almighty Spirit.
I was.
Hello.
Remember those words.
There's no limit to what he could do. He could destroy the Earth.  If anything should happen to me, you must go to Gort. You must give him this message: "Klaatu barada nikto." Please repeat that.
I'm worried about Gort. I'm afraid of what he might do -- if anything should happen to me.
At the ship.
I'm sure Barnhardt can arrange to hide me until the meeting.
Who?
Back to the boardinghouse. I'll be safe there for the afternoon -- and I can keep an eye on Bobby. He's the only other person who knows anything about--
It must be twelve-thirty.
I can see no other hope for your planet. If the meeting should fail, then I'm afraid there is no hope.
You see -- the electricity's been neutralized -- all over the world.
It won't work.
We'll be stuck here for a little while -- about thirty minutes.
What time is it?
Before I ask you to be honest with me, perhaps I should be completely honest with you--
Did you believe what he told you?  I have a reason for asking this -- a very important reason.
I want to know what he told you last night.
I saw Bobby this morning before he went to school--
May I walk out with you?
May I see you for a minute?
Goodnight, my dear.
Excuse me. I was just going up to my room.
Oh -- they just wanted to ask me a few questions. Bobby and I tried to see Professor Barnhardt in the afternoon, but he wasn't in. Apparently they thought I was looking for secrets of some kind.
Warm and friendly and intelligent--  You know -- he's the only real friend I've made since I've been here.
He's a fine boy, Mrs. Benson.
Bobby's the only person I know who isn't -- Jittery.
Everyone seems so--
I enjoyed every minute of it.
You might keep this.  I think the professor will want to get in touch with me.
We came to see Professor Barnhardt.
He'll catch on to it in no time now.
May I suggest that you call the Professor?
How long will that take?
They would have killed this man?
You don't.
No -- I'm afraid not.
It's really quite simple... The three- body problem, you know.
In this case the secret wouldn't be worth much. He doesn't know the answer himself.
That's right.
I was only trying to be helpful. He was having difficulty with a problem.
