A moment alone, please.
He never jokes... Perhaps the professor could use your computer.
Back home, we call him the miracle worker.
I tried to clear things up, Professor Scott. I explained you'd come all the way from Edinburgh on appointment to study manufacturing methods here at Plexico, but they don't seem to know anything about it.
Congratulations, Jim. I think you've saved the Earth.
He's coming 'round, Jim...
Wake up, man, wake up!
Tearing of the middle meningeal artery...
Cramps.
Jim, you've got to let me go in there! Don't leave him in the hands of Twentieth Century medicine.
Oh, joy.
It doesn't look all that different.
That's crazy!
I prefer a dose of common sense. you are proposing to head backwards in time, find Humpback Whales, then bring them forward in time, drop them off - and hope they tell this Probe what to do with itself!
Sure, slingshot around the Sun. If you pick up enough speed you're in time warp. If you don't, you fry..
You're really going to try this time travel in this rust bucket?
Now wait just a damn minute.
No way -- somebody has to keep an eye on him!
Dammit, Jim, they've made him into a goddam green-blooded computer!
Are you sure?  That's what I thought.
I mean <u>him</u>, back at his post, like nothing happened. I don't know if you'd got the whole picture but he isn't exactly working on all thrusters.
You sure this is such a bright idea?
I just wish we could cloak the stench.
You'd think they could at least send a ship. Bad enough to be court marshaled and spend the rest of our lives mining borite -- but to come home in this Klingon flea trap...
It is.
No, Spock. It means he feels safer about your "guesses" than most other peoples facts.
Well nobody's perfect...
Guess, Spock. Your best guess.
Well, you're gonna have to take your best shot.
Naturally.  So what is your problem?
You, ah...  You present the appearance of a man with a problem.
Angels and ministers of grace, defend us.
Then how.?
You just said there aren't any except on Earth of the past.
... My God...
That's crazy! Who would send a probe hundreds of light years to talk to a whale?
I liked him better before he died.
Really? You think this is its way of saying "Hi there" to the people of the Earth?
You mean I have to die to discuss your insights on death?
You're joking...!
Spock, it's me, Bones! I mean our experience was unique. You really have gone where no man has gone before. Can't you tell me what it felt like?
Forget it...  How 'bout covering a little philosophical ground? Life, Death, Life... Things of that nature?
Umm. Well, just wanted to say -- nice to have your katra back in your head, not mine.  I mean, I may have carried your soul, but I sure couldn't fill your shoes.
Hi... Busy?
My God, man, drilling holes in his head is not the answer. The artery must be repaired without delay or he will die! So put away your butcher knives and let me save the patient!
Fundoscopic examination is unrevealing in these cases!
How do you explain slowing pulse, low respiratory rate and coma?
Reading the patient's vital signs.
We're just -- observing.
