You -- sent them away. Without even letting me say goodbye?
Why don't I?
Sorry if I spoke out of turn.
I don't know about you, but my compassion for someone is not limited to my estimate of their intelligence.  I mean whales may not have painted the Mona Lisa or invented the dirt bike but they didn't ravish the land either.
Yeah.
Bob... it's tearing me apart.
Fine. Just fine.
Just a couple of kooks...
You sure you won't change your mind?
You're not one of those guys from the military, are you? Trying to teach whales to retrieve torpedoes, or some dipshit stuff like that?
So you were at Berkeley.
I suppose they told you that...?
Communicate? Communicate what? You have no right to be here!
Whoever said the human race was logical?  Now if you'll follow me, I'll introduce you to the Institute's pride and joy.
Don't worry. I'll find <u>you</u>.  See you around the galaxy...
Why does it have to be goodbye?
You're going to your ship, I'm going to mine. Science Vessel. I've got 300 years of catch-up learning to do.
I belong here.  Suppose by some miracle you do get them through.  Who in the 23rd Century knows anything about Humpback whales?
... What does that mean?
Oh my God, we're too late!
You need me.
All right. The frequency is 401 megahertz.
What do I care? I've got nobody but those whales...
What are you talking about? I'm coming with you.
Yes... If you have a chart on board, I can show you.
If we keep going up, they'll catch us!
What kind of spaceship is this, anyway?
They were taken last night. I wasn't told. They're in Alaska by now.
Kirk. They're gone.
But Kirk...
Have I flipped out? ... Is any of this real?
It's true... what you said...
Here... In the park?
I bet you're a damn good poker player.
So. There we are.
Sorry, that's classified.  I don't really have a clue who you are... You wouldn't want to show me around your space ship, would you?
Well, "Admiral," that may be the strangest dinner of my life and the biggest cockamamie fish story I've ever heard.
Jesus, you are persistent.  Okay, your friend was right. Gracie is not only pregnant, she is very pregnant... At noon tomorrow -- in what is sure to be a media circus -- the whales get shipped out.
Are you kidding? I wouldn't miss this for all the tea in China.
Well, why didn't you say so? Why all the coy disguises?
I'm all ears.
Well, I was close. I knew outer space was going to come into it sooner or later.
Don't tell me: you're from outer space.
... Who are you?
Wanna try it from the top?
You got a pocket pager? What are you, a doctor?
What's that?
Let's just say that no humpback born in captivity has ever survived.  Problem is, they won't be a whole lot safer at sea because of all the hunting this time of year... So that, as they say, is that.  Damn.
Sorry, the time would have to be right now.
My whales? Where could you take them where they'd be safe?
Where could you take them?
I told you: I'm a sucker for hard luck cases. Besides, I want to know why you travel around with that ditzy guy who knows that Gracie is pregnant and calls you Admiral.
Thanks. Cheers.
You? You can't even get from Sausalito to San Francisco without a lift.
See, yes. But we'll tag them with radio transmitters on a special frequency so we can keep tabs on them.
They'll be flown in a special 747 to Alaska and released there.
... You're very perceptive.
Just lucky, I guess.
Good.  A large mushroom and pepperoni with extra onions. And a Michelob.
Do you trust me?
He's just going to hang around the bushes while we eat?
How did you know Gracie's pregnant? Nobody knows that.
Or believe, I'll bet.
Then --
All right. Who are you? and don't jerk me around any more. I want to know how you know that.
Well, that's something. I'da let you off right here.
It means that they will be at risk from whale hunters -- same as the rest of the humpbacks.  What did you mean when you said all that stuff back at the Institute about extinction?
They're gonna hafta take their chances.
Go ahead.
A landlubber. Come on, what the hell were you boys really trying to do back there? Was it some kinda macho thing? If that's all, I'm gonna be real disappointed. I hate that macho type.
Uh huh. What about you? Where you from?
Don't mention it. And don't try anything, either. I got a tire iron right where I can get at it.
You've already been that. C'mon.
LDS?? Are you dyslexic on top of everything else? Come on, Lemme give you a lift. I have a notorious weakness for hard luck cases -- that's why I work with whales.
I buy that. What about him?
Came all the way down here to jump in and swim with the kiddies, huh?
The hell you were, buster. Your friend was messing up my tank and messing up my whales...
Ohhh<u>kay</u>. I don't know what this is about, but I want you guys outta here right now or I call the cops.
Soon... It's too bad because they're very friendly as you can see. I've grown quite attached to them... This way.
Well, for one thing, we simply don't have the money to keep feeding them a couple of tons of shrimp a day!
Despite all the things they are teaching us we have to return George and Gracie to the open sea.
They are mature humpbacks, weighing 45,000 pounds each. They wandered into San Francisco Bay as calves and were brought here. We call them George and Gracie.
To put it mildly. Since the dawn of time, men have harvested whales for a variety of purposes, most of which can be achieved synthetically at this point. A hundred years ago, using hand-thrown harpoons, they did plenty of damage -- but that was nothing compared to what they've achieved in this century.
