Excelsior? Why in God's name would you want that bucket of bolts?
Admiral, you'll be trapped!
It's under water! There's no way to reach it...
No power to the bay doors.
You better get up there, sir. We're having some power fall-off...
The beasties seem happy to see you, Doctor. I hope you like our little aquarium.
Full power, sir.
Stand by, sir. Miracle worker at work...
I'll have to re-energize.
Admiral! There be whales here!
10 seconds, Admiral; 5 - 4 - 3 - 2 - 1.
Stay with me, sir -- I need more power curve...
Aye. But I've never beamed up 400 tons before.
I'm ready Spock. Let's go find George and Gracie...
I'll try, sir. Scott out.  Well now, he's got himself in a bit of a snit, don't he.
It's going slow, sir. It'll be well into tomorrow.
Sorry, Admiral. We just thought you'll like to know, we're beaming them now.
Sorry, sir. We can't even do that in the 23rd Century.
Oh, twenty-four hours, give or take, staying cloaked. After that, Admiral, we'll be visible -- and dead in the water. In any case, we won't have enough to break out of the Earth's gravity, to say nothing of getting back home.
They're giving out. De-crystallizing.
Two?
Admiral - how am I going to handle all that weight?
Humpbacked - people.?
I suppose I can, sir; are you planning to take a swim?
About 60 feet, Admiral.
We're ready, sir. I've converted the Dilithium Sequencer to something less primitive. And Admiral -- I've replaced the Klingon Food Packs. They was givin' me sour stomach.
Give me one more day, sir. The damage control is easy. Reading Klingon is hard.
That's the ticket, laddie.
The keyboard... How quaint.
Hello? Computer...?
Yes, I noticed. Now suppose -- just suppose -- I could show you a way to manufacture a wall that would do the same job but was only an inch thick. would that be worth something to you, eh?
Ah, what else indeed? Let me put it another way: how thick would a piece of your plexiglass need to be at 60 feet by 10 feet to withstand the pressure of 18,000 cubic feet of water?
I notice you're still working with polymers.
Doctor Nichols, I might have something to offer <u>you</u>.
I will. Can my assistant come, too?
Well, that's different.
I demand to see the owners! I demand --
Don't know anything about it? I find it difficult to believe that I've come millions of miles --
