Humans make illogical decisions...
I would accept that as an axiom.
I do this because I was there,
To Earth. To offer testimony.
As you wish, since you deem them of value. But I cannot wait here to find them.
The question is irrelevant.
I do not understand the final question...
You're saying... It is a compliment.
... I don't think he understands...
"Guessing" is not in my nature...
... Best shot...?
Acceleration is no longer a constant.
Your perception is correct, Doctor... In order to return us to the exact moment at which we left the 23rd Century, I have used our journey back through time as a referent, calculating the coefficient of elapsed time in relation to the acceleration curve.
Hamlet, Act I scene 4.
That is what I said, Doctor.
10 million years earlier. Humpbacks were heavily hunted by Man. They have been extinct since the 21st Century... It is possible that an alien intelligence sent the probe to determine why they lost contact.
Specifically, Humpback Whales.
There are millions of other species on Earth, Doctor. Only human arrogance would assume the message was meant for man.
Most unusual. An unknown form of energy of great intelligence and power. I find it illogical that its intentions are hostile...
Pardon me, Doctor, I am hearing many calls of distress.
A joke is a story with a humorous climax.
It would be impossible to discuss the subject without a common frame of reference.
I did not have time on Vulcan to review the Philosophical disciplines.
... My shoes...
Uhura is busy. I am monitoring.
Is there something wrong with the one I have?
Are you sure it isn't time for a colorful metaphor?
I was not.
The hell they did.
They like you very much. But they are not the hell your whales.
Attempting the hell to communicate.
To hunt a species to extinction is not logical.
I will, Admiral.
No data, Admiral. Computers are non-functional.
They did, Admiral.
Hardly, Admiral, I cannot even guarantee we will escape the Sun's gravity! I will attempt to compensate by altering our trajectory.
Mr. Scott cannot give me exact figures, Admiral. So I will...  Make a <u>guess</u>.
Admiral, you must wait one damn minute.
No, Admiral... But is the human thing to do.
Admiral, may I suggest that Dr. McCoy is correct. We must help Chekov.
Admiral. Full power is restored.
In that event, the probabilities are that our mission would fail.
No word since beam-in. We can only wait for their call.
The tank will be finished by morning...
I meant --
How will playing cards help?
I believe I was successful in communicating our intentions.
They are very unhappy about the way their species has been treated by man.
The hell I can't
Exaggerate.
I cannot tell a lie.
I see.
Why not?
Yes?
Admiral, if we were to assume these. whales are ours to do with as we please, we would be as guilty as those who caused their extinction.
Ah... The giants.
For example?
Your use of language has altered since our arrival. It is currently laced with -- shall I say -- more colorful metaphors: "Double dumb ass on you" -- and so forth...
Admiral, may I ask you a question?
As you observed, a primitive Culture.
How do you know this...?
Simple logic will suffice. We need a map.  That one should do.
Weren't those a birthday present from Dr. McCoy?
Nuclear power was widely used in naval vessels...
We could rig a device to collect their high energy photons safely; we could then inject the photons into the dilithium chamber, causing crystalline restructure.... Theoretically.
If memory serves, there was a dubious flirtation with nuclear fission reactors resulting in toxic side effects. By the beginning of the fusion era, these reactors had been replaced, but at this time, we should be able to find some.
There is a 20th Century possibility.
Admiral, if I may: we're probably already visible to the tracking devices of the time.
Judging by the pollution content of the atmosphere, I believe we have arrived at the late 20th Century.
I have.
Availability of fuel components; Mass of the vessel through a time continuum, and the probable location of Humpbacks, in this case, the Pacific basin.
Not with this equipment. I have had to program some of the variables from memory.
The late 20th Century.
Ready to engage computer, Admiral.
In progress, Admiral.
There is one, but I cannot guarantee its success. We could attempt to find some Humpback Whales.
That would be futile, Admiral. The probe would neutralize us easily.
The Humpback was indigenous to Earth. Earth of the past.
The sounds, but not the language. We would be responding in gibberish.
As suspected, the Probe's transmissions are the songs sung by whales.
To the on-board computer room. To confirm my suspicion.
A distinct possibility, Admiral. The President did say the transmission was directed at the Earth's Oceans
It would be improper to refer to you as Jim while you are in command, Admiral... Also, I must apologize for my attire.  I seem to have misplaced my uniform.
Thank you, Admiral.
Permission to come aboard.
Tell her I feel fine...
They are my friends.
Most kind, Father.
It is kind of you to make this effort.
Father...?
