Do it!
<i>Storm</i> music...Wagner...
Cue music...
Sweep the harbor.
We're not watching the sea.
What have we missed?
All prop cars accounted for?
Give me a shot from Truman's ring.
What happened down there?
What's on the ClockCam?
Why wasn't I told?  Any unpredictable behavior has to be reported.  Is that the best shot we can get?
Why is he in the basement?
No, hold back...
We've learnt about life as Truman has and, despite the complaints of a minority, it's been an overwhelmingly positive experience, for Truman and for the viewing public.
I've been tempted.  But I think it's important to retain objectivity.  I wouldn't want to get emotionally caught up.
We accept the reality of the world with which we're presented.  As the show expanded, naturally we were forced to manufacture ways to keep Truman in Seahaven - demonstrating that every venture is accompanied by a risk.
There's nothing on the show I don't use myself.
Yes, everything you see on the show is for sale - from the actors' wardrobe, food products, to the very homes they live in--
People forget it takes the <i>population</i> of an entire country to keep the show running.
That's correct.
In competition with five other unwanted pregnancies - the casting of a show determined by an air date - he was the one who arrived on cue.
He was curious from birth - premature by two weeks, as if he couldn't wait to get started.
Let me demonstrate some examples.
As with our own lives, the only people he can't cast are his family.  Otherwise he has final approval, able to elevate an extra into a lead role as was the case with his only real friend, Marlon, or alternatively relegate a star to a bit player.
Certainly a nomination.
We find many viewers leave him on all night for comfort.  Haven't you ever watched your child or your lover sleep?
Not only does he give us a glimpse of the truth, he gives us a glimpse of ourselves.
I prefer to think of it as a mirror.
We've become tired of watching actors give us phony emotions, bored with pyrotechnics and special effects.  While the world he inhabits is counterfeit, there's nothing fake about Truman himself.  No scripts, no cue cards.  It's not always Shakespeare but it's genuine.  That's how he can support an entire channel.
It has to be the reality.
As you know ratings have never been our primary goal.  I imagine we'll lose those voyeurs only interested in witnessing Truman's latest torment.  However, I'm certain that our core audience will remain loyal.
Amnesia.
That and a fat, new contract.
Since Kirk started this whole crisis in Truman's life, I came to the conclusion that he was the only one who could end it.
--a dead one at that.
We <i>have</i> had our close calls in the past.
Thank you.
Truman, I've watched you your whole life. I saw you take your first step, your first word, your first kiss.  I know you better than you know yourself.  You're not going to walk out that door--
<i>You</i> were real.  That's what made you you so good to watch.
You're the star.
A show - that gives hope and joy and inspiration to millions.
I'm the creator.
