Let's take another call.  London, England, you're on "Tru Talk."
The Hague for Christof...The Hague?...lost them.  Hollywood, California, you're on "Tru Talk."
You've never actually met Truman, yourself.  Never thought about doing a cameo--playing a veterinarian, or a priest, something like that?
Why do you feel that Truman's never come close to discovering the true nature of his world?
And it's all available in the "Truman" Show" catalogue.  Operators are standing by.
All products carefully chosen and tested by you for quality and aesthetic value.
No, of course not.  And since the show runs 24 hours a day with no commercial breaks the staggering profits are all generated from product placement.
And the show now generates a yearly income equivalent to the gross national product of a small country.
Who knew that a show originally meant to last one year - "Bringing Up Baby" - would turn into a "cradle to grave" concept.  He is in fact the first child in the world to be legally adopted by a corporation.
Of course, his eagerness to leave his mother's womb also meant he was the one selected.
We should remind viewers that Truman, especially as a child, presented a challenge for the production.
Istanbul, Turkey, you're on with master videographer, Christof.
Of course, Truman has always been very much in on casting.
Are we talking Emmies?
Let's go to some of those viewers' calls.
But how do you account for the popularity of those eight hours a day when Truman sleeps?
A window onto the human condition?
But recent events have been so dramatic, it does raise the perennial question. What keeps us watching this one man twenty-four hours a day - eating, sleeping, working, sitting for hours in contemplation?
Let's talk ratings.  "Truman" has always enjoyed top ten status but the huge surge over the last few days--how do you hope to sustain that audience now that Truman appears to have reconciled himself?
Of course.
How <i>do</i> you intend to explain his twenty- two year absence?
I understand he's hardly had a life of his own since he left the show.  How did you convince him--was it the opportunity to be close to Truman again?
--and certainly the first time that an intruder has been rewarded with a starring role.  I really must congratulate you on writing Kirk back in.  A master stroke.
Of course, there hasn't been anything to compare with this - the first time an intruder has been a former cast member--
The catalyst for the recent dramatic events was of course Truman's father, Kirk, and his infiltration onto the show. Before we discuss that, it's worth reminding viewers that this isn't the first time someone from the outside world has tried to reach Truman.
Welcome.
