Good morning.
Good.
But can't you give me any idea?
Dr. MacFarlane said I should pay you --
Mr. Gray?
I'm Donald Fettes.
Even so, I could never think of going on -- I've got to find some other profession.
It's not the failure. I feel that MacFarlane has taught me nothing. He taught me the mathematics of anatomy but he couldn't teach me the poetry of medicine.
Good morning, Mrs. Marsh.
Ma'am, is you'll allow me, I'd like to give you cause for courage -- Dr. MacFarlane is a great man -- I think he's the greatest man in medicine.  God would not have given him such gifts if they were not meant for Georgina's cure.
Yes.
Of course I will.
I didn't mean it that way.  I meant only that I am not in a position to ask favors.
I don't know that I can do that, Mrs. Marsh.
I'm only a student.
You asked to see me, ma'am?
At Pennycuik.  I know the inn.  I can be there in an hour.
But I must tell him -- he must know of it. Please -- tell me where he is.
Where can I find him?
I've heard of it.
MacFarlane
Aye.
I heard my parents speak of it in Thrums. It was a famous case.
But that's long since.  Gray can't threaten him with that.
But Gray's only a cab driver -- a Resurrection Man who robs graves to make a bit of money now and again.
You're over-excited, Mistress Cameron.
He's a great doctor -- a great man --
I can't do that -- you heard MacFarlane.
It was a woman when we put her in.
Where shall we put it? In the back?
No.
You couldn't do that, Doctor.
You've no thought of going there?
They'll be thinking of that, too.
A burial party -- poor people -- it's hard to bury a loved one on a rainy day when the churchyard is so cold and lonely.
What?
The little girl -- she couldn't walk far -- the muscles are too weak -- but she did stand and she took a step or two.
I'll have no more to do with it. I'll not put my neck into the noose, not even for your sake, Dr. MacFarlane.
No.
But she must want to stand.  She must want to walk.
I suppose one must pass through this purgatory to the heaven of being a good doctor.
Dr. MacFarlane, I wonder if you know what happiness you've brought those people.
I've just been to see Mrs. Marsh. Georgina is doing splendidly.  The incision has healed -- clean and fine -- but she doesn't seem to have any desire to walk.
I just saw Gray.  What was he laughing at?
She's unconscious.
Wait, Doctor -- wait!  The child's fainting.
But, I didn't ask him to kill.
I can't believe that.
Grave robbing is one thing -- this is murder.
I am sure.  I mean to report it. It's like Burke and Hare all over again.
Gray killed her.
This girl was beautiful -- a wild lassie from the Highlands.
Yes, I suppose so.
Wilmont used up the last spinal section.
But you did promise.
But I -- well, you see, sir, I met Mrs. Marsh and told her.
It was about last night I wanted to talk to you -- about the operation on the little Marsh girl.
She came again today.  She wanted me to ask you if you would not break your rule and operate.  She feels you are her only hope.
Dr. MacFarlane -- you remember the lady who came to see you yesterday -- the lady with the little girl?
But this woman -- and her son --
Not if I have to be party to things like that, Dr. MacFarlane.
I saw the woman whose son's body was delivered last night.
I don't think I can go on, sir.
From the Municipal Council -- they're the bodies of paupers --
But Richardson?
I thought only the best students were made assistants.
I'm afraid I have to, sir.  You see, my father is vicar at Thrums -- it's a small parish -- not much of a living --
I'm afraid I'll have to give up medicine, Dr. MacFarlane.
Dr. MacFarlane --
But, Doctor, I only wanted to speak to you --
Excuse me, Dr. MacFarlane --
You'll not need that again, Georgina.
I am not at the school anymore. I left last night.
Don't you want to find the white horse, Georgina?  You can't find him from a wheelchair.  You have to walk and run to find him.
But you'll have to stand great pain, Georgina.  Greater pain than you ever dreamed of in the worst time of your sickness.  Do you want it that much?
Aye, but I still wonder how much.
One shouldn't get used to the wrong things, Georgina.  You want to walk and run and play.
Maybe there's another reason. Maybe you haven't friends enough. Could that be it, Georgina?
Why do you want the white horse to bid you "good-day"?
An old acquaintance, eh?
Hear him?
Why, yes.
Not yet.
A student.  I'm studying under Dr. MacFarlane -- that is, I've been studying until today --
I'm by way of being a medical myself.
Not much danger here, ma'am, I wouldn't think -- right here in the heart of Edinburgh.
Your son, ma'am?  He must have been a fine boy for the wee dog to love him so.
