Oh, you'll have ample opportunity -- ample --  Good morning, Dr. Fettes.
There, Master Fettes.  Sooner than we had expected.  A stoke of luck one might say.
How could I?  I will do my best. After all, you see, I am financially interested.
I fear he may have to.
Of course -- it's the soul of the business -- the pay --
That's right.  Gray, the cabman. I've had a bit of dealing with MacFarlane in the past, you know.
I'm very pleased to know you, Master Fettes.
No -- a pride to know that I can force you to my will. I'm a small man -- a humble man -- and being poor, I've had to do much that I did not want to do. But so long as the great Dr. MacFarlane jumps at my whistle, that long am I a man -- and if I have not that, I have nothing. Then I am only a cabman and a grave-robber.
Because it would be a hurt to me to see you no more, Toddy. You're a pleasure to me.
But then I wouldn't have the fun of having you come here and beg again, Toddy.
It wouldn't be half so much fun for me. Toddy, as to have you come here and beg --
Would you bribe me to leave you be?
I have other means of sustenance.
Another little drop'll never do you any harm.
Have another glass of something good, Toddy.
Surely you are not threatening an old friend, Toddy.
So, Toddy, you've made me a disease, eh?
Wait, Toddy. That's not hospitable. I want to discuss business.
This is a gift you'll not return.
This is a gift.
I brought you something tonight, MacFarlane -- an interesting specimen -- in very good condition.
Would you grudge me a glass with my old crony, Meg?
I have no wish for a rope cravat. I've never liked the smell of hemp, so I'll bid you good night, Doctor MacFarlane.
Aye, Toddy, there is something in what you say.
I'll tell you what, Toddy. It's because I ran down the streets with the mud and the stones around my ears and the mob yelling for my blood. It's because you were afraid to face it -- and you're still afraid.
Here, have another glass, MacFarlane. I'll take you home and we'll be friends again -- now that you know that you're Knox's man and my friend -- aye, forever.
You don't know and you'll never know or understand, Toddy. Not from me or from Knox would you learn those things. Look --
But what makes a thought start?
Did he tell you how thoughts come and how they go and why things are remembered and forgot?
Like Knox taught you? Like I taught you? In cellars and graveyards? Did Knox teach you what makes the blood flow?
And you're a fool, Toddy -- and no doctor. It's only the dead ones that you know.
You can't build life like you put together blocks, Toddy.
Oh, it's the bit of a girl Fettes was talking about.
I've never had it all explained that way to me by so learned a man.
I've had some experience.
You're uncommon friendly tonight, Toddy. More like the old days.
You know what you want and don't want -- so that's an end of business between us -- but we'll still be friends, Toddy.  I'll be dropping by to see you and Meg once in a while -- for auld lang syne, you know.
Now that wasn't a friendly thing I heard, Toddy.  Not at all friendly.
Hear him?  Did you ever see the lads play knife?
Toddy hates me.
That's a good boy, Toddy.
Maybe there's some private reason between you and me which will make you -- some long lost friend of ours.  Say that you'll do it for me and my friend, Mr. Fettes, here.
Oh, yes, you will.  You'll do it to oblige Fettes and myself.
I'm not concerned about the child, Toddy.  It's you I'm thinking of, I'd like to see you prove that a lot of things I know haven't hurt Toddy MacFarlane any.
Why don't you do it then?
Afraid you are not as good a doctor perhaps as you make out to be.
You're a teacher, eh?  Maybe you're afraid to be a doctor, Toddy.
You will not have it?
Medicine?  That'll keep.  Sit down.
Well, then, Doctor MacFarlane -- although I've known a time, Toddy, when you liked the name.  Aye, and many are dead now who called you by it; rough and wild ones they were, too.  But come Toddy, sit down here with your young friend.
Come, Toddy -- come.  Sit down here with me.
I'll show you how it was done, Joseph. -- I'll show you how they "Burked" them.
"Nor did they handle axe or knife To take away their victim's life -- No sooner done than in a chest They crammed their lately welcome guest."
"A good-day to you Madame Tosspot, and would you like a little glass of something before you take your rest? Come with me to my house and I'll make you my guest. You shall have quarts to drink if you like."  Ah, how he cozened them.
That was Hare's end. Ah, you should have seen him on the streets, when he saw some old beldam deep in drink how he cozened her!
Eighteen persons they killed and sold the bodies to Dr. Knox at ten pounds for a large and eight pounds for a small. That's good business, Joseph.
"The ruffian dogs, the Hellish pair.  The villain Burke, the meager Hare --"
But still you may have heard the peddlers of verse cry out their names on the streets.
You are lately come to Scotland, Joseph?
No digging Joseph. The churchyards are too well guarded. We will "Burke" them,
You and I should work together.
No, Joseph. I'm not angry -- here -- another glass of brandy --I'll wager it's better than the doctor's.
You say you've come here on your own account?  No one knows you are here?
Only Brother.
Now that is very interesting --  Take a chair, Joseph,
You're welcome to my little nest, Joseph -- is it not? That's right -- you have something to say to  me -- something very private.
What did you hear?
I presume you shall.  This won't be my last visit here.
