Hold that lamp up -- I must see her face.
This is not a woman!
No room there. We'll have to set it between us.
Why not? I must have subjects. It's the only way I can teach. It's the only way you can learn. The stupidity of the people the idiocy of their laws will not stop no -- nor will they force me to deal with such reptilian creatures as Gray. We can do our own dirty work -- and we must.
I pass up no opportunities, I've a whole course of lectures in mind for you fellows.  We'll need subjects to demonstrate. Come along.
Did you think Gray was the only one who could handle a mattock and shovel?  I've had some practice in the art.
Tosh!  Fettes!  It's not their grief I'm worrying about -- I'm talking of our own end --
Glencorse -- that's a lonely cemetery, Fettes, not a soul around for miles.
See that, Fettes?
Gray -- I'm rid of him --
I know it -- I know it -- The moment I was rid of him --
What's that you say?
Don't be a fool.  One can't begin and then stop -- and because that entry of the girl's body is in your hand, you'll do as I say. As for me, I'll tend to Gray.
What do you mean, Fettes?
Fettes, the more things are wrong, the more we must act as if everything were right. You must do with Joseph as you did with, the street singer -- complete dissection -- a proper entry in the book --
Confound me, the child's a cripple, of course she wants to walk.  Child, I say to you get up out of that chair and walk.
You can't -- can't!  Stop trying to bribe her with childishness about white horses. Let the child stand and walk -- her spine's all right.  I know it's all right.
That's the way of it, Fettes.  You bring the lassie to me.
That's only our duty, Fettes -- that's the end at which we aim with all this nasty business.
When she's ready you bring her to me -- I'll show her how.
He has his own idea of a joke. Perhaps his horse tickled him in the ribs.
Pulse?
Here is where you must watch closely, gentleman -- closely -- it is the very heart of the matter --
Who would believe that?  And you know, someone else might recognize her.  She was as well known as the Castle Rock.
Believe it or not.  It's best for you to pretend that you do.  After all, it was you who ordered this specimen, received it here, and paid for it.  That makes you a party to murder.
I don't know that -- neither do you.  This subject may have been an epileptic -- thrown a fit -- fallen out of bed -- cracked her skull and killed herself -- there is everything explained -- the bruise on her head --
I wouldn't do that, Fettes.  I wouldn't report it.
We can't be sure of that.
Well --
Every street singer with a cracked voice gives tongue to that one.
Now you run off and see that pretty Mrs. Marsh and explain to her.
You see, it is completely out of the question.
Look here, Fettes.  Not I nor anyone else knows enough about the spinal column and its intricacies to insure success in such an operation.  I would have to study the matter.  Have we any "subjects"?
Really, Fettes, you irk me with your lack of understanding.
You're a man of the world, Fettes, you wouldn't hold me to promise given in drink.
So she told me.  I'm a teacher -- not a practitioner.
I remember her.
I'm sorry for the woman, Fettes. But her son might be alive today had more doctors been given the opportunity to work on more human specimens.  As for me, Fettes, I let no man stop me when I know I'm right -- when I know that I need those lifeless subjects for my student's enlightenment and for my own knowledge.  And if you're a real man and want to be a good doctor, you'll see it as I see it.
And that's why you don't want to be a doctor, Fettes?
What the devil do you mean?  You have your lodgings, a certain stipend -- I thought I had arranged everything for you --
You know how we get the specimens we use for dissection?
Richardson is a fine student.  He's got a glib tongue, but you'll be a better doctor, Fettes.  Come along now --
Well? And are you not a good student?
You're too good a man, Fettes -- I'll not let you quit.  I'll make an assistant of you -- that'll pay your keep and your tuition, too --
You're made for a doctor, young man!
Excuse me.
Come -- it's a chance to try out your bedside manner, Fettes.  Take a look at the child.
Come in, boy -- come in.
A pleasure to torment me?
But why, Gray? Why?
Well then -- I beg you -- I beseech you --
Beg -- beg of you! You crawling graveyard rat!
I would make you rich.
What I was going to say is this -- wouldn't you be more comfortable at Leith in a neat little house?
The Resurrection business? That may end sooner than you think. New laws may come.
You're getting old, Gray, and it's a hard life driving a cab through these wet and windy streets of Edinburgh --
I've drunk enough tonight.
We have never been friends.
I can't understand your hurt to me -- but I must cut you out.
Gray, I must rid myself of you -- you've become a cancer -- a malignant, evil cancer -- rotting my mind.
You are not to set foot in here again, Gray, for business or any other reason. And you're going out now!
Get out of here!
I take no gifts from you.
I've ordered nothing from you.
What are you going here? Have I not told you --
There is much in what I say, Gray, and if you have any regard for your neck you'll leave now and stay away from my house, my school, and from me.
No, I'm not afraid. Tell! Shout it from the housetops!  And remember this -- they hanged Burke -- they mobbed Hare -- but Dr. Knox is living like a gentleman in London.
Why should I be afraid of you? What are you holding over me?
I am a doctor - a good doctor. I could make her walk, but she won't - she won't --
In the brain, I tell you. I know.
The nerve centers -- the brain --
The heart pumps it.
I am a doctor. I teach medicine.
What are you talking about? I am an anatomist. I know the body. I know how it works.
The same. Look here, Gray --
I set those blocks together, patched the muscles. I put the nerves where they should be -- I did it and I did it right -- and she won't walk --
Then you can understand that the backbone is a lot of little blocks and those little blocks are all held together, so that it works like that whip of yours. You know that, don't you?
You know something about the human body, Gray.
Oh, it's you, Gray. Well, come in. Sit down. Have a glass with me.
I suppose we can't prevent that, Gray --  -- for auld lang syne.
That has nothing to do with it. We've decided to do more lecturing and less dissection -- it's better for the students -- that's all there is to it.
Don't call me that confounded name, I tell you.
It might be an interesting case.
No.
I'll not do it, Gray.
You?  Why?  Since when have you become the protector of little children?
I am the best man for the job.
Afraid of what?
I will not have you use that name to me.
Mr. Fettes and I have professional matters to discuss.
Don't call me that confounded name.
Then all my surgery is no good. There's something wrong with the child -- something I don't know -- something I can't define -- can't diagnose.  I can do nothing for her.
But she must be able to move. Everything is in place.
I'm not heartless, Ma'am.  I have every sympathy for you and for the little girl, but if I were to consent to every operation brought to me, I'd have no time for teaching -- and that's a great responsibility upon me, Ma'am -- a great responsibility.
I regret it, Ma'am, but I have the responsibility of training thirty other doctors to attend a thousand children like your own.
Believe me, Madame, if I were only a doctor, I would undertake this operation at once.  But I'm more dominie than doctor -- I've a school to run.
Perhaps -- a delicate operation -- an operation which has never been performed -- but it could be performed.  I'm sure it could be -- I could incise the columna dorsi --
How long ago?
Child seems to take to the lad. What sort of an accident was it, Ma'am?
See here, child, when you have this pain in your back, where is it?
Is her pain sporadic or constant?
Any attacks of pain since?
How long after that was the paralysis complete?
Was the paralysis immediate?
Aye.
He must leave me alone.
Fettes -- where is Fettes?
You can get out.
Nonsense.  You're a fey creature with mad ideas.  But you have a wildness that holds me to you, lass.
You're daft.  What's Gray to me. He's only a man from whom I buy what I need when I need it -- the rest is forgotten.
Did it spoil me, Meg, my lass?
You think it'll spoil the boy, eh? Was I not assistant to Knox?
And why not?  He's a good lad -- bright and able.
