And back with MacFarlane and all that he stands for the next day.
There's no standing between a fool and his folly. If you must babble your news to him he's at the Fisherman's Tryst. It's the inn at Pennycuik. You can use MacFarlane's horse and gig to get there. He'll welcome the ride back.
You don't went to find him. Your news will keep until I tell him.
He's not home.
It's a gift to my people -- and I see MacFarlane and Gray-- the pit yawns for them and the flames -- and I would have you away from them and safe out of the torment.--
Listen to me, Fettes, I'm one part befuddled with drink, one part over-heels in love with MacFarlane, and one part fey. You're a lowlander, Fettes, and you have no way of knowing what we Highlanders call the second sight.
That porter was Gray and the gentleman of consequence who couldn't swallow the shame of it -- who took my last paltry savings to hire Gray --
They did not tell you how that porter cried out in the witness box when the Kings Counselor pressed him hard -- how he cried out that he was shielding a gentleman of consequence.
And did you hear them speak of the porter who testified against Burke?
Gray has no need to threaten. You remember the trial?
If he were only that. The man's evil himself. Some day you'll know him as MacFarlane knows him -- for MacFarlane he was to Knox as you are to him. That brought him close to Gray, he roistered with him and drank with him. Aye, and Gray even brought him to my door and my love. There is all that between them and more -- Burke and Hare and Knox --
I'm cold as ice.
He could have been a great man -- a good man and a fine doctor, but there was always the shame of the old life and the old ways to hold him back -- and always Gray -- Gray to hound him to his death.
Is it a great man whom Gray can order to his bidding? Is it a great man who for very shame dare not acknowledge his own wife so that I must play maidservant for the world's sake and his success?
Save yourself. Master Fettes look at MacFarlane and be warned.
You must leave this house.
You've been with Gray again.
You're not going to Gray.
I'll get him.
Crony indeed!
No great lady will ever take my place?
You may deny the devil, Toddy, but you'll not rid yourself of him by saying the devil is dead.
Aye --
Aye.  He's a good lad.  That's why I ask you, MacFarlane.
