Whether or not you're willing to play Nancy one last time.
The way to stop him is to make another movie.  And I swear to you I'll stay at my computer and keep writing until I finish the script.  But when that time comes...  You're gonna have to make a choice.
Heather, it's just a movie, a dream, really...
But it was you that gave Nancy her strength.  So to get out he has to come through you.  And it's inevitable that he'll hit you at your most vulnerable points...
Dramatically speaking it makes perfect sense.  You played Nancy, after all, the first to humiliate and defeat him.
Interestingly enough, in the dreams there is one person.  A gatekeeper, so to speak.  Someone Freddy's got to get by before he can enter our world.  It's you, Heather.
Well, see, he's gotten used to being Freddy now.  And kinda likes it here in our time and space, too.  So...he's trying to cross over, from film into our reality.
That's not what the dreams say he's doing.
Current version.  For ten years he's been imprisoned as Freddy by the story of Nightmare on Elm Street.  But now that the films have stopped-  The genie's out of the bottle, Heather, that's what the nightmares are about. That's what I'm writing.
Exactly.  The problem comes when the story dies. It happens a lot of different ways, the story gets too familiar, or too watered down by people trying to make it easier to sell, or ti's labeled a threat to society and just plain banned.  However it happens, when the story dies, the evil is set free.
By storytellers, of all things.  Every so often, they imagine a story good enough to catch its essence.  Then it's held prisoner for a while.  In the story.
It can be captured, sometimes.
I think of it as sort of a nightmare in progress.
Killing innocence, one way or the other.
I can tell you what the nightmares are about.  They're about this...entity. Whatever you want to call it.  It's old, very old, and it's taken different forms in different times.  The only thing that stays the same about it is what it lives for.
