Yes, sir.  Don't worry.  We handle this kind of thing all the time.
Did you ever report it to anyone?
Has this ever happened before?
You mean if I stand here and concentrate on the image of Roberto Clemente, Gozer will appear as Roberto Clemente and wipe us out?
Look at the structure of the roof cap.  It looks exactly like the kind of telemetry tracker NASA uses to identify dead pulsars in other galaxies.
What happened??!!!?
I need two new purge valves.  How's the grid around the storage facility holding up?
Set entry grid.
It's working!
God, it's ugly!
Sorry, Buddy!
I just realized something.  We've never had a completely successful test with any of the equipment.
You know, Peter, this could be a past life experience intruding on the present.
The Stay-Puft Marshmallow Man!  He was on all the packages we used to buy when I was a kid.  We used to roast Stay-Puft marshmallows at Camp Waconda!
Look!
I couldn't help it!  It just popped in there!
Forget the trapping!  Just blast him!
As a duly-constituted representative of the City of New York, and on behalf of the County and State of New York, the United States of America, the Planet Earth and all its inhabitants, I hereby order you to cease and desist any and all supernatural activity and return at once to your place of origin or next parallel dimension.
I don't think it's Shandor.
He's listed on the blueprints as I. Shandor.
No!  Nobody ever built them like this!  The architect was either an authentic whacko or a certified genius.  The whole building is like a huge antenna for pulling in and concentrating psychokinetic energy.
It's not good, Pete.
Boy, that was a rough one.
I don't know.  I'm just guessing.
Don't move.  It won't hurt you.
Sit tight.  I'm on my way.
Where are you, Pete?
All right.  Let's cool the negative vibes. These things can sense them.
I'm getting high readings near the air vents.  It must be using the duct system to get around.  See, I told you we'd get something.
No sense worrying about it now.
They will.
How was your date?
Why don't I check out the building?  It may have a history of psychic turbulence.
Fourteen hundred.
Everybody can relax.  I found the car.  How do you like it?
Wow!  Does this pole still work?
But most people are afraid to even report these things.
But at nineteen percent interest!  You didn't even bargain with the guy.
My parents left me that house, I was born there.
For what purpose?
Do you know what a patent clerk makes?  I liked the University.  They gave us money, they gave us the facilities and we didn't have to produce anything!  I've worked in the private sector.  They expect results. You've never been out of college.  You don't know what it's like out there.
This is like a major disgrace.  Forget M.I.T. or Stanford now ... they wouldn't touch us with a three-meter cattle prod.
You said you floored 'em at the Regents' meeting.
If anyone deserves it, it's Spengler and me. We're doing all the hard research and designing the equipment.
I guess I got a little overexcited.  Wasn't it incredible!  I'm telling you, this is a first.  You know what this could mean to the University?
Okay.  Okay.  I got it.  I know what to do. Stay close.  I have a plan.
Anything!  Just make contact.
I don't know.  Talk to it.
I told you it's real.
What is it?
Well, I was at an unexplained multiple high-altitude rockfall once.
What do you mean by "seen?"
Spengler and I have charted every psychic occurrence in the Tri-State area for the past two years.  The graph we came up with definitely points to something big.
No, this one's for real, Peter.  Spengler went down there and took some PKE readings. Right off the top of the scale.  Buried the needle.  We're close this time. I can feel it.
Peter, at 1:40 this afternoon at the main branch of the New York Public Library on Fifth Avenue, ten people witnessed a free-roaming, vaporous, full-torso apparition.  It blew books from shelves at twenty feet away.  Scared the socks off some poor librarian.
What do you mean "choose?"  We don't understand.
LATER, MAN!!
You don't have to worry about that with us, sir.
Every ancient religion had its own myth about the end of the world.
Judgement Day ...
And the seas would boil ...
The whole roof cap was fabricated with a magnesium-tungsten alloy.
No.  But I liked Jesus' style.
Boy!  Solid cores of shielded Selenium .325.
Mmmhmmm.
Uh ... Oh these are blueprints of the structural ironwork in Dana Barrett's apartment building ... And they're most unusual.
Very impressive resume.  Electronic countermeasures, Strategic Air Command ... Black belt in Karate ... Small arms expert ... Mr. Zeddemore, as you may have heard, we locate ghosts and spirits, trap them with streams of concentrated quantum energy and remove them from people's homes, offices and places of worship.
