I hope it will, yes.  I'm sorry.
Yes.
I'm trying to be delicate with you, but you're not understanding me. It's not just because of Carl, or my music, but because of you...  I mean, what would it come to? If a person has no love for himself, no respect, no love for his work, his family, his friends, something... How can he ask for love in return? I mean, why should he ask for it?
No. It's useless, Robert. It wouldn't work, not ever...
Please, I'll see you later this evening.
I'm sorry everything's been so confusing, but I have to go, Robert...
What?! I can't hear you!
I can't do that. I haven't been being fair to Carl. I have to tell you that.
No, I can't...
No, you don't have to, it isn't necessary...
I'll be back later...
I'm going to pick up some friends of Carl's. Are you all right?
I could spend some time with you tomorrow morning, before Carl comes back, I mean, if you'd like to.
Robert?
Do you think you could discreetly move across the hall now?
Yes.
Carl restored my confidence. He really did. He's much more substantial than you give him credit for.
As a matter of fact, he's the one who introduced me to Carl...  How are you?
Something witty and devastating like that.
I married him when I was 17. He was a cellist, and I thought he was the most brilliant man I'd ever met... And I'm sure he was, because at that age, I hadn't met that many... But he was insidious, you know. He had me convinced that I was a mediocrity, musically, as a woman, as an intellect. But in this completely imperceptible, pleasant way, so that you weren't even sure he was doing it. Anyway, I just woke up one morning and I said, you know something Joseph, you're full of beans, and I left him...
I don't believe vou.
No inner feeling.
No, don't do that...
Yes, that's what's important to me...
I'd like you to leave now. Is that direct enough?
I don't find your language that charming.
I'm not faking anything. I'm looking for some bath oil...
I'm not conscious of having given you any meaningful looks. And as for the day after tomorrow, this is the day after tomorrow, and I am, unfortunately, seeing you... Now if you'll excuse me, I'd like to take a bath.
I don't think that's accurate...
Look... You made a very calculated move, and then made me feel embarrassed for responding to you. That wasn't necessary.
I think it's what you think.
No, you're very good at it. I'm really impressed.
At being a fake.
Well, at least you're accomplished at something...
Then I must have been supplying it.
You had no inner feeling?
It doesn't matter. It was the feeling I was affected by.
Why?
Is that funny?
I was really very moved by the way you...
That was beautiful, Robert. I'm surprised...
You don't call that music, though.
I mean, how could you not play anymore? That's so strange to me...
One thing that's hard to understand is how you could have this incredible background in music, and then just walk away from it, without a second thought...
If you're free.
Carl has hydrotherapy on Tuesdays.
Tomorrow's a full practice day...  But the day after is kind of open.
After that, I plan to read some music and rest for awhile.
Right now I'm going to run a hot tub and soak myself.
I don't know. Let me give it some thought.
Nothing? Then it must be very boring for you here.
Well, there's fishing and boating. There's concerts on the mainland and... but I feel silly telling you. This is really your home. You probably know better than I what there is to do.
Why?
I love to swim, and I don't mind the cold at all. It's invigorating.
Swimming?
Yes, intentionally.
Hello...
And you no longer play at all?
What have you been doing since then?
You haven't dampened my spirit, Samia... Excuse me.
I think these cold, "objective" discussions are aggressive, Samia...
No, I wouldn't.
And what about love?
