No, but it was very clever... I would of just punched her out.
Fantastic! That you could figure all that out, and lay that down on her, to come up with a way you could get your toast.
Hey, mack!
It's just filthy. People are dirty. I think that's the biggest thing that's wrong with people. I think they wouldn't be as violent if they were clean, because then they wouldn't have anybody to pick on... Oofh... Dirt...
Who? People, that's who! Pretty soon there won't be room for anyone. They're selling more crap that people go and buy than you can imagine. Oofh! Crap! I believe everybody should have a big hole where they throw in all this stuff and burn it.
I had to leave this place. I got depressed, seeing all the crap. And the thing is, they're making more crap, you know? They've got so many stores and stuff and junk full of crap, I can't believe it.
I saw a picture of it. Alaska is very clean. It appeared to look very white to me... Don't you think?
You don't have to tell everybody about it. Pretty soon they'll all go there and it won't be so clean.
Alaska.
We'll get off in Washington and hook another ride.
How far are you going to?
Palm Apodaca.
Seven hundred dollars, down the toilet! I'd like to go back and punch the son of a bitch out! Can you give us a lift?
Look at my car! Piece of shit! I just bought it brand new from a used-car lot, and the steering goes to the pot on me!
Hold onto this.
I wouldn't be a waitress. They're nasty and full of crap.
Don't call me "honey," mack.
Bullshit! Truck drivers know the best eating places on the road.
Hey, follow that truck. They know the best places to stop.
Not dirt. See, dirt isn't bad. It's filth. Filth is bad. That's what starts maggots and riots...
A dispose-all, what's that but more crap? I've never seen such crap. Oofh, I don't know how people get up in the morning.
Come on, Terry, we got a ride!
Right, steam. A car you could ride around in and not cause a stink. But do you know, they will not even let us have it. Can you believe it? Why?! Man! He likes to create a stink. I wrote them a note once, and told them to clean it... I mean, don't you see that? It's just filthy! I mean, I've seen filth you wouldn't believe! Oofh, what a stink! I don't even want to talk about it...
And you know, I read where they invented this car that runs on... that runs on... when you boil water...
And they picked up! I mean, it wouldn't be filthy, with Coke bottles and whiskey, and those signs everywhere...
In my personal thing, I don't see that. I'm seeing more filth. A lot of filth. What they need to do every day, no, once in a while, is a cockroach thing, where they spray the homes. And uh... can you imagine, if their doors were painted a pretty color, and they had a pot outside, with...
Well, you're not that bad, but some people... I mean, people's homes, just filth. I've been in people's homes...
What do you mean "mass"... I have to come out and tell you, you're not that clean, either.
