Sure you don't want anything?
You got any change?
I'm gonna go in that cafe an' get some coffee. You want anything?
Wait a sec. I want Tita to take a picture of you an' me in front of the place...
Bobby...
It's all right. He don't mean anything by that.
Oh, am I holdin' up dessert?
What?
This certainly is an improvement on the motel an' the coffee shop.  How could you have left such a beautiful place, Bobby?
Okay...
It brings out my eyes...
Or maybe sit out by the pool an' get myself nice an' tan for you. Would you like that?
Bobby, don't talk like that...
So how long am I supposed to sit an' twiddle my thumbs in this place?
Why can't I go out to your folks' house? Give me one good reason.
'Cause if it was me, I could just catch a Greyhound back.
Well, is that a happy face I see?
You're depressed that I come along.
I 'magine it's me then, id'n it?
Are you depressed about your daddy, honey?
Just one minute, you! Don't you ever talk to me like that!
I'll tell you...  ... l-a-t-e-r.
"Every trail that you blaze/Makes me..."
"You'll be burned out/Or smoked out/An' come back to me, I know..."
You like it?
You'll be gone, period.
Do you love me, Bobby?
If you really want a get up an' leave me, you can read about it in the newsprint.
You're goin' a find me dead one time.
You go slippin' around in front a my face, an' in front a Elton an' Stoney. What do you imagine they think a someone you treat that way...
You treat me like I was.
I'm not some piece a crap.
You're the pathetic one, not me.
I hope they do.
Yes.
I'm not.
That was damn good, wad'n it? I finally did it...
I did, didn' I, El?
I can't help it, honey, the ball just keeps goin' cocky wobbly on me...
Is it my turn again?
I'm tryin', baby, so don't start gettin' mad now.
You know what, you are never satisfied.
I'll go out with you, or I'll stay here, and do anything you'd like for me to do... if you'll just do one thing. If you'll tell me that you love me.
Out where?
No, dammit, I would easy.
Serveza yourself!
Sugar, you know how I feel about you, don't you? I'm just tryin' to get you to take an interest in my kind a things, an' what I'm tryin' to do with myself...  You know, there id'n anything in the world I wouldn't do for you, baby. I started livin' the day I found you, you know that?
How 'bout if I just cut off your damn water?
Well, lemme sing the one I picked an' see what you think...  "When there's a fire in your heart/Break the glass/Sound the alarm..."
Now quit, Bobby. You said you're goin' a help me pick a song.
Well, lemme play the other side then.
Oh, uh huh. I had a little kittycat once, that Bobby give me...
What kind of doggy is that?
I do eat slow as a bird, whereas Bobby can put it away like a speed swing...  Is there any ketchup around?
Well, thank you, that's a very nice thing for you to say.
Well, I was goin' to, but Bobby said he hadda kind of feel things up here first, which I can understand, but then it went an' took so long, I ran flat outa money...  I didn't have no number to call, you know.  So I hadda clear outa there an' come on up here, in the hopes that I wouldn't be intrudin' myself...
For two whole weeks, an' there wasn't hardly nobody there to talk to but me. The manager of the place told me it was the off season, an' it must a ben, because other'n me, there was just this 25-year-old kid, DeLyon, that didn't appear to be all there, an' this old married pair next to me that was always hollerin' for quiet. Can you imagine? All you could a heard there was a pin, an' them, hollerin' away...
You better hold onto your tongue!
Don't call me "mack," honey.
Salesmen and cops are the ones. If you'd ever waitressed, honey, you'd know.
That's an old maid's tale.
Well...
There'd never be a hole big enough. Now took at me, for instance, when I was just one person, before Bobby, I had so much garbage collectin' onto me every day, I was thinkin' about gettin a dispose all...
Jesus, what a rude person...
Well, she was.
The TV. There's some good things on it, sometimes.
There's some good things on it, though.
