If I don't move, I can't shoot it.
It's... behind... us.
Why?
Do you think the rex might have the infant with it?
The radio rig is inside.  It runs directly from the geothermal generator, so power shouldn't be a problem.
Operations building.  Far end of the street.
What is that?
The velociraptors.
What in Christ's name is going on?!
We've got to transport it seven thousand miles.  Would you prefer it bit off the leg of a crew member?
Had to.  To keep him still for the trip.
I hadn't planned on bringing carnivores back because of the liability risk, but I only thought of adults, it never occurred to me --  You are a billion dollar idea, my little f-
You're kidding yourself.  An adult T-rex cares about one thing -- filling its own belly.  It acts the way people wish they could, that's why everyone's fascinated by it.  If people had the chance to see one dinosaur and one only, ninety-nine percent would --
Killing lessons?  Heartwarming.
You rally think this'll draw the parent?
Why not just use a scope and a poison dart and snipe him from a hill?
How close do you have to be?
What kind of gun is that?
Where do you think you're going?!
Okay.
You heard his, Dieter.  Find a new spot.  And remember, we're after herbivores only -- no unnecessary risks.
What?  Why?
Piss.
InGen is my livelihood, Dr. Malcolm, and I will jealously defend its interests.  People will know what I want them to know when I want them to know it.
We made a generous compensatory offer for your injuries.
You version of it.
If your university felt you were causing it embarrassment by selling wild stories to Hard Copy, I hardly see how I am to--
You signed a non-disclosure agreement before you went to the island that expressly forbade you from discussing anything you saw.  You violated that agreement.
So, you two were just, uh, telling old campfire stories, were you?
I lost everything I came after on this trip, but one T-rex in one theme park could single-handedly bail InGen out of Chapter 11.
You know how to work a radio, don't you?
Don't ask me.  The guy's completely out to lunch.
Their what?
Trespassing, sabotage -- you could go to jail just for being here, did you know that?
