You hear something?
If the nest is upwind, so are we. When he comes back, he'll know we're here before we have a chance.  The truck --
It certainly does.
Ajay.  Go on up to my ranch, take a look around the trophy room, and tell me what kind of quarry you think could possibly be of any interest to me.
Sorry.  We were saying?
A true hunter doesn't mind if the animal wins.  If it escapes.  But there weren't enough escapes from you and me, Ajay.  I've decided to spend a bit less time in the company of death.  Maybe I just feel too close to it my--
Just a little bit too much, I think.
Well, I'm a very well-funded old son of a bitch.  You go.
Last time I plugged it in, I suppose. Why?
That cheap aftershave I send you every Christmas, you actually wear it.  I'm touched.  Sit down, sit down, what brings you to Mombassa?
Let it go, Peter.  The animal won.
It's just fed.  It won't attack unless it's threatened.  Don't move.
We took to the rock.
Possible.
Good.
Where's the power and radio setup?
Piss.
What is?
Isn't it obvious?
You've broken its leg!
What?
Rex won't be any different.  It'll come.
I once saw a bull elephant die charging a jeep.  All the jeep had done was startle the bull's calves. I saw a lioness carry wounded prey four and a half miles, all the way back to its den, just to teach its cubs how to finish off a kill.
Forty yards.  Less, maybe.  I assume it'll take a slug in the brain case to bring him down.
My father's .600 Nitro Express.  Made in 1904.  Karimojo Bell gave it to him after he took down his last elephant.  8700 foot pound striking force.
To collect my fee.
Good lad.
Peter, if you want me to run your little camping trip, there are two conditions.  First -- I'm in charge, and when I'm not around, Dieter is.  Your job is to sign the checks, tell us we're doing a good job, and open your case of scotch when we have a good day.  Second condition -- my fee.  You can keep it.  All I want in exchange for my services is the right to hunt one of the tyrannosaurs.  A male.  Buck only.  Why and how are my business. If you don't  like either of those conditions, you're on your own.  Go ahead and set up your camp right here, or in a swamp, or in the middle of a rex nest, for all I care.  But I've been on too many safaris with rich dentists to listen to any more suicidal ideas.  Okay?
Carnivores hunt near stream beds.  Do you want to set up base camp or an all-you-can-eat people bar?
Cancel that, Dieter.
Now's the perfect time.  The animal just fed, so it won't stalk us for food.  Predators don't hurt when they're not hungry.
Don't let it out of your hands again.  Can the kid walk?
How many rounds did you find for that weapon?
You remember that guy, about twenty years ago, I forget his name, but he climbed Everest without any oxygen, came down almost dead.  And they asked him, "why did you go up there to die?"  And he said "I didn't.  I went up there to live."
Somewhere on this island, there exits the greatest predator that ever lived.  And the second greatest predator must take him down.
So the truth is more important to you than your life?
It'll still exit if they go on not knowing, won't it?
Why should they?
Why did you come here?
Feeling a bit blue, are we?
What's that?
Look, we have two choices.  We can hike back down to the lagoon, where we can sit for two days, in the open, next to a heavily used water source while we're waiting for your boat to arrive, or we can head for the village, where we might find some shelter and we can call for help.
Runs against my nature to hole up in a cave and wait.
Can the kid walk?
You go if you like, but we're not waiting for you.  MOVE IT OUT!!
If we can't stay in the rex's territory, we have to move tonight.
None of that matters.  Our communications equipment's been destroyed.  If your radio and satellite phone were in those trailers that went off the cliff, and I'm guessing by the look on his face --
