We've got to see one to find out. Is there any --
Why wouldn't they?  Look at hyenas, jackals, nearly all species of predator birds --
And let's forget about the high hide. We can't do this kind of work up in a tower, we need to be out in the field, as close to the animals as possible.
Ian, you're not insane!  I'm so glad!
Not without a shot of the nest.
That was a pair bond!  A family group, even, long after that infant was nestbound!
You're going too?
What?
Oh, God.
Don't start a legal argument with me, this island isn't your property, and neither are these animals!
These formations.  They're dried --
Ian.  It's guano.
Ian, they will misplace our evidence, shoot holes in our testimony, and say some special effects genius created the animals.  The only way people will ever believe that dinosaurs exist is if you dump a T-rex in the middle of times Square.
You know, even if we do get those tapes back, people are going to say it's just another hoax.  Ian Malcolm's alien autopsy.
What?!
They will come after me.  But I can collect some stool samples, for DNA with that, Nick's tapes, and the rest of you to back me up, it should stand when we get back.
I swear to God, it works with lions sometimes!  There we are -- your baby is free --
Born free, as free as the wind blows. As free as the grass grows --
That's impossible, they can't have the sensory equipment to track it all the way here!
It has to be temporary, something that'll break apart and fall off as the animal grows...
Funded by whom?
Lighten up, Ian, you sound like a high school vice-principal.
What do you want to do, Ian, lock her up for curiosity?  Where do you think she gets it?
No more smoking.  We leave no scent of any kind.  No hair tonics, no cologne, seal all our food in plastic bags.  We will observe and document, but we will not interact.
Where's Ian?
WHAT ARE YOU-
No.
Hold it down, Nick!
We'll kill it with too much, we'll put it into respiratory arrest!  I'm almost done.  Damn it, I need another adhesive, something pliable I can --
That little black line means death for this infant.  The fibula won't heal straight, so the ankle joint can't pivot when he stands on his hind feet.  The baby won't be able to run, and probably can't even walk. It'll be crippled, and a predator will pick it off before it gets more than a few weeks old.
Ian, nothing we observe will be valid if we're trailing along in the wake of an army.
Ian, if we recall the boat now, we've made two invasive landings in one day.  That'll have to go in any paper I write, and it will leave room for people to say our findings were contaminated.  You know the academic world as well as I do, once they smell blood in the water, you're dead.  Our presence has got to be one hundred percent antiseptic.  That means if we bend a blade of grass, we bend it right back the way it-
-- way we could safely --
I believe in him.
Ian's a very good friend of mine.
You think this is all a joke?
Very noble of you.  You don't think you're bringing that thing onto the island, do you?
That must be interesting.  What drew you there?
So what's your story, Nick?
You've got to be kidding.
Ask her.
We have to send someone to look for him!
Move where?  Our boat's not coming for two days, your airlift is waiting for an order you have no way to send --
Hey, we came here to observe, you came here to strip-mine the place! It's a looter mentality, all you care about is what you can take.
