That's what I said.
Yes, you could. Cut out this rotten business and act like a lady. Marry me.
What goofy idea have you got now? Don't tell me you suspect Judge Ramsey of stealing the body.
Go on, little girl, take your troubles somewhere else. I don't feel like talking to you.
What do you mean -- haywire? You start out after murderers and come back with three-for-a-dime bootleggers. You start to solve murder mysteries and break up crap games. You're grand! I'm for you! Stupendous!
You here again like an evil spirit to mar my happiness?
Almost certain.
That dear, innocent Judge Ramsey that you were so sure got bumped off for knowing too much has been located in South America.
Oh, by the way, another pet theory of yours just blew up.
Come down to earth. Do you think they would dare do anything like that? Don't you think they'd know that figure would be recognized? Shake your head real hard -- you'll be all right.
Work that up into a comic strip and syndicate it.
I used to be married to one.
About the Gale girl, I mean. Where do we go from there? What of it?
We'll grant that.
No kiddin'. What's your idea?
Well, you can't blame a guy for getting a little breathless with a scoop like that.
Now don't that call for an extra!
All right, wise guy. Go ahead. Spill it.
Well, no one would ever suspect it. You don't sound right.
Well, why so mysterious! Come on, spill it.
Hey, Mattie, dig into the morgue and send up all the art you have on Joan Gale.
Come in, Prussic Acid. What's on your mind?
Get out of here.
Sleep on it ... we'll get it tomorrow.
Great! ... If he's worthless we'll give him away as a bridge prize. Come on -- beat it. It's five o'clock. You need some sleep.
Hey, come here, Sob-sister!
You cannot. I'm still editor of this sheet.
Whooey -- he took a run-out powder.
Except that he disappeared when things got too hot.
Oh, you won't -- you were pretty tough about Judge Ramsey -- a little while ago --
You don't think he'd be sap enough to do the job himself. I hope they give him the works. Even if he didn't kill the kid, he's responsible for her death, and they can fry him any time without making me sore.
I'm glad to hear it. When did you go in for crusading in the cause of justice? This lousy mug, with all the money in the world, has had two or three nasty affairs. He's kept out o' print because his great- grandfather was smarter than the Indians.
He's getting a break, ain't he? He's front page.
And ruin a perfectly good story? Don't be silly.
Why the goose pimples? If he wasn't social register -- if it was somebody like me, you'd be trying to hang him.
Well, ain't that a shame. Nice little chappie that wouldn't harm a fly ... everybody picking on the little fellow.
That is none of our business.  But you bring me something for the next edition if it's only a recipe for spaghetti!
All right, what about it? We get out a paper just the same. Did you ever stop to think of that?
I'm through clowning. You're all washed up. Get out!
That you're a sure bet to place in the bread line. There's no room on this rag for the purely ornamental. You're easy on the eyes and pretty conceited about it.
Great. Consider yourself crippled -- financially. See if you can jar your charming friends loose from enough to eat on.
Yeah.  Have a pleasant vacation?
Been doing experiments with Scotch and soda again?
