Well, thank goodness, that's settled.
Yeah, but they leave you plenty.
No? Give me a chance, baby. Money is music in my ears, and when his old man kicks off there'll be a million dollar tune.
I'm hungry. I'll eat the first child I see. And I've an appointment with young Winton at 8:30.
Ouch! Eat? You can do a solo if you don't step on it. I'm going to bow out on you.
I can't convince the inner woman that we can wait. She's howling for a bit of ground beef before we drop in on Santa Claus and the other dummies. I've only had a cup of coffee since last night.
I'll have it for supper.  So long.
Then marry Ralph ... you'll be the happiest couple in the world.
He can look like a chimpanzee and act like an igorot but he must have dough -- plenty of dough.
All right, you raise the kids -- I'll raise the roof. I'd rather die with an athletic heart from shaking cocktails and bankers, than expire in a pan of dirty dish water.
I've been in love so many times my heart is calloused ... but I've never hit one with dough. This love-in-an-attic isn't my idea of a way to spend a pleasant afternoon.
I don't have any affairs. What do you mean?
In the can.  The hoosegow! Mrs. Winton's little boy. The Pawk Avenue Wintons, you know ... and plenty of do-re-mi.  He's in the jail-house now ...
I met one last night ... all the money this side of Peoria.
I just had a picture of you telling a landlady some day that you didn't have the rent, but Ralph is awful sweet.
I wondered. Did he invite you to lunch, or did you invite him?
Nothing doing. This is my percentage. You birds are going to get yours. And anyhow, I found this dump.
I don't know what he was, but he made Frankenstein look like a lily!
Not a very good one, I guess. He wasn't like anything human. He hobbled and swayed like a monkey, and the face, from the glimpse I got of it in the light from the street, was like an African war mask.
How quaint. But I can go any place you can.
Whatever you are, you're the only one of it.
Listen, copper, get a load of this. While you're chinning yourself on a bar rail, I run down this story ... my story. Consider yourself my assistant.
Don't take my word for it. Get down there yourself and give a look.
I'm not kidding. Joan Gale's body is packed in the box in the basement, and I saw the most horrible thing down there.
The body of Joan Gale!
I'm going to get even with you, you dirty stiff! I'll do it!
Listen, stupid, could I do anything that would possibly meet with your approval?
I'm going to make you eat dirt, you soap bubble! I'm going to make you beg for somebody to help you let go!
Was there any art on Judge Ramsey?
Say, you're always razzing everything I do, but this is one time I'm in.
This one's a story, but I'm not going to tell you what it is. Every time I tell you anything it goes haywire.
Mit me, kid. I've got a classic.
Almost! I'll still bet I'm right, and let you write your own ticket.
No kiddin'?
What do you mean?
All right, Master Mind.  But there's something cockeyed about that joint and I'm going to find out what it is.
Let it go.
And it came to life and divorced you. I know all about that. Now my idea is this: Somebody swipes the girl's body, takes impression, makes a mold, produces wax figure ... Bingo! ... Peddles it to this old skate down there!
Listen, Jo-jo. Does this mean anything to you? Joan Gale's body swiped from the morgue -- Did you ever hear of such a thing as a death mask?
What!
Just this -- I got a look at that dump a little while ago and if they haven't got a wax figure of Joan Gale in that line-up, then I'm crazy.
All right, you poor baboon, you can guess the rest of it!
I asked you to keep your trap shut!
Jim, there's a little hokey-pokey wax museum opening up down on 14th Street.
Listen, Jim -- and if you wisecrack while I'm talking I'll crown you with the inkwell.
I am right! I know I'm right!
So you can give me an argument and tell me I'm wrong. Don't be sil, Kid.
I want to see the original pictures of Joan Gale.
Which one is me? The horse?
No, there's another point I want to iron out.
On the square, Jimmy, if you'd seen Winton down there -- I'm not holding a brief for him -- maybe he's a dirty pup, but he's scared and hysterical -- and so kinda dumb and worthless ...
Nope, I'm through!
All right, you said I was fired. Well, I quit! Give the assignment to somebody else.
Well, that's got nothing to do with this case. Can I handle this my way?
Or was bumped off by someone who was afraid of him.
And they never proved anything against him.
Well, I won't work on it from that angle.
Well, anyway, he couldn't have copped that body -- he was in jail.
You give me a pain!
No, I mean it. I think this kid's entitled to a break.
I wouldn't be trying, beloved. I would hang him! And another thing, all this gaga about the body disappearing. Eight bodies have been stolen in New York within the last eighteen months. Doesn't it seem more reasonable to hook this up from that angle?
If this kid was some unknown soda jerker, they wouldn't have pinched him. But he's George Winton and they're playing him up. It's a Roman holiday for every paper hat editor in New York.
Quick, Watson, the cookbook!
And how does one go about getting these human documents, may I inquire?
Well, is it my fault if nothing happens?
What do you mean, you poor ham! This is New Year's!
Meaning what?
Charming. More delightful people crippled.
Where did you get the news item?  From a little bird?
As I live and breathe and wear spats ... the prince.
Thanks.
Don't give this to anybody else, will you?
Make it snappy, Colonel.
Hotcha! Saved, one job!
What does that prove?
Say, if you're stringin' me, Old-Timer ...
They don't suspect <I>him</I>?
Old Howard Winton's cub?
No foolin' -- any suspect?
Yes, she committed suicide yesterday. That's not news. I heard about it last year.
I've got to make news, if I have to bite a dog.  Hey, Kelly! Oh, mi gosh, even he walked out on me.
I'm people which the old year saw out. I'm canned, fired!
How's every little thing?
Stories scarcer than caviar at a street cleaner's banquet, and he says, bring me a yarn. All I have to do is get a story.
Ain't that something. The mad monk of Manhattan. Here goes nothing.  Listen to the animal cracker roar like a lion.
Plain-clothes man.  Come on, slaves, drink and be merry for tomorrow you might be appointed correspondent to Washington ... a fate worse than death.
He's not a stag hound. His name is Kelly and he's a police dog.
Ralph, come here a minute, will you?
No. I wanted to do it without saying anything. I think he's worth it.
Well, I'll tell you a secret. I kinda like the old gent and I'm trying to build a special Sunday Magazine story out of him. It might help him a whole lot. But that's a side issue -- something I do on my own time.
I'm after news, as usual. I wonder if it would be all right for me to slip in and look around your factory?
Horsefeathers!
Who? Old Santa Claus there? That's easy for anyone with my sex appeal. He's a pushover. Watch me stand that old dodo on his ear.
He might get some publicity out of it.
Don't worry -- she'll get used to it.
Fine, thanks.
Don't ask any questions. Come on!
Well, that being the case, I'll take it up with the board of directors. Hey, listen, aviator, here we are!
How much money have you got?
Oh, is that what caused it?
It doesn't usually take that long, but I'll forgive you -- you were in a tough spot when I met you.
--and so determined to live that I'm going to get out and take a taxi if you don't watch where you're going.
Darned if I don't!
Why?
There she is! You'll find Joan Gale in that box.
I told you what to do. Drive around the corner out of sight of the house. I want to get a closer look at the place.
All right, brother. Then you can go to some nice warm place, and I don't mean California.
What! And let every rag in town grab a red-hot story? Not so you could notice it! Now, look, I want you to drive me around the corner and wait for me.
Not even if it gives you a clean bill of health?
That's what they're going to ask you.
That happens to be the truth.
Hold on, hold on. I'm trying to help you, if you're on the square, and I think you are.
Well, let's get back to the case in hand. They ordered an autopsy and discovered her body had been stolen from the morgue.
You weren't going with her?
I see. Was that all she said?
Uh-huh. Do you remember what she said? What did you talk about?
Hmmm. Why didn't you tell that to the police?
Your dad has stood for plenty. Now let's get down to cases. When did you see the Dale girl last?
That's what I said.
Listen, kid. You're in a tough spot, and you can make it a whole lot easier for yourself if you cut out the cry-baby stuff --
Come on, old man, that won't do. You know you're innocent until proven guilty.
