And I have no desire to hurt you. You will always be beautiful. Think, my child, in a thousand years you will be as lovely as you are now.
We have found immortality, you and I. You must not be afraid.
It is no trouble at all, my child. This is the strange, vicarious pleasure that remains for me -- to see others enjoy the beauty I used to create.  My footing is not too secure.
And he will probably demand the life of anyone who agrees with you. Let him think it was his fault ... He should be along very shortly .. . But be very stern before you forgive him, especially if it is your fault  ...  While you're waiting for your friend, would you like to see some new figures I have downstairs?
Oh, you children, you happy children. You've quarreled and now you're going to be friends again. And that is as it should be. Never let any stupid misunderstandings come between you.
Oh! So, my little friend, you have honored me by accepting my invitation of last night.
They are.  My boy, I think you are right. Everyone is tired out today and now that we have seen my doors open in a new country, I am beginning to realize that I am a little tired myself. You can call that fellow in from the front. I think we'll close for the night.
At any time. You will always be welcome.
Although you would be amused if I were to tell you that I knew you before you were born. Before this terrible thing happened to me ...  ... I made a very beautiful statue. Even if I had not met with this disaster, I could never have hoped to do anything finer, probably nothing quite so fine. And, my child, you are that figure come to life. I wonder, some time, would you pose for one of my sculptors who does very excellent work?
If you will forgive this poor, crippled stump, my dear, I am very happy to know you.
Good night.  And I am very grateful to you.
It will always afford me great pleasure to see you.
You will have won the undying gratitude of us all.  Is that not so, Marie Antoinette?
My partner believes that I should build a horror chamber, immortalizing the hideous crimes and criminals of London. At such times Marie Antoinette has reassured me, she has promised me recognition for the devotion I gave to her.
You are too gracious. These things have some merit, I suspect ... but this--  ... I am convinced, is fine.
You're insane.
And they are welcome to them. To perpetuate such creatures is to celebrate their crimes.
And you think I will permit this, my friend?
You are asking to burn these people ... you are asking? ...
A fire! Is this your idea of humor, my friend?
Fire insurance!
Is that a fact?
Your money may have been well invested, my friend. Something important may come of all this.
That is unfortunate.
Quite so. Quite so.  And you, my little friend, my little Marie Antoinette. It is kind of you to be present.
If you leave before the work is done, you will be gone for a much longer period ... you will be gone for good.
That is unfortunate. They will have to wait.
To lunch, you say. I am having coffee and sandwiches sent in. We are not leaving until we have everything ready for the opening.
If it is freedom to represent people with limbs that don't match -- cripples -- you have achieved your purpose. Anatomy! Heaven forgive you. You must have studied with a sideshow of freaks!
Everything, my friend. And you hope to be a great sculptor --  A great sculptor. Look -- this forearm is at least two inches too long.
And he isn't struck dead! This man, he lives! It would be interesting to know, young man, where and when you studied anatomy.
If my curiosity is not too great, would you mind telling me what manner of animal this is you are designing?
Don't lose sight of him. This is the most important thing in my life.
He can't hear you.
She is the soul of that statue.
You have done well, and now I, too, have something for you. Come.
Yes.
Otto! You and one of those other fellows! Come help Professor Darcey.
Have you got it? Is it completed?
