Did it work?
If anything goes wrong I'll have to think quickly, adjust the signal, who knows?
We'll be well on our way out of there before we shoot that thing off.
Better be. You left me for him.
You still believe in him.
A toast to the end of the world.
Just my luck, no ice.
You can't be seriously considering firing nuclear weapons?
He's not going to listen to me.
I want you to leave with us. Right now.
Fifty six minutes, forty five seconds.
Walk to the window. Right in front of you.
Connie, don't hang up.
It's not paranoia. The embedding is very subtle. It's probably been overlooked...
I've worked with embedded loading. They're communicating with a hidden signal. They're going to attack...
You don't understand. You have to leave Washington.
You have to leave the White House.
Checkmate.
Think. It's like in chess. First you strategically position your pieces. Then, when the timing's right. You strike.
That signal. It's a countdown.
Remember I told you that the signal hidden within our satellite signal is slowly recycling down to extinction.
Just do it!
Tell her to get the kids and leave town.
What're you talking about?
Strange thing is, if my calculations are right it'll be gone in approximately seven hours anyway. The signal reduces itself every time it recycles. Eventually it will disappear. Are you listening?
I've got a lock on the signal pattern. We can filter it out.
Yes, because the analog signal has a definite sequential digital patterns embedded within it. When I find the exact binary sequence and I apply a phase reversed signal to that calculated spectra analyzer I built you last Christmas, we should be able to block out the overlay completely...
No. The good news is I found the problem and it's not our equipment. There's some weird signal embedded within the satellite feed.
You're in meal penalty for disturbing my lunch.
There's good news and bad news.
Let's retrofit the dish to another satellite.
Did you try to switch to transponder channels?
What the hell is this?
It was turned on. I was ignoring you. What's the big emergency?
Thanks, Pops.
A cold? Of course.
Pops, you're a genius!
We've gotta burn the rain forest, Pops. Dump toxic waste, pollute the air, rip up the ozone. Maybe if we screw this planet up enough they won't want it anymore.
I'm making a mess.
Dad, please...
Moishe, please, don't talk.
He wasn't the President then.
Because last time I saw him I punched him in the face.
Yes. I can use he signal to triangulate her exact position in the White House.
Perfect, she's using it.
She didn't take my name when we were married.
College nickname.
I just haven't found it yet. I tried C. Halbrook, Connie Halbrook, Spunky Halbrook...
She always keeps her portable phone listed, for emergencies. Sometimes it's just her first initial, sometime her nickname...
This, pops, is every phone book in America.
Dad...
They don't know this.
Can't this thing go any faster?
That's okay. You're driving.
You still got the Olds?
Pops!
Three years.
Dad, don't start.
You have any idea how long it takes for those things to decompose?
I'm thinking.
Doesn't matter. Game's over.
You as well.
It's not me. They're overriding the system.
Get us out of here!
Must be thousands of them. What are they doing?
What the hell are you doing?
I have a confession to make. I'm not real big on flying.
We'll meet you there.
I'll see how they're doing with the radio transmitter.
