China.  What happened? CHINA Shhh.  It's ok.  I missed you so much.
Ok toots, I will.
Suffer?  We're living in America.
I'm sorry I'm not that good at languages ok?
A little what? CHINA See.  You don't even speak French.
Right. CHINA I need a taking care of,  not `hey how bout a pizza after class babe'.  I'm looking  for something just a little more in a man.  A little `je nes se qua'.
About what?  About us.
We need to talk. CHINA Yeah about what?
Anybody want another drink?
Just give it a break China ok? CHINA Jeez.  Can't even take a joke
Jenkins.  Can I get you some help?
Jenkins!
Uh, not today Jenkins, I need the fresh air
Thank you
Thank you
Thank you Jenkins
Tony and China?
Uh yes, thank you.  It was quite enjoyable.
Uh, wrong picture Tony.
Sarah listen to me.
China
Well.   .this, is Mr. Lincoln.  And that's the man I saw at the waxwork.
If my mother caught me up here she'd kill me.
You don't understand.  I recognized his face now come on.
Listen Sarah, I think I know what's going on ok.  I went to the waxwork today.I met this man.
Ok, so maybe I was a little over emotional.
No, no James, it's not like that.  Tony and China, they're just friends.
Come on.
Like her?  I don't know if I ever liked her.  It's just you want what you can't get.
I'm not kidding.  I want to get out of here - now, ok.
What?  Tony and China, together?
Haven't we been doing our homework.
Must be what we came for. The four stand slowly and enter through the doors, which close behind them.  They begin walking around  the WAXWORKS, which appear gruesome. The first they spy is of a high school student with a letter  jacket on the verge of being hacked with an axe by and angry woodsman.  They give each other looks of  disgust and continue on.  The next is of a Frankenstein-esque creature carrying a woman in its arms.  The  four are now roaming around the WAXWORKS individually, with TONY encountering what appears to be  a tribal INDIAN pointing a knife towards a victim.  MARK walks past a circus cart with some sort of werebeast inside, and then continues on to a staircase exhibit with a dead woman at the base of it.  On the  staircase is a zombie-fied creature.  We see CHINA walking on the other side of a bandage wrapped man  pumping gasoline into a woman's mouth.  Finally, we see TONY walking up to a cottage room display.
Anyone else not coming?
Right.
Guys, if I'm going to play the hero at least give me a little room.
I can't believe she went out with that monster last night
Can this be stopped?
Doing what? SIR WILFRED Tipping the scales.  Ruining that delicate balance between good and evil.  I think  that our Mr. Lincoln has found a very effective way of doing it.  There's a  voodoo belief that by making a wax effigy of an evil being, containing a  belonging of his he possessed in earthly form, and feeding him the soul of a  believing victim, you can bring him back to life!
Sell my soul?
Six six and six
Well?
Well, it's a long story.SIR WILFRED Oh good share.  I love them
No thank you sir we're fine.
Sir Wilfred, this is Sarah Brighton.  This is Sir Wilfred.
But mom, I NEED THE CAFFINE - BADLY
Mom, when are you going to let me have some coffee in the morning?
Oh really?  We're they `us'es' or `them's'?
They're all human beings
Mom.
