Let's get the kids.
Are you the funniest person I know, or what?
Oh.  Do you have any pictures?
You should have brought him.
What is that thing?
So where is young Jonah?
Not for a second.  Cal can have all that.
Never.
I'm glad that's all over for me.
You look so well, Clair.  A wraith.
No you are not.  You're Sally Nash. Listen to me, you're Sally Nash.  You're my best friend and I love you more than anyone, and you're not going to move to London to have the offspring of a sexually ambivalent man-child.  "Oh now I'm a novelist, oh now I'm a director..." English prick bastard Joe Therrian who's probably going to leave you for Skye Davidson anyway.
His image of you is a possessive, fragile neurotic.
Ha!  Not half so not kind as your husband was in his portrayal of you in his novel.
Well, you weren't fine last summer when you went Sylvia Plath on me in Connecticut.
You don't have kids to keep a marriage together, Sally.  It's only five months since Joe came back.
His sister does.  Big time.  And the New York Times says addiction is genetic -- I'll e-mail you the article.
I don't have a drug problem.
Cal knows who he is.  Did you notice how happy Joe was when the drugs came out tonight?
Don't try and change the subject.  Oh God, it feels great!  He's just a little narcissistic, irresponsible and unreliable.
He wants playmates.  Oh he's a sweetheart, Sal, you know I love him. But he's not going to be a good father. He's just not parenting material.
Honey, I'm not worried about you.  You are going to be a fantastic mom.  Not an issue.  I pressed you, remember?  Joe, on the other hand, is a different story.
Well, are you sure about this baby thing? It's not the ticking clock shit, is it?
Oh honey, let's.
Well good.  Thank God.
You are not having your baby in London. You're going to have your baby at Cedars in Beverly Hills, America, delivered by Dr. Milton Cohen.  Period. And you're getting that epidural right away, don't let anyone talk you into any of that Lamase bullshit.  There's no excuse for pain like that.
You'll hate it in London.  It's wet and miserable.  A medical hellhole Sally. It's socialized.  Beds in the corridors. Terrible plumbing.
I trust you.
Well, I don't trust her.  I never have.
So how much do you hate her?
The both of you.
A notch above the storage room.
I thought it was okay where it was.
Hm.
Yes.
Would you like to meet my husband?
I hope they're watercolors!
Hmm.  Where are my kids?
Ah.
And she was saying how happy you were to finally have them over.  Because you're both, so, what - introspective?  And you should have done it ages ago.  I'm Sophia Gold.  Come meet my husband, Cal.
Oh my God!  America told me your neighbors are coming?
Evie has a little something for you.
