Nobody's going to hurt you.
Turn the car around.
What's in the other direction?
Where were you going?
You speak English?  DO YOU SPEAK ENGLISH!?
It's like I said; you don't really know lieutenant John Epps very well, do you?
If I give it to you, will you let us go?
So you can give us away?
Just keep quiet.
You don't know John Epps very well, do you?
That why you tried to put a bullet in my head in the middle of the desert.
Tell me something, Wes.  Are you crazy, greedy, or just stupid?  Jaeger says you're crazy.
Wes--
Wes, we thought you were dead, and we thought we were next.  Hanging around to get killed wouldn't have done anyone any good.
We thought--
What about Jaeger?
Suppose I don't go for that?
And let me guess who is.
Lot of good you were when I was sinking in the sand.
We been down this road.  I told you how it is.  Unless you feel like there's something you want to do about it...
I out rank you, that's why.
No.
It's murder, and I won't be any part of it.
I've got no stomach for murder.
We are not at war!  You and I and Jaeger are AWOL.  We have no authority--
I'm not going to let you kill him.
You're out of your mind.
You don't know that.
You said he was a deserter.
Doesn't matter.  Whatever he wanted he didn't get it.  We've got no need staying around here.  It's light enough.  Let's pack up and head out.
How's he going to want the gold?  He couldn't even know we had it.
Why'd he come in our camp.
Stop it!
What happened?
Get off him!
Get off him.
Then get up and do something about it.
I told you:  When I straighten someone out they stay straightened.  This is how it works:  Nobody touches the gold. Except when we're on the move and someone's carrying it, nobody so much as opens the pack to get an eyeful of it. Agreed?
Maybe I do.
You've had your say, Wes.  Now leave it.
We started this together, and we're staying together, so there's no point in splitting things up now.
What about it?
It'll be too dark to make our way back now.  Let's bed down for the night and head out at first light.
All right.  I'll go up, then you send up the gold and--
I don't think the line will take the weight of a man and the coins.  Wes!?  We'll send the gold up, then me and Jaeger'll climb back.
I heard!
Got to have someone here in case we need help making it back up.  Doesn't hurt to have a look out either.
All right.  Let's break out some utility shovels, lanterns, and a claymore in case we have to do any blasting.  Me and Jaeger'll climb down, and see what we can see.
Move!
So we wait.
I don't know.  There's a lot of space up here.  They could be just about--
Basically.  But the map has been pretty precise so far.  I don't think it'll be too hard to--
Got to be some kind of landmark; something distinctive.
Should be easy going from here.  Stay on the pass straight to the dot.
Let me see the map.
Picks up again just on the other side.
Not much of a pass.
We're not going to find anything standing here.  Let's get to climbing.
All we've got to do is make it to the top.
There's nothing we can do.  We shouldn't even be here in the first place.
I don't want to see people killed any more than you.  But we try to help out we die, and all we do is die.
There's nothing we can do.
All right.  Let's get out of here.
Ready?
You just go when I say go.
Break it out.
We've got rope?
Maybe that's all the Iraqis could afford, okay?  Maybe they got it on discount. Maybe the fuse is messed up.  Or maybe it's going to go off in two seconds, and we won't have to worry about getting Jaeger down off there, all we'll have to worry about is finding the pieces.
I don't know, and I wasn't about to mess with it.
How tough you have to be to make the army?  All you've got to do is shoot a gun, and stop a bullet.
He's not so--
Maybe we are crazy for doing this.  But if we do it, we do it right.  I just needed to explain that in a way I wouldn't have to do it again.
You two fighting's not going to get us anything.
Low on gas.  Got to refill.
They shouldn't have been out this way, that's all I'm saying.
This is miles from the battle lines. They were probably deserters.
They shouldn't have been here.
Wha...
We're going to keep driving.
Why, yes, Jaeger.  I believe it is.
I know you think this is crazy, but a couple of hours from now you're going to be one rich dude trying to buy up every other puzzle box out there.
Yeah!  Welcome to beautiful Iraq.  Land of enchantment and riches.
I'm thinking about when this war is over. Why you figure I'm here?  'Cause I got tired of being president of GM?  If a brother doesn't play ball, or deal drugs there aren't too many big money prospects around, and I'm not particularly interested in spending the rest of my life fighting the oil companies' wars. So I say if maybe there's something out there, what the hell, that's what I say.
Better grab up some sand to take home to your family.
A casual one.
There you go, Jaeger.  Just find the buried treasure, and you're a millionaire.
Help, I'm being held prisoner in a puzzle box factory.
It's a fortune box.
Can you eat it?  If you can't eat it I really don't care what it is.
Like learning Arabic?  You're gonna learn Arabic you might as well learn were we can get something to eat around here.
You know so much about the Middle East, you know where we can get something to eat.
Not up to us.  Up to the Iraqis.  All they have to do is get out of Kuwait.
He's going to slow down.
He'll slow down.
We'll make up some kind of lie.  They won't find the gold.
That's what I hear.  Don't matter.  Girls go crazy everywhere for a man with gold.
I'd go to Australia.  Lot of land, not many people.  I think after this I'd like to quit people for awhile.  And the girls go crazy for brothers down there.
Australia.
How the hell should I know?
I don't know.
Thought you were going to buy a car.
What?
Don't make so much out of it.  Only reason I haven't figured a way to get all that money for myself is because I've been too busy figuring ways to stay alive.  Believe me; if I had a minute to catch my breath I might have played things the way you and Wes had.  I'm no better than anybody else.  I've just been busier.
Threatened to blow my brains out?
Thanks.
Yeah.
Then I'm a rich man.
Somebody has to.
You lie in the middle of the road, look like you're hurt.  When the car stops I run over to the driver and put a gun to his head.
A car's got to come along sooner or later.  When it does, we jack it.
You shouldn't think about things like that.  It'll just make you crazy.
We had a deal.  No one touches the gold until we're out of here.  No one breaks the deal, no one had anything to worry about.
It's always been like that.  When you left me down in the crevice to send the gold up I figured I'd better...take precautions.  I rigged it to blow if anyone opened the pack.  Just in case somebody thought they could do better on their own.
It wasn't the gold.  It was the claymore mine.  The gold's in my pack.
Damn it.  We lost the horses.
We go this way.
No, but I figure now's a real good time to start.
Me?  I say you don't have enough brains to be stupid.
...Wes...?
You come up with a better plan, let me know.
With what?  Against how many?
I don't know!
I don't know.  They killed Wes.
Shi'ites, I think.
We keep going, that's what we do.  We ignore them, maybe they ignore us.
Sun rises in the East.  We go the opposite direction.  May not find anything, but at least we'll know we're heading towards Saudi Arabia.
We can't stay here.  Even if that wasn't an Iraqi soldier it's only a matter of time before some show up.  Get all the water you can carry, and we'll head out on foot.
An Iraqi?
Shoot them!
Don't go bitch on me now!  You were going to kill me.  Kill them!
I don't have a weapon.
Well, you're going to start with a bang, 'cause you've got four of them to take down.
And then shoot them.
Slip out your M-16.
They must have thought we were Iraqi when you yelled to them.  They couldn't tell in the dark.
They must be Saudis.  It's a Saudi checkpoint.  Oh sweet, Jesus.  Come on. Come on!
What did you say?
That's if the war is even still going on. Way things were shaping up it's probably long over.
Even if they are Iraqis probably all they'll do is take us prisoner for awhile.  Got to figure we're still kicking their asses in the war.  They don't want any trouble.
Well, we should identify ourselves.
We can head back for our lines, and they don't even have to know about the gold.
Couldn't be Syria.  We couldn't have gone that far north.  It's got to be Saudi. Come on.
Place all alone like that?  Must be a boarder check point.
The deal was no one touches it until we get out of here.
Don't you touch it.
We've got to keep moving while there's still light.
No!
It's a desert.  That's what deserts do at night; they get cold.
Okay.  Then we go this way.
We can't just sit here.  We've got to start moving, so pick.
It's got to be going better than this..
If we can find the Hummer, or some friendlies by sundown we might be okay. We've got enough water for that.  But we won't make another day otherwise.
Damn.
It's all right.  I don't like it, but it's over now.
Makes two of us.
Yeah.
You still got a map on you?
Sure.
Yeah.  Well, me too.
Is it all right if I stand up?
That helicopter passes, and the only thing we're close to is death.
And you; you've got it all together.
First Wes, now you?
We'll lie.
What do you mean no?  They can fly us home.
We need something:  A flare, a signal mirror.
What if he's not?
We can't just leave him.
We got to go back.  We got to go back for Wes.
We'll find our way!  We'll...
We'll find our way.
You think you can make that pass weighted down when you almost fell the first time you're wrong, and you're not going to take my share of the gold with you trying it.  We're heading Northeast.
There's another pass on the photo.  We can avoid that narrow one we had to cross on the way up, and it should get us back down.
We should head Northeast.
It stays as it is.  We're halfway home now.  Let's not blow it by people getting ideas.
Not when you're up here with the gold, I guess not.
What the hell took so long.
All right.  You go up, I'll send up the gold, then follow.
Someone's got to send the gold up.  It can't get on the line by itself.
Jesus, Jaeger.
He's not going to leave us.
What?
What?
I wouldn't know.  I never imagined this. Not in my whole life did I ever imagine this.
Yeah, Bwana, you got it.
It's just a mongoose.
It's giving.
I feel air.  Probably opens up outside somewhere.  That's where the light comes from.  Couldn't see it with the lanternon.
Get up off your ass and dig!
Get up and dig.
It looks like you're not doing anything.
What are you doing?
A whole lot of nothing.
Right now I wouldn't be surprised if Eartha Kitt showed up singing Send In The Clowns.
If they land, we can take them.  If they don't land, then we've got nothing to worry about.
They can't shoot us in here.
We're not going to do anything.
Just stay down.
Stay low.
I hope it means something, otherwise...
Something like that.
Not enough.  We're out numbered and out gunned.  They'd cut us to shreds.
They're doing more than slapping.
Well, it's Iraq.  I'm not sure, but I'm guessing that has something to do with them being here.
Iraqis.  A bunch of them.
Single shots doesn't mean a fire fight. That's not a battle going on.
Don't!
Shut up and listen!
I didn't have to stop anything, 'cause nobody was going to do nothing.  We're in this together, understand?
You're not losing trust, are you?
This.  Whatever it is.
If we step on a mine we'll know it was. Let me see the maps.
Wes is right.  If there were any more mines we would have found them.  Hell, that one you stepped on was probably old anyway; left over from the war with Iran.
When we start running suck up your breath.  You're going to get the wind knocked out of you.
You're going to be fine.
Me and Wes each going take an end of the rope, run our asses of, and yank you off the mine.
It falls asleep and you die, so wake it the hell up.
It's not falling asleep.  You've only been standing there for three minutes.
I said nobody dies.  Nobody dies.
There's a way.
I said be cool, all right?  Now be cool!
We're going to be right over here.
Me and Wes are just going to talk.
We're going to get off, all right.  We'll get you off of there.  Just...be cool.
Just relax.
Just be cool.
If you stepped on a mine you'd be dead by now.  Nobody uses delayed-fuse mines anymore.
You didn't step on any mine.
What?
What!?
Don't drink up all of yours, 'cause you aren't getting any of ours.
Faster we get there, faster we get back.
SAY IT!
What do we do with the Humvee?
And you missed this?  How are you going to miss something like this?
Look at it.  LOOK AT IT!  Shot to hell. It's been leaking gas since the fire fight.  I told you to check for damage.
It'd make their heads explode.
You can't tell anybody about this.
What?
Let's go.
She okay?
I steady it out, they blow us out of the sand!
Figure they don't want to mess with us anymore than we want to mess with them.
It's the only way.  We drive!
We run they'll shoot us anyway.  If we keep driving they might think we friendlies; Iraqis.  Or even if they know we're Americans they might get scared, think we're part of a detachment and keep on going.
We can see them, they can see us.  We run, they chase.
Shut up!  Both of you shut the hell up!
TAKE THE GODDAMN BINOCULARS!
Take the binoculars.
You know, you sound just like a boy who's never--
It's not about being fun.  It's about being smart.  You take that money, you take care of it, let it grow, and you don't ever have to do anything again. Ever.  That's freedom.  That's what I'm talking about.
Invest it.
You're getting gold, and you're going to blow it on wheels?
A car?  You're going to buy a car?
Third.  What you're going to do with your third.
But that's the great thing about Gold.  A little goes a long way.
Cool it, Jaeger.  Hey, Wes?  Wes?
Now this is war.
It's going to be cool, Wes.  It's all all right.
But we all got to be in for this.  We all go, or we do nothing.
It's war.  People get lost all the time in war, cut off--
And you know what that area is?  It's Iraq.  IRAQ!  We're doing a little thing with them right now; Desert Storm.  Maybe you've read about it.
Wellllll, if you read it it must be true. Was it in the Star, or the Enquirer?
I think you've got some issues to deal with.  Really, when we get out of here I'm pretty sure it's shrink time for you.
Don't even.  You're not going to show me that tired map.
Everybody's got a job to do.  Figure it this way:  At least you get to go home alive.
Yeah, that's exactly what I think.  You and the five thousand other suckers who bought those boxes.  Let's get out of here.  We got sand to protect.
What!?  What!?
You all want to lay off?  God.  I hope the Iraqis shoot me; put me out of my misery.
Why you in such a hurry to get to shooting?
Yeah, the deed to the Brooklyn bridge.
Oh, man, you're not going to fall for that.
Don't worry about Jaeger.  He uses his personality as a form of birth control.
Another month in this desert and I might just.
You know what?  I think you got Schwarzkopf.  You did!  You got the General right in the ass.  Now that's good shooting.
No you're not.
Ready for what?  What are you supposed to be doing?
Knock it off!
What are you doing?
