Looks like at the end of the day we finally find out who's better than who, don't we, Epps?  Like I said; I expected more from you.
Give it to me!
If I don't answer, he'll know something's up.
I have to answer him.
They'll kill you.  You won't make it ten feet before they cut you down.
That's just what things came to. Sometimes you can't help that.  It doesn't change me respecting you.  And now you let me down.  I expected more from you, you know?  I really did.  I expected you to--
You disappoint me, Epps.  Always figured you to be a man; a real bright guy.  I had respect for you.
Thanks for taking care of this for me.
Look, I know you guys are telling the truth.  It's just the Shi'ites don't know that.  I guess you could tell them...but then you don't speak the language do you?
Sure, and I guess it was just convenient there was one less person to split the gold with.
In the flack jacket.  Still like getting hit in the back with a baseball bat. Took the air right out of me, but I was just unconscious for awhile.  'Course, you didn't stick around to find that out. You left me for dead.
Nothing about him, unless he's got a problem about me dealing with you.
Then I suppose it'd be insurrection, and I suppose I'd have to kill you.  I suppose.
I'm the one's got the big stick.
Without that navicam looks to me like you forfeit the right to be in charge.
No navicom.  A lot of good you are now, Epps.
What if I do?
In the service you do, but we're not particularly in the service right now. Way I see it, what we're doing, that doesn't particularly give you the right to toss orders around.
You've got an awful lot of orders in you. Always giving orders.
Get out of my way.
Then step aside.
It's a combat action.
I'm not going to leave him be just so he can stab us in the backs the minute we turn around.  I have been through too much to lose it all now just because the two of you don't have the stomach to do what has to be done.
He tried to kill us.  If not just now, then in the helicopter.  That's all the authority I need.
We're at war.
He's an enemy soldier.
You don't know he isn't.
That's what he says.  He could be a spy, or something.
We can't just leave him.  He'll run back to his outfit, report our position...
I don't care what he says, he wanted our gold.  Would have slit our throats if he had the chance.
He...he could have been watching us.
Says he wanted food.  Liar.  He wanted the gold.
Says they were deserters, they were afraid to fight, don't believe in Saddam anyway.  They flew the gunship up here to hide out.  When they saw us they figured we were going to kill them, so they shot first.
I told you; don't push me around.
I told you.  He tried to steal our gold. He tried to kill us.
He snuck in here thinking we were asleep, only I wasn't sleeping.  Would have slit our throats if I hadn't stopped him.
You got no reason to hit me.  I'm getting tired of you and Jaeger pushing me around.
You got no reason to do that!
Maybe I don't need your ideas.  Maybe I can do better on my own.
Maybe you've got ideas of your own for the gold.  Maybe you've already got things worked out.
You're the one with all the ideas.
What if we get separated?  Way I see it if something happens I want to be carrying my share.
Maybe we should split it up now.
What about the gold?
You ready?
Ready when you are.
Epps!
What am I supposed to do?
Missile!
And they can't fly around out there forever.
Weird they didn't chase us.
Where'd they go?
Otherwise whatever we're looking for could be anywhere.
What do you figure it to be?
The US Army:  Always an adventure.
Probably was a couple of hundred years ago when whoever drew the map came through here.  Worn down to nothing now.
And find the treasure, and get it, and get back to the Humvee, and get the hell out of Iraqi without getting our heads blown off, but that's about it.
We can't just go off and--
We can fight.  That's what we're here for:  To fight the Iraqis.  To help the Shi'ites, and the Khurds.
The soldiers are going to kill those people!
Yeah.
Should have at least gotten the map off of him.  Blows up with him then we did all this for nothing.
What if it's a Valloro 69?  Just going to bounce right up out of the ground, explode in the air, kill him and us.
For climbing.
Should have blown already.  Delayed fuse, that's Vietnam stuff.
What kind of mine?
He's an idiot, and he's not nearly as hard as he thinks.
Not much chance of that.  Jaeger's an idiot.
Him getting us stranded out here doesn't do much good either.
What are you doing.
Deserters would have run, they wouldn't have engaged.
We shouldn't have been here, Epps.  There is a war going on!
Oh, Jesus, they've stopped.
They stopped.
What are we going to do!?
No, please, not again.
I'd settle for being alive.  Really. Alive would be fine.
What?
Oh, God.
You're out of your minds, you know that? Both of you.  You don't even know if there's anything out there.  What the hell are you thinking?
Damn, this is sweet.  We are going to be home in no time.
It's a map, I think that's what it is.
What's it say?
Paper.
Well, based on my knowledge of the region, its culture and her people I would have to say it's a box.
I didn't learn Arabic because we were getting shipped here.  You don't learn it in a couple of weeks.  I studied it in high school.
...And it's very important when you sit down never to point the soles of your shoes at anyone.  It's considered offensive.
Think we're going to do it?  Think we're going to war?
You actually got around to killing someone.  I'm impressed.  I guess you're only half a bitch.
When my Shi'ite friends saw that they had shot an American they were very apologetic.  Turns out we've been kicking ass in this little war.  They figure we've finally gotten Saddam off their backs.  They brought me to their camp, cleaned me up, fed me... I'm their new best buddy.  America number one, Joe. But there's something the Shi'ites can't figure out:  They can't figure out why my two buddies, two fellow Americans, left me out in the desert.  They can't seem to figure out what those same two guys were doing in an Iraqi outpost.  It's almost as if they were Iraqi spies, or something.  And I've got to tell you they hate anything that's got to do with the Iraqis.  See how I mean?
Probably shot a few.  Scattered the rest. Murderers.
The white reflects the sun; it keeps you cooler.  That's why they wear them.
You want to say some words?
He'd just slow us down, and drink our water.  And if we ran into any more Iraqis you know he'd sell us out.
I'm not wasting my water on him.
All last night he could have been--
Says he's one of the soldiers that was in the helicopter.
He's a soldier.  He doesn't need a weapon.  He's got rocks.  He's got bare hands.
What the hell are you doing!?
What do you see?
You down?
It's got a bottom.
What do you think?
Just seems weird they didn't chase us.
We make it, or we go back empty handed.
You're the one wanted to kill Iraqis so bad.
We're American soldiers.  We don't abandon people.
We have to do something.
Is there anything you do know?
Those people down there are Shi'ites. You've got Shi'ites in the south of Iraq and Khurds in the North.  Neither of them've got much love for Saddam. Probably figured once the war started there might be an uprising, so he sent his soldiers out to slap them around some.
I'm getting tired of you riding me, Jaeger.
If all we wanted was the map out of you we could have taken it while you were standing on that mine pissing on yourself.
You want to crawl, crawl.
Haven't found a mine for half a mile, or more.
How long we going to keep this up.
Doesn't matter.  We're not going to be able to get him off it anyway.
Really?  What is that, an order, <u>private</u>?
You two don't even know how crazy you are.  You want to go on your sick, little treasure hunt then go ahead, but mark me absent.
Then lets go back while we still can.
So, you just let us drive on knowing we were losing fuel?  Knowing we were going to run low in the middle of nowhere?
We just about got killed.  You know what happened?  We just about got killed, and you want to go on?
We have to go back.
We got to get out of here.
I thought we were dead.
I think I'm going to throw up.  I am. I'm going to toss.
Oh, Jesus!
Oh, God!
This is too much.  You don't even have the money and you're wasting it.
If there's gold.  If!
How the hell should I know how much?
I don't know.  It would be small, easy to transport and hide.  Gold or jewels. Probably gold.
If!  If there's a treasure.
Oh, no.
We're going to get court martialed, you know that.
God!  I don't believe I'm doing this.  I don't.
You're insane if you think you'll find anything, and sure insane if you think you can get us there and back alive.
Epps, you're smarter than this.  Jaeger I understand, but you're smarter.
So you just want to cross into hostile territory in the middle of a war on a wild goose chase?  It's crazy.  Tell him it's crazy, Epps.
It's not a hundred miles.  It's a hundred miles through three different kinds of terrain:  Pure desert, mountains, a river.  If the map is even real.
You don't know where the Iraqis have moved to.  And our forces haven't even engaged the Republican Guard yet, we don't know--
You're not saying what I think you're saying.  I can't believe you're even thinking it.
What?
Those soldiers have got loafers on.  What kind of army gives their soldiers loafers?
It's a container.  Break the seal.
The longer the air force hits the Iraqis, the safer it'II be for us when we have to engage.
This is so weird.  It's happening, but it's not.  It's like a TV show, and we're part of it.
You ever think about it?  You ever worry?
You ever think about dying?
Jaeger?
Why would they do all that if we weren't?
We're going to war, aren't we.  If they're doing all that it must mean we're going to war.
They're cancelling all leaves, all passes.  No more drills.  We stand at full ready starting--
That's in two days.
You know the fifteenth is the deadline for the Iraqis to get out of Kuwait.
Jaeger?
You really think there's a treasure inside?
You will.  You'll get it.
You get it yet?
And you're the guy who's going to open it.
It's a puzzle box.  If you can figure out how to open it there's supposed to be a treasure inside.
He says it's a box.
Now you need me.
Don't even try it.  You offend a woman out here you're in serious trouble.
Don't shoot me, I'm friendly.  You can use that when you surrender.
I thought it would be good to know.
I'm just trying to help you guys out.  It doesn't hurt to know something about Saudi Arabia.
Come on.  You're going to get us in trouble.
I'm saying don't do it accidently.
People were suffering in Afganistan, and we didn't do anything.
I don't think we'll go to war.  We shouldn't even be here.  This isn't our fight, it's a regional conflict.  It should be decided regionally.
Yes.  Yes.  That's exactly it.  Yes.
Yeah, a headache.  My head hurts.  You're making me uncomfortable.
Could you stop, please.  You're giving me a headache.
