How will I get it to you?
Fine...
Nothing more than a bother.  Have you any news for me?
I've been ordered into bed.  The doctor says I've gotten the flu, or some other wretched ailment.
How are you?  Having any luck?
Hello?
You told me to look, so I looked.
Okay.
Do you think the film could have cost that much?
Hello... ?
To the penny.  Exactly one million dollars in cash.
Totalled together, these five checks from five different accounts, they equal one million dollars.
One was for two hundred thousand, one dollar and thirteen cents. Another was for three hundred thousand, six hundred fifty four dollars and seventy six cents...
The checks were for odd amounts...
My husband never dealt with money personally, certainly not cash.
I know what I'm asking.  Your compensation will be appropriate to the risk.  You'll need cash to buy information, and I'll provide it.  I feel responsible, Mr. Welles.  You saw what he did to her.
You've found missing persons before.
Any evidence you collect can be given to the police later, anonymously.  I've thought about it and there's no other way.  If you can't find them... if the only thing that comes from this film is that this is all my husband will be remembered for, well I can't let that happen.  I'm telling you I won't.  If there's no chance that poor girl's memory can be served, then I'll just have to spend my last days trying to forget her.
No.  For me to live with the ruin of my husband's name, I need know that whoever did this will be punished. If you can find them, I will take their names to the police.  I'll say my husband confessed on his death bed. I'll say I didn't have courage to come forward at first...
I told you I can't, not yet.
Will you watch it and see for yourself?
I'm telling you it's not that.
No.
I didn't know what to think.  I can't tell you how horrible it's been, to know this belonged to my husband.  To know that he watched this... this atrocity.  But, I can't go to the police...
This is a movie showing a girl being murdered.  She's sitting on a bed, and a man rapes her... and he begins to cut her with a knife...  I only watched what I could.
It's a film... of a girl being murdered.
Cash, stock certificates, and this...
There was nothing he could do.  My husband left everything to me.  I prevented anyone from seeing the contents.  I felt these were my husband's private things.  I didn't... I didn't realize...
My husband was the only one with the combination to this safe.  I knew about it, but as far as I was concerned it was none of my business.  Not till now, that is.
Just curious.
Do you carry a gun, Mr. Welles?
We were married forty-five years. Hard even for me to imagine.  We had our troubles.  There were plenty of places for him to be other than here, but he was always loyal to me, and I to him.  I loved him deeply.
Mostly.  That's where he started his empire building.  He was a good man.  Notorious as an eccentric, but that was something he cultivated.  He wanted to be legendary.
His passing has left me with... something of a dilemma.  A terrible, terrible dilemma.
As you know, my husband passed away recently.  Two weeks ago now.
You are highly recommended.  Praised for your discretion... your strict adherence to confidentiality.
I've spoken to friends of mine and my husband's, in Harrisburg, in Lancaster and Hershey.  Asking about you.  I must say you have friends in influential places.
He's a lawyer.  Please, sit, here...
Have a pleasant evening.  Will you have tea, Mister Welles?
Apparently Mr. Longdale has something he feels he simply must say before you and I speak.
Mister Welles. You're very prompt.
