I just talked to her.
She's all I've got.  She's the only witness.
Mrs. Christian.
Amy...
Don't...
I don't know what to say
Amy, I'm not going to let anything happen to us.
I was in hell.  If I called you... if I heard your voice... it would have been so easy for me to quit. I couldn't do that.
You don't understand...
I wanted to call.  I couldn't.
I don't know.  I'm sorry...
It has to be this way for now.  It won't be long.
I can't tell you, Amy.  You know I can't.  You have to trust me...
I'm okay, honey, I'm okay.  Are you alright?
Just do it, Amy, please, go.
I'm okay.  Please, honey, I can't explain.  Don't use the phone, just pack a bag and get out.  I'm on my way.  I'll be back at the house in three hours.  Call me from the hotel when you get there
Amy, just listen.  Take Cindy and get out of the house.  Do it now. Go to a hotel and stay there...
Amy, it's me.  Listen very carefully..
I'm not gonna need it.  I won't even wear it.  It's a precaution.  Don't worry about me.
It's a missing persons case... a long shot.  I'll give it two months, two months at most, then I'll be back.  We'll take a vacation.
Sometimes you can't know what I'm doing.  It's better that way.
This is the mortgage.  This is Cindy's college money.
I'm not using him again for anything.  He was worthless.  You have bridge here Saturday?
Sure.  I'll call the guy.
I love you.
Honey, I'm not, please...
Business was fine.  I'll tell you what, you couldn't pay me enough to live down there.
We've been all through that.  I've been on my best behavior.
Well, I'm not smoking, okay?
You know, Amy, I've been sitting around in bars and everywhere following this guy... I mean, is this what I get first thing?  Before you even "hello," you accuse me... ?
Smoking?  I'm not smoking.
Do you know how much I missed you?
You know where I can get it?  I have a lot of money to spend.
Snuff?
Anything harder?
What are these?
I'll get it.  It's in a safe deposit box, in the city...
He doesn't know anything... he's got nothing to do with this...
Look, he's got nothing to do with this... let him go...
I remember him.
Look, I don't know what this...
What are you... ?
Sure.
What are these for?
Where are the women?
Right here.
Where's that?
Machine's in?
Those are two different kinds of trust.  Thank you for your time.  I hope we can do business.
I'm camera shy.
I'd rather you didn't.
We can do that.
If it's not him, there's no deal.
And the other performer... it has to be that monster you use... the man in the mask.
I want to watch you work.
Five thousand now, five thousand on delivery. Two women, one white and one black, as long as they have large breasts. Hard bondage, or course.  Other than that, trusting your artistic interpretation, I have only two stipulations.
That's five thousand dollars.
Yes.  What we're looking for is rather specific.
A fellow investor.
I'd like to commission a work.  I'm a great admirer of yours.
It's an honor to meet you.  Thank you for seeing us.
You're gonna be seeing a lot of me. You're sure you don't mind?
Any good?
They were pretty clear they didn't want this coming back on them.
They're putting themselves in place of this kid's parents and thinking they'd want to hear their girl's okay, even if that's all they hear.
This doctor and wife, they're nice people, but they don't want to get too involved.  They're not trying to have the parents come looking for the girl either. You and I both know sometimes, not often, but sometimes there's real reasons why a kid'll run. Molestation, whatever.  Besides that, the girl's probably eighteen, so she's legal.
For whatever reasons I thought you might be more receptive.
I figured you share information.
Few days ago, I was contacted by a couple living in Philadelphia, a doctor and his wife.  What happened was they picked up a young girl hitchhiking off 81, which heads into Philadelphia, started up a conversation with this girl, she looked homeless, seemed about eighteen maybe.  They convinced her to let them buy her a meal in the city.  Nice kid, mature, didn't have much to say, but they got a sense she's a runaway, so all through dinner the doctor's working on her, trying to convince her that at the very least she should pick up a telephone.  Not surprisingly, she ate her food, excused herself...  That's the last they saw her.  The reason they came to me for help, the reason I'm coming to you, is we had a friend of mine in the department work up a sketch...  They want to see if I can I.D. this girl, somehow pass along a message to let the parents know the kid's alive, doing alright.
Absolutely.  Of course I'll abide by whatever decision you make, but I'd appreciate if you'll hear me out...
What I'd like, very simply, is access to your archive.  And, now I understand this isn't something you normally do for private citizens...
Call me Tom.
That's right, you just stood there and watched, because you "felt like it."  Almost makes you worse.
Easy enough for you.
Don't think I won't.
Where?  Show me where.
Show me where you buried her.
Stop talking.
Keep moving.
Show me.
What did you do with her body?
Nobody saw you bring her in?
Tell me what happened.
You enjoy it?
Because we're going there.
Show me where you did it, on the map, exactly where you did it.
I want to know.  I want to know exactly what you did to her!
What did you do, knock her out, shoot her up... ?
So... you brought Dino in, and he brought Machine.  And, one day, a girl walked into your office because you had an ad in the paper for models.  And she never walked out.
That's all?  Thirty each.  That's all it took for you to murder her?
How much did he pay you?
Told him you could get him a snuff film.
Okay, we'll come back to that.  So, six years ago a guy contacts you, through the classifieds, over the phone, however he does it.  It's Longdale, looking for a snuff film. And you, entrepreneur that you are, tell him you can hook him up.
I will never get tired of hurting you, Eddie, so you might want to change your attitude.
I want his name.
Who is Machine?
Starting to recognize a pattern?
Don't ask questions.
Don't bore me with that bullshit.
One million dollars, Dino.  How much did he tell you he had...
You killed that girl and you put it on film.  You and your pals, you're fucked.  You fucked up real good.
You murdered that girl, Eddie.  Six years ago...
I know what you did.
I know what you did.
Eddie.
Look at him.  You think he played it square?  How much did he give you, how much did he keep for himself?
Go ahead, shoot me.  Then try driving to Brooklyn with my brains all over the windshield.
You'll get it when we get there.
Fuck you.
Enlighten me.
Why did he buy a film of some poor, lost girl getting butchered?
I'm asking.
Just tell me.  Tell me some more of the secrets you and Christian shared. What kind of degenerate pervert was he really?  What the fuck did he want with a snuff film?
Did it get him off, huh, watching them cut her up?  Tell me, because I really want to understand.  Did he jerk off to it?  You watch it with him, sit there giving him a handjob while you both watched... ?
Mary Anne Mathews was alive till you paid money to have her murdered.
You found these smut dealers and asked to buy a snuff film, right? Wanted them to find you one.  Well, they didn't find you one, Longdale, they went out and made you one...
Mary Anne Mathews, that was her name.  Her mom remembers her.
Except, you're willing commit murder with them.
Followed me... must have freaked out when you saw me closing in on your buddies...
That's why you got scared when Mrs. Christian hired me.  You knew about the film, figured it had to be in that safe.  How'd you find me?
Must have paid you a lot, for you to risk everything.  Would've had to have cut yourself a real nice piece of money.
So, he sent you, gave you the money, his errand-boy.  And if you refused, it wasn't like you could tell anyone your pervert boss just asked you to get him a snuff film.  That's the beauty of lawyer/client privilege.
You were the middleman, am I right? Old man Christian wasn't about to go shopping for a snuff film himself.
That's right.
Of what sort?
I'm listening.
It's not my money.  The woman I got it from is never going to give it a second thought.  Let's not make a big deal out of this, okay?  Go be a race car driver.  Go run for President.  Whatever.
It's money.  People use it to purchase goods and services.
Nope.
I'm trying to figure that out myself.  I have to see Machine without his mask.
"Devil" frightened me as much as it excited me, but I'd be hard pressed to choose a favorite.
You don't need to be here.
Who is he, his name?
Who is he?
Who is this, in the mask?  Who is he?
It's cheap, and people know to mind their own business. What have you got for me?
It's their Presidential Suite.
Consider it.  Meanwhile, dig up whatever Dino Velvet films you can. Get receipts.  I'll call back.
Take a vacation.  I'll pay you four hundred a day, plus expenses.
Well, I'm in New York now.  What do you say to flying out and giving me a hand?
Alright, I get the picture.
Where does he sell it?
Specialty product.
A weirdo making S+M films?  Who'd have thought it?
Good question.
A daughter.
What about me?
You're telling me it doesn't get to you?
You just strike me as smart enough to be doing something else.
I don't mean any offense... but what are you doing mixed up in all this?
Where are your parents?
How old are you?
What other ways are there to get illegal films?  Who do you see?
Snuff films.
Child pornography.
Interesting theory.
... Hello... ?
See you then.  Oh, and, don't call me "pops."
Here's my number if you need it...  When can you start?
Okay, let's pretend I live in the same fantasy world where you make four hundred a week in that dump. I'll give you six hundred for a few days.
How much do you make now?
Well, there's the thing; you're not gonna know anything about what I'm doing, but you can make some money.
Not quite.
I'm not a cop.
Well, whatever there is, whoever's dealing, however it's done, I want to know.  I want a good look, so if you've got that kind of connection, great.  If not, speak now.
Well, here's the deal, Max.  This thing I'm on right now has something to do with underground pornography. Stuff that's sold under the counter, illegally...
What's your name, if you don't mind me asking?
How long you been working there?
Good for you.
I need some information.  Thought you might be able to help.
Remember me?
Wouldn't want to embarrass yourself in front of your fellow perverts.
Truman Capote.
Catchy title.  What are you really reading?  Hard to believe that book's got any parts worth highlighting.
I'll risk it.
Well, it's tempting, but no thanks.
Pardon me?
Yeah... guess so.
If you have a pencil and paper, I'll tell you how to send it.
I've got about five thousand left in cash, but I'll need another thirty, if you approve.
I've made progress.  I'm in Manhattan.  Once a few more pieces fall into place, I'll drive to you and give you an update.
I hope it's nothing serious.
I don't know if luck's the word. Are you feeling alright?
Mrs. Christian, Tom Welles here.
You're one hell of a detective, Mrs. Christian.
Send it to me through the post office like we arranged.  No return address.  You dug this up all by yourself?
For a human life... murder on film, no statute of limitations.  Who knows?  It sure could have.  I'd like you to overnight me a copy of those checks, then put them in a safe deposit box.
I'm here.
You're joking.
Okay, I follow you so far...
I'm not positive this means anything.
Okay...
Nothing remotely like this.
I deal in divorce cases.  Corporate investigations...
It won't work like that.
You don't have any other choice.
You... you need to go to the police.
Of course.  But, I'm certain it's nothing to worry about.
I'm sure it is.  It's probably something your husband was given as a bad joke.  More than likely he never even watched it.
If you were to study it you'd see the camera cutting away... you'd see the tricks they can play...
Please, believe me.  This is probably a stag film.  Simulated rape.  Hard to stomach, and it might seem real, but there are ways of making it look realistic... fake blood and special effects...
Mrs. Christian... please, will you sit down a moment?  I want you to listen carefully. What you're talking about is a "snuff film."  But, from what I know, snuff films are a kind of... urban myth.  Like, red light district folklore.  There's no such thing, I can assure you.
I'm afraid I don't...
Do you want to tell me what you found?
You hired someone to open it.  I'll bet the lawyer loved that.
I wear a gun when I can tell a client expects me to.  Other than that, there's never any reason.
He succeeded.
Pittsburgh?
I'll do whatever I can to help.
My condolences.
I've been privileged to provide services for people I admire.
He's odd.
Thank you.
Uh huh, pleasure.
I try to be.
They murdered her, Mrs. Mathews, I'm sorry.  It happened a month after she ran away.  She's been dead all this time...
They killed her, and they took her out in the forest somewhere and they buried her...
He raped her and...and...and he murdered her...he cut her up with knifes...
They brought her into the room... one man, he put a knife to her throat and he raped her...
Someone... some men, they took your daughter and they drugged her, and they took her to a motel room... they did terrible things to her...
Mrs. Mathews, your daughter is dead. She's dead.
She went to California, to Los Angeles... she wanted to start over. She wanted to be an actress...
I have to tell you something.  It won't be easy for you to hear.  It's about your daughter... Mary Anne...  When I... when I was there with you, her diary, in your attic, in silverware.  If you read it, you'll know what I'm telling you is true...
Mrs. Mathews?  It's Thomas.  Do you remember, I was there a few weeks ago... asking about your daughter...
It's been six years.
You were right.  I didn't find anything.  I'm going to run and get something to eat. Are you hungry?
You're probably right, and I probably won't find anything. I don't have a right to ask this, and you can kick me out of your house if you want, but this is my profession and there's a part of me that can't let it go.  Police are just as human as you or I.  They could have missed something.  They probably didn't.  Wouldn't you rather know?
Will you let me look?
If the police focused their search in her room, her belongings, well that'd be only natural, but they may have been looking in the wrong place.
It is possible... and I know this isn't something you want to hear. Your daughter may have tried to hide a note where she thought you would eventually find it, but where she knew your husband would never find it.  She might have wanted to tell you something...
Do you think the police did a good job?
It's not really my place, but it's not easy for me to set aside the private detective part of me either. See, I know a little about missing persons.  When kids run, they almost always leave a note.  It's guilt. They want to say goodbye.
I've got what I need for my report. There is... there is one thing that bothers me though.
No.
We're all like that.
I... I shouldn't take anymore of your time.  Maybe we can finish tomorrow.  I'll call tomorrow...
Of course.
I had to ask.  I apologize.
I didn't mean to...
You have to forgive me, but in these circumstances... with your daughter...  Were there any indications of... any sort of abuse?
Why do you think he did it?
September 4th, 1993.  About a year after Mary disappeared.
If there's anything you feel uncomfortable talking about, tell me, but I have to ask.  Your husband... he committed suicide?
What was she running from?
She just seemed... depressed... ?
So, she didn't leave a note?  She never gave any indication where she might go, before she left?
You probably expect me to be wearing a trench coat and a hat.  Drinking whiskey, chasing women and getting beaten up by guys with broken noses. Want to know what it's really like? It's sitting in a car and staring at a hotel window for three days straight, pissing in a plastic bottle, pardon me, because some guy thinks his wife's cheating on him. Glamorous, huh?  And the guy who hired you, he has a hair-lip, dandruff and crooked teeth, and you could have told him the minute you laid eyes on him his wife's cheating, and you don't blame her.
That's exactly what I am.
It's very important you don't let this raise your expectations.  It's not going to effect any ongoing efforts.  All I'm saying is, please know, I'm not here to create any false hope.
Well, I'm following up on your daughter, Mary, height; five four, weight; hundred ten pounds, brown eyes, blonde hair.  Born April 24, 1976.  Missing June 11th, 1992.  A runaway, that's how she's listed. Is this information correct... ?
Right, Agent Cole told me he'd call and let you know to expect me.  He didn't call?
What was the name... ? I've got it here somewhere...
These volunteer organizations are sort of interconnected, functioning hand in hand with law enforcement. The R.C.M.P. brought me in to review their investigations...  ... fact-check their records, see if there's anything they missed, anything they should be doing different.  I'm here for a few days, before I head back up to Virginia. These reports go to the Justice Department eventually.  I spoke to your F.B.I. contact a few days ago, uh...
I'm sorry, let me explain, the R.C.M.P. is a support organization and archive, not unlike the Center for Missing and Exploited Children in Washington.  I'm sure you've dealt with them before?
I've been hired as an independent contractor by the U.S. Resource Center for Missing Persons as part of an internal audit.  If you have any time over the next few days, I'd like to make an appointment to ask some questions about the disappearance of your daughter.
Hello, Mrs. Mathews, my name's Thomas Jones, I'm a state licensed investigator...
I'll do what I can.
Whatever possessed you to keep this all this time?
Her belongings?
What is this?
I'm trying to find out.  She was a runaway.  I'm looking into it for her parents.
You... you do?  You're sure? Please, Sister, will you take another look, make sure...
Certainly, Senator.  If I can ever be of further assistance.
The um... you'll find my invoice in the envelope. If that's all...
No, sir, he is not.
Your son-in-law dealt with the dry cleaning franchise during the day, saw that woman every night.  The specifics are in the report, and information about the woman.  It's unpleasant, I know.  I apologize...
Yeah, I know the spiel.  If you could bag it, I'll be on my way, thank you.
No, you may not.
Cash.
Okay, I'll take it all.
