Nothing.  There ain't nothing in Room 237, but you ain't got no business going in there anyway, so stay out!  You understand, stay out!
No I ain't.
Room 237?
Not things that anyone can notice, but things that people who shine can see.  Just like they can see things that haven't happened yet. Well, sometimes they can see things that happened a long time ago... I think a lot of things happened right here in this particular hotel - over the years, and not all of them was good.
Well, maybe things that happened... leave other kinds of traces behind.
Well, you know Doc, when something happens it can leave a trace of itself behind... say like is someone burns toast.
No, I'm scared of nothing here. It's just that you know some places are like people, some shine and some don't.  I guess you could say the Overlook Hotel here has something about it that's like shining.
Try to think what it was.
Now think real hard, Doc.  Think.
Do they know he tell you things?
Does your Mum and Dad know about Tony?
How does he tell you things?
Is Tony the one that tells you things?
Who's Tony?
Who says you ain't supposed to?
Why don't you want to talk about it?
Chocolate it shall be.  Come on son.
Do you like ice cream, Doc?
You don't?  Well what's your favorite food then?
Now this is where we keep all of out meat.  You got fifteen rib roasts - thirty ten pound bags of hamburgers.  You got twelve- turkeys, two dozen pork roasts and twenty legs of lamb.  Do you like lamb, Doc?
Hallo, this is Dick Halloran again. I called a while ago about the folks at the Overlook Hotel.
Thank you very much.  I'll do that.
Sir, I've been trying to make an urgent phone call up there,
Hallo.  My name's Dick Halloran. I'm the Head Chef up at the Overlook Hotel.
No problem, Mr. Ullman.  I was just getting to the ice cream.
It will be a pleasure.  Right this way Mrs. Torrance.
Oh, that's just great.  How do you folks like our hotel so far?
Sure.
Good.
Well I guess I probably heard you call him that.
I did?
Beg pardon?
Well one thing for sure, you don't have to worry about food because you folks could eat up here a whole year and never have the same menu twice.
Don't let it get you down Mrs. Torrance - it's big but it still ain't nothing but a kitchen... a lot of the stuff you'll never have to touch.
Yeah, this is it.  How do you like it, Danny?  Is it big enough for you?
Oh Wendy.  That's nice.  That's the prettiest.
Mrs. Torrance, your husband introduced you as Winifred.  Now are you a Winnie or a Freddie?
Glad to meet you, Winifred.
