Dick, can we borrow Mrs. Torrance for a few minutes?  We're on our way through to the basement - I promise we won't keep her very long.
Dick, if you're ready to do it now, I think it would be a good idea if you could show Mrs. Torrance the kitchen, while I continue on with Jack.
The Torrances are going to take care of the Overlook for us this winter.
This is Dick Halloran, our Head Chef.
Oh Dick, come on over and say hello to Mr. and Mrs. Torrance.
Yes, very cosy for a family, and if you feel like spreading out you have the rest of the hotel to move around in.
Oh...
Oh fine.  Well in view of all the ground that we to cover today, I suggest we go and have a quick look at your apartment and then get started straight away.
Oh... Has your luggage been brought in?
Good.  Glad you made it before they shut down the kitchen.  Is your family having a look around?
Good morning Jack.  I hope you haven't been waiting too long.
put off by the idea of staying alone in a place where something like that actually happened.
Well, obviously some people can be
shut in together over long periods of time.
The police eh... they thought that it was what the old-timers used to call cabin-fever, a kind of claustrophobic reaction which can occur when people are
Well, my predecessor in this job
I don't suppose they eh told you anything in Denver about the tragedy we had up here during the winter of 1970?
been known to give a few people second thoughts about the job.
Great...
How about your wife and son?  How do you think they'll take to it?
can of itself be a problem.
That's very good Jack, because eh... for some people eh solitude and isolation...
Physically, it's not a very demanding job.  The only thing that can get a bit trying up here during the winter is eh... the tremendous sense of isolation.
...the winters can be fantastically cruel, and the basic idea is to...to cope with the very costly damage and depreciation which can occur.  And this consists mainly of running the boiler, heating different parts of the hotel on a daily rotating basis, repairing damage as it occurs and doing repairs, so that the elements can't get a foothold.
Well...
Oh, it sure would be
Let's see, where were we?  Yes.  I was about to explain that eh... our season here runs from oh May 15th to October 30th and then we close down completely until the following May.
Susie.
JAck, just make yourself at home. Would you like some coffee?
Well, that's very good time, very good.  Please sit down a minute.
Have any trouble finding us?
Very nice to meet you.
Oh, well - come on in Jack.
Yes?
Yes.
By five o'clock tonight, you'll never know anybody was ever here.
Yes, well the guests and some of the staff left yesterday, but the last day is always very hectic - everybody wants to be on their way as early as possible.
How're you getting on?
Hi.
Thank you, Susie.
We can accommodate up to three hundred people here very comfortably.
Oh...well this is our gold ballroom.
As a matter of fact we eh... brought a decorator in from Chicago just last year to refurbish this part of the hotel.
This is the staff wing of the hotel. None of the other bedrooms are heated during the winter.
All the best people.
even before anybody knew what a jet set was.  We've had four presidents who stayed here, lots of movie stars.
Yes, I believe they are based mainly on Navajo and Apache motifs.
This is our Colorado Lounge.
Bill, would you have the Torrances' things brought in their apartment.
Well, that still gives up plenty of time to go over everything first.
What time does the plane leave?
Jack is a schoolteacher.
Jack is going to take care of the Overlook for this winter.  I would like you to take him around the place as soon as we are through.
Bill, I'd like you to meet Jack Torrance.
