I just don't get this all. It was them that went for me, brothers. You're not on their side and can't be. You can't be Dim. It was someone we fillied with back in the old days... Trying to get his own malenky bit of revenge after all this time. You remember, Dim?
I've been cured.
Come, come, my little droogies. I just don't get this at all. The old days are dead and gone. For what I did in the past I've been punished.
Impossible... I don't believe it.
You bastards... bastards.
Lets get things nice and sparkling clear. This sarcasm, if I may call it such, does not become you, O my brothers. As I am your droog and leader, I am entitled to know what goes on, eh? Now then, Dim, what does that great big horsy gape of a grin portend?
Welly, welly, welly, welly, welly, welly, well. To what do I owe the extreme pleasure of this surprising visit? Georgie rises.
A nozh scrap any time you say. Dim weakens.
Watch that... Do watch that, O Dim, if to continue to be on live thou dost wish.
For being a bastard with no manners and not a dook of an idea how to comport yourself publicwise, O my Brother.
There was some sophistos from the TV studios around the corner, laughing an govoreeting. The Devotchka was smecking away, and not caring about the wicked world one bit. Then the disc on the stereo twanged off and out, and in the short silence before the next one came on, she suddenly came with a burst of singing, and it was like for a moment, O my brothers, some great bird had flown into the milkbar and I felt all the malenky little hairs on my plott standing endwise, athe shivers crawling up like slow malenky lizards and then down again. Because I knew what she sang. It was a bit from the glorious 9th, by Ludwig van. Dim makes a lip-trump followed by a dog howl, followed by two fingers pronging twice in the air, followed by a clowny guffaw. Alex brings his stick down smartly on Dim's legs.
Look, sir. I'm sorry to have troubled you. I think I ought to be going, sir. Julian bars the way.
Who are they, sir?
Help me, sir?
Phoned some friends, sir?
I'm sorry to hear about that, sir. His face contorted in rage.
Your wife, sir? Has she gone away?
Thank you, sir.
And you, sir?
Won't you join me, sir?
Thank you very much, sir. Cheers Suddenly the thought occurs to Alex that the wine may be drugged or poisoned.
Great, sir. Great.
It was very kind of you to leave this out for me, sir. There was no-one around when I finished my bath, so I started. I hope that's alright, sir.
Good evening, sir.
Yes, sir, that's exactly who I am, sir... and what I am... a victim, sir. Mr. Alexander becomes frenzied as the speech progresses.
The police... The horrible ghastly Police. They beat me up, sir. The Police beat me up, sir. Mr. Alexander stares at him. It becomes apparent he is insane.
You see, madam, I am part of an international student's contest to see who can get the most points for selling magazines.
Naughty, naughty, naughty, you filthy old soomaka.
Our brief govereet thru the letter hole was not, shall we say, satisfactory, yes?
Hi, hi, hi there, at last we meet.
Very well, madam. I suppose you can't be blamed for being suspicious with so many scoundrels and rouges of the night about. Alex walks away from door, then ducks into the bushes where the others are hiding. They put on their maskies and follow Alex round to the rear of the house.
But, missus, this is an emergency. It's a matter of life and death. Me friend's lying in the middle of the road bleeding to death.
Excuse me, missus, can you please help? There's been a terrible accident. Can I please use your telephone for an ambulance?
Yes, sir. Rubinstein takes out a notebook.
What would you like to know, sir?
Thank you very much, sir.
Fine, sir, fine.
Much better, thank you, sir.
Yes, sir. I suppose you might call it that, sir.
Very kind of you, sir. Thank you very much.
Missus. Very pleased to meet you.
How do you do, sir?
Sorry, Em, I wanted it to be like... a big surprise for you and pee.
Hullo love, how are you?  Nice to see you, Dad.
Hi. Hi. Hi, there my Pee and Em. All three look up startled.
Alright, Mum... have a nice day at the factory.
I've got to rest, Mum... got to get fit, otherwise I'm liable to miss a lot more school.
Bit of pain in the gulliver, Mum. Leave us be and I'll try to sleep it off... then I'll be as right as dodgers for this after.
You try to frighten me, sir, admit so, sir. This is some new form of torture. Say it, brother, sir.
Not true, sir. It was only a slight tolchock. She was breathing, I swear it.
As an unmuddied lake, sir. Clear as an azure sky of deepest summer. You can rely on me, sir. Deltoid drinks again but this time sees the teeth in the glass. He groans and retches.
Nobody's got anything on me, brother, sir. I've been out of the rookers of the milicents for a long time now.
I've been doing nothing I shouldn't, sir. The millicents have nothing on me, brother, sir, I mean. Deltoid pulls Alex down on the bed.
Just a manner of speech, sir.
To what do I owe this extreme pleasure, sir? Anything wrong, sir? Deltoid "playfully" grabs Alex's hair.
A cup of the old chai, sir?
A rather intolerable pain in the head, brother, sir. I think it should be clear by this afterlunch.
Um... well, put it this way... I feel very low in myself. I can't see much in the future, and I feel that any second something terrible is going to happen to me. He pitches forward, face into the plate of spaghetti.
Um... oh no, sir, not exactly, I still feel very miserable, very much down in spirits.
Snuff it, sir... um... death, I mean, missus... Er... I just want to die peacefully like with no... pain.
That is correct, sir. And then all I can think about is like trying to snuff it.
That's right. Er... I can't listen to the 9th any more at all. When I hear the 9th, I get like this funny feeling.
Oh well, it's... it's not all music you see, Missus. It's just the 9th.
And it just so happened that while they were showing me a particularly bad film, of like a concentration camp, the background music was playing Beethoven.
Well, er, I think that was something that they hadn't planned for, you see, Missus, I'm very fond of music and always have been, especially Beethoven, Ludwig van... Beethoven. B... E... E... He leans over and looks at her writing in notebook.
Tell me more, Georgie Boy.
Come, come, come, Georgie Boy. You're a big strong chelloveck like us all. We're not little children, are we, Georgie Boy? What, then, didst thou in thy mind have? Confrontation. Georgie backs down.
Good. Real horrorshow. Initiative comes to them as waits. I've taught you much, my little droogies. Now tell me what you have in mind, Georgie Boy.
And what will you do with the big, big, money? Have you not everything you need? If you need a motor-car, you pluck it from the trees. If you need pretty polly, you take it.
New way? What's this about a new way? There's been some very large talk behind my sleeping back, and no error. Let me hear more.
Appy polly loggies. I had something of a pain in the gulliver so had to sleep. I was not awakened when I gave orders for awakening.
Thank you, Fred. Thank you. Minister turns and signals. Door opens and a crowd of cameramen and reporters rush in. Aides push two 6-foot loudspeakers and a Hi-Fi on a trolley.
Surprise?
As an unmuddied lake, Fred. As clear as an azure sky of deepest summer. You can rely on me, Fred.
Certainly, sir. What do they call you at home?
Well, who can blame them, sir?
Helping you, sir?
What job and how much?
Where is he now, sir?
Thank you, sir.
I've suffered the tortures of the damned. The tortures of the damned, sir.
Yes, sir, and a very lovely place it is too, sir, when I wake up in the middle of the night with my pain.
Hi, hi, hi there, my little droogies.
Was I alright, sir? Did I do well, sir?
No, sir, I feel really great.
She came towards me with the light like it was the like light of heavenly grace, and the first thing that flashed into my gulliver was that I would like to have her right down there on the floor with the old in-out, real savage. But quick as a shot came the sickness, like a detective that had been watching around the corner and now followed to make his arrest. Alex retching. Minister rises.
Thank you very much for this chance, sir.
The accidental killing of a person, sir.
I did, sir.
What gives, O my Pee and Em, what makes you think you are welcome? Em sobs. Pee comforts her.
What's gonna happen to me then? I mean that's my room he's in - there's no denying that. This is my home also. What suggestions have you, my Pee and Em, to make?
What about Basil? Where's my snake?
No thanks, Mum. It'll pass in a minute...  ... What have you done with all my own personal things?
How do you do, Joe? Find the room comfortable, do you? No complaints?
Hey, Dad, there's a strange fella sitting on the sofa there munchy- wunching lomticks of toast.
Well, still the same old place then, eh?
That's right, Dad they did a great job on my gulliver, I'm completely reformed.
Well - I'm back.
Well, how are you then?
Keeping fit then?
And, O my brothers, would you believe your faithful friend and long suffering narrator pushed out his red yahzik a mile and a half to lick the grahzny, vonny boots. The horrible killing sickness had wooshed up and turned the like joy of battle into a feeling I was going to snuff it. Minister rises.
Let me get up.
I wanna be sick.
I'm gonna be sick.
Why did you do that, brother? I've never done wrong to you.
Sorry, brother. I didn't mean any offence.
No, brother. What d'you want?
Why do you say that, brother? I had a shower this morning.
The next morning I was taken to the Ludovico Medical Facility, outside the town centre, and I felt a malenky bit sad having to say goodbye to the old Staja, as you always will when you leave a place you've like gotten used to. Chief Guard briskly leads the way for Alex and escort. They move into reception hall where the Doctor stands.
You're absolutely right, sir.
Yes, sir.
No, sir.
No, sir.
No, sir.
No, sir.
No, sir.
No, sir.
No, sir.
No, sir.
Blue eyes, yes, sir.
Fair hair, sir.
Yes, sir, Church of England, sir.
C of E, sir.
No, sir.
No, sir.
Yes sir.
Yes, sir.
Murder, sir.
Alexander de Large, sir.
Yes!!!
Yes!!!
I just don't understand about feeling sick the way I did. I never used to feel sick before. I used to feel like the very opposite. I mean, doing it or watching it, I used to feel real horrorshow. I just don't understand why, how what.
But it was horrible.
You mean, I have to viddy two sessions in one day?
Well, that's good. I like to viddy the old films now and again.
You mean like going to the pictures?
What exactly is the treatment here going to be then?
Vitamins will it be then?
What's the hypo for then? Going to send me to sleep?
I hope so, Missus. She inserts a needle into the medicine vial.
I realise all that, Missus, and I'm very grateful to all concerned.
Fine... fine.
Good Morning, Missus. Lovely day, isn't it?
And when do I get out of here then?
How many did I get right?
I was quite enjoying that.
I hope so. Is that the end then?
Fucking hell...
Eggiwegs. I would like to smash 'em. Pick up th elot and f... owww... He slams his hand down and cries out with pain.
Excuse me, missus. No time for the old in-out, I've just come to read the meter. Slide of bird's nest with eggs.
Bollocks. You know what you can do with that watch? You can stick it up your arse. Slide of nude woman in bed, a man at the window.
That's right and I'll smash your face for you, yarblockos. Slide of watch shop.
Right... Knickers... Cabbages... It doesn't have a beak. Alex laughs. Slide of woman speaking to boy.
I just say what the other person would say?
Righty, right. The doctor reads aloud the dialogue printed in the cartoon balloon - a peacock.
Oh.
Well, when I was all like ashamed up and half awake and unconscious like, I kept having this dream like all these doctors were playing around with me gulliver. You know... like the inside of me brain. I seemed to have this dream over and over again. D'you think it means anything?
Ohhh... jolly good. Perhaps you can explain me something to me first.
What are we going to do? Talk about me sex life?
Psychiatrist? Huh, do I need one?
I haven't seen you before.
Fine. Fine.
But, Sir... Missus... I see that it's wrong! It's wrong because it's like against like society. It's wrong because everybody has the right to live and be happy without being tolchocked and knifed.
You needn't take it any further, sir. You've proved to me that all this ultra-violence and killing is wrong and terribly wrong. I've learned my lesson, sir. I see now what I've never seen before I'm cured, praise Bog!
Yes!!!
That!... Using Ludwig van like that! He did no harm to anyone. Beethoven just wrote music.
Let me be sick... I want to get up. Get me something to be sick in... Stop the film... Please stop it... I can't stand it any more. Stop it please... please.
Then there was like a sea of dirty, smelly old men trying to get at your humble Narrator, with their feeble rookers and horny old claws. It was Old Age having a go at Youth and I daren't do a single solitary thing, O my brothers, it being better to be hit at like that, than want to be sick and feel that horrible pain. The Tramp crowd round Alex, shouting.
Leave me alone, brother. I've never seen you before. Tramp shouts to other Meths drinkers and Tramps.
Oh - and what's so stinking about it?
One thing I could never stand is to see a filthy, dirty old drunkie, howling away at the filthy songs of his fathers and going blerp, blerp in between as it might be a filthy old orchestra in his stinking rotten guts. I could never stand to see anyone like that, whatever his age might be, but more especially when he was real old like this one was. The boys stop and applaud him.
Instruct thy son and he shall refresh thee and shall give delight to thy soul.
I don't understand about the whys and wherefores, Father. I only know I want to be good.
I don't care about the danger, Father. I just want to be good. I want for the rest of my life to be one act of goodness.
But it is being used, isn't it, Father?
I don't know what it's called, Father, all I know is that it gets you out quickly and makes sure that you never get in again.
These things get around, Father. Two Warders talk as it might be, and somebody can't help overhearing what they say. Then somebody picks up a scrap of newspaper in the workshops and the newspaper tells all about it. How about putting me in for this new treatment, Father?
No Father. It's nothing like that, Father. It's about this new thing they're all talking about. About this new treatment that you out of prison in no time at all and makes sure you never get back in again.
Father - may I ask you a question in private?
And, Father, I've never been guilty of any institutional infractions, have I?
I've done my best, have I not?
Father, I have tried, have I not?
If thou lose hope being weary in the days of distress, thy strength shall be diminished.
