Save the words ... Just send back my credit card.
What? You want the Plaza? Don't be foolish. Here. Take this, too.  This is my place on Prince Street. It's got my phone, everything. Call if you need me ... but you won't. Everything's gonna work out. You just get outta town as fast as you can. The New York police can be effective when they want to be.
Here. I've got every credit card ever printed. Take this. Stay here till you can arrange to get away. It's on me.
I'm sure. You've got nothing but troubles waitin' for you here.
Glorious. I'm not surprised. I fed you enough of that stuff to send a horse to heaven. I'm just glad you came back.
Well that's good to know.
Better living through chemistry, that's my motto.
And no more demons. I told you they'd be gone.
Just relax.
Pleasant dreams.
It's strong stuff.
"Yea though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death I shall fear no evil," but no one ever said I wouldn't be shittin' in my pants every step of the way, huh?  Stick out your tongue.  That'a boy. Now why don't you just lie down and relax.
Don't worry. Take it. It'll free your head. Come on.
I'd hoped I'd never have to. Just open your mouth and stick out your tongue.
I came up with the formula back in Nam but I never got a chance to use it.
Hey, I'm not the problem. You've got bigger problems than me.
Sometimes. When it's convenient.
Because I can get rid of the demons. I can block the Ladder. I have an antidote. We can kill them off, chemically speaking. They'll all disappear. It's chemistry, my friend. I know. I created it. Come with me. I can help.
The truth can kill, my friend. Five hundred men died out there. This isn't a story they'd ever want out. When Paul's car blew up I realized the scope of the thing. I knew they meant business.
I always suspected the effects might come back. That's why I had to follow you. I had a hell of a time getting hold of your records.
Yeah. But not with the Cong.
A couple of days later. It was fierce. You guys never saw it.
A couple days later they decided to use the Ladder, on one test battalion. Yours. Just in an infintessimal dose in the food supply, to prove its effectiveness in the field. They were sure your unit would have the highest kill ratio in the whole goddamn offensive. And you did, too. But not the way they tnought.
Anyway, this big offensive was coming up. Everyone knew it; Time Magazine, Huntley-Brinkley. And the brass was scared 'cause they knew we couldn't win. Morale was down. It was gettin' ugly in the States. Hell, you remember.
That's what they called it. A fast trip right down the ladder.  Right to the primal fear, the base anger. I'm tellin' you, it was powerful stuff. But I don't need to tell you. You know.
Right. They were worried. They figured you guys were too soft. They wanted something to stir you up, tap into your anger, you know? And we did it. The most powerful thing I ever saw. Even a bad trip, and I had my share, never compared to the fury of the Ladder.
No shit. They had me by the balls. Next thing I know I'm in Saigon ... in a secret lab synthesizing mind- altering drugs. Not the street stuff mind you. They had us isolating special properties. The dark side, you know? They wanted a drug that increased aggressive tendencies.
Next thing I know I'm on Rikers Island. Ever been there?  Suddenly they take me from my cell to the visitors room with those bank teller windows, you know. Four army colonels, medals up their asses, are standing on the other side. They tell me if I'll come to Vietnam for two years, no action, mind you, just work in a lab, they'll drop all the charges and wipe the record clean. Well, I'd only been in jail for thirteen hours and I already knew that Nam couldn't be any worse.
So first I'm arrested, right? Best LSD I ever made, right down the drain. I figure this is it, twenty years in the joint, if I'm lucky. That was '68.
Observation, mainly. Clinical study. You were one of the survivors.
Surprised, huh? I told you you'd know me. I've been tracking you for a long time. I just wish I'd spoken to you before tonight.
