You're detestable.
You're just doing your job.
Not today, Burgel.  Send one of your memos, write up one of your communiques, but for God's sake don't bother me today.
Say what you like -- no one pays the least attention.
I do.  Always.  You understand the world better than any of us, Kafka.  And what it's becoming.  I've always held you in the highest regard.
I know better than you what people will say when they have to.  When they brought me in for questioning I informed on my friends the very first day.
I think you've just escaped for the moment.  Just as I did.  As Eduard did.  As they let us do. But only for the moment.
Why should I believe a man who never believed me?  They're absolutely right, you know -- guilt should never be doubted. It's easier that way.
I know there is.  And you're what I have to bargain with. For now you're the last one in their way.
I know how they reward failure. If they saw this I'd be rotting in the quarries by the afternoon -- with all the others.
This is the result of their elixir of youth.  They were to come and check on it during the night.  I contrived to miss the appointment.
Only two steps back?  Even the man they left to guard me retreated further than that.
Should I tell you why I joined our late lamented nihilists? Why I became a murderer? Because murder ... is bliss.  It's easier than you might think to absorb and assimilate Evil -- once you've adopted its procedure.
Over?  It's only over when you can crawl to a clean little spot on earth where the sun sometimes shines and you can warm yourself a bit.
I knew you walked this way to work.  I wanted to find you before they did.
What seems important to these people is not determined by the amount of work it entails -- you're far from understanding the authorities if you believe that.
Or what if there really <u>was</u> an error? -- I don't know what kind -- any kind that needed correcting -- and what if Burgel was responsible for it?  One mistake -- even a small one in a firm like ours -- it could cost him a promotion.
And Burgel is the bringer of messages, isn't he?
How often does one of our clerks have business in the house of records?
Of course he is -- the Castle precincts are not the safest part of the city after dark.  People disappear up there regularly.   If you want to lie in wait for someone, that's the place to do it.
He used to like me -- very much more than I liked him.
Burgel hated Eduard.  And me.  I'm sure he knew about us -- and I'm sure it drove him mad.
It's still easier for you to understand suicide, isn't it.
You might think -- I thought so myself at first -- that Burgel's too insignificant to be dangerous. But that's the very reason to beware! It's the small men to watch out for -- the ones who substitute method for character.
I wouldn't put it past him.
Of course it could -- Burgel's been trying to get me thrown out as long as I can remember.  <u>He</u> could've killed Eduard.
They're not obliged to tell.
Burgel! -- I didn't leave it with him.
I'm collecting Eduard's things. If there's anything you want, take it or I'll give it to charity.
Yes -- which is why "quiet, dependable people" have to take charge of their own lives.
You think what we're doing is so wrong?  And what are you doing? Pursuing goodness?  For what?  To answer to some supreme tribunal?
When you only see someone sitting at a desk all day, it's liable to create a false impression.
You're shocked at the thought of Eduard tossing a bomb through a window.
He was murdered.
He was summoned to help correct a minor discrepancy of some sort in the Medical Records Division. Apparently one of his claims was relevant.
The day he died, Eduard was called up to the Castle.  Did you know that?
You strike me as a man with a defined notion of injustice -- a high concern for the lot of your fellow men.  And yet you're able to remain an outsider.  With the concomitant air of ... superiority?
I nominated you as a possible candidate.  You were Eduard's good friend.  He read me some of your work.
They're ubiquitous.  What we try to do ... is make them a little less so.
You won't have any trouble finding it.
I'm suspicious of men who want to marry.  I believe they think it's the only thing that will make them equal to their fathers.
Eduard wanted to marry me.
You almost married recently, didn't you?
There are some people I'd like you to meet.  Can you come to the Musil district at eight o'clock?
Are you free tonight?
The very fact that they're authorities should give you reason. People will do anything to protect their own interests.  For all you know he was killed at the <u>hands</u> of the police.
And you believe everything the authorities tell you.
Do you think people in the New Town care what happens over here?  This will always be the ghetto.
Eduard didn't see it as something that needed bearing.
Two or three months, that's all.  -- I seduced him.
As long as it's on their terms. If your work and your private life don't correspond to their specifications you're labelled a dangerous agitator -- with no recourse whatsoever.
What's funny?
It's not that we wanted to deceive anyone -- but you know how these things are looked upon at the office.
What?
He would have.  You were his best friend.  A better friend than me.
I was having an affair with Eduard.  He didn't tell you?
Yes.
Have you looked?
Hello again.
Excuse me, I have to copy this for Central Docketing by 2:30.
One of you must be mistaken.
Why would you suppose so?
I know.
