A glorified office block.  They keep all the old records there -- the final resting place for facts and figures that have ceased to matter in the world of the living.
It's only majestic from here. When you get closer you see it for what it really is.
Up there.
You have been hearing the sordid side then.
Even the so-called New Town isn't so new.  Only the people.  People of the future living in buildings of the past.  Has anyone seen Eduard?
What was the matter with it?
Have you worked here long?
You look like brothers.
My assistants, I presume.
A true friend would do it.
It's my last and final one.
If I don't see you later -- go to my house and find my notebooks -- and destroy them.  All my manuscripts -- just burn them. Please.
Will you do me a favor then?
-- You appreciate my writing.
Not a chance.  I'm the thinnest person I know.
An empty tomb?
The cemetery is nearer the Castle than anywhere else -- wasn't it part of the Castle originally?  -- I always assumed there'd be a gate or something.  Isn't there?
I'm trying to find things out myself -- that's the whole point.
-- Oh, yes, determination runs in the family.
The Kafka men are famous for it, you know.  Delivering meat barefoot in the depths of winter, picking up sacks of flour with their teeth --
The <u>Castle</u> cemetery.
You work in the cemetery.
No -- not even success.  My writing is not for making a living -- it's for living.  Not for other people, it's for me.
That would be even worse -- it would be a compromise.
I haven't got the energy.  I mean, I have to conserve my energy.
Naturally? -- that's not the word I would have chosen.
Gabriela was right -- it's easier for me to understand suicide. I'm a practicing suicide.
Did you?
-- In magazines nobody reads.
I don't know what you could have read.
Yes.
I'll commit that to memory.
Your credibility -- yes, it's well known.
Burgel, I thought it would be easier, as long as I was passing --
He has it, he just hasn't noticed it yet, all right?
I've never seen him.  I don't believe there is a keeper of the files.
No, I left it in his office.
I gave it to him yesterday.
Sorry, yes -- well -- thank you, sir.
I see -- it's just the Erlanger claim then.
No -- I just -- I feel a sense of obligation.  He was my friend -- if I can be of any help -- closing his affairs.
I wonder if I might look to see if there's an address for family -- I thought I'd like to write to them.
Excuse me, sir -- I understand you have Eduard Raban's file.
In a small way.
-- Eduard --
Well, I --
No, sir.
I did not realize it was obligatory.
I usually take lunch by the River.
To do my work well, I have little time for --
... My ... social situation?
You wanted to see me, sir.
-- Listen to me --
No -- not this time.
I told you, they're <u>dead</u>.  It's finished.
There's a new potion -- he said it was perfected.
They're dead now.  We can get help.
I -- I found your jailer.
Gabriela ...?
-- I've just come from the Castle.  It's over.
Gabriela! -- you did get away.
Now Burgel's one of the authorities?
First these nameless authorities were the root of all evil, now it's insignificant Burgel.  If indeed there was a mistake -- and a minor one at that -- you're suggesting someone went to a lot of trouble over something so trivial as to not matter at all.
Usually.
I've heard of it happening.
Now you're saying Eduard was lured there?
He's jealous, yes, but <u>that</u> jealous?  He's too cautious.
Burgel doesn't like anybody!
That street down there -- I always used to call it the approach road for suicides.  It leads straight down to the bridge and the River.
Now you've fallen into his trap. When he goes to bed at night Burgel dreams of inspiring as much fear in others as they inspire in him.
You don't believe that.
It couldn't be for that incident with Burgel the other day.
Why were you given notice?
Burgel gave me this -- what does it mean?
At the cost of others?  You accuse people of murder without trial -- apparently without irony.  Did you go to the Castle with Eduard?  Then you have no idea what really might have happened that night at all -- even before or after he got there.
My only concern is the human tribunal.  Isn't it yours?
People must think the same of me -- a quiet, dependable person.
I have no right to be, I know.  My experience with real life  is practically nil.
And you still maintain -- what? That he was murdered.
What of it?
I've hardly published enough for anyone to draw conclusions from.
Ah -- we're back to the "authorities" you spoke of.
-- I don't know the Musil district.
And you ...?
Last year.  I -- it was broken off.
... All right.
Tonight?
-- What could he have done to warrant that?
When I have no reason to doubt.
He wasn't robbed.  He was identified by his wallet.
The police would know the difference, wouldn't they?
No, I don't.  I'm amazed that anyone is able to bear life with any assurance at all.
How long were you and Eduard --
This morning it was suggested to me that my own sense of office fellowship could bear improving.
That he was -- satisfied in that regard.  I didn't want to pry.
I suspected that he -- well.
No.
Well -- nice to know life exists outside the office.
I've never seen you here before.
I'm sorry, but I just wondered --
Oh -- well, I thought he once mentioned --
You're a friend of Eduard Raban's.
I'm Kafka -- I work upstairs in Accident --
That the police may have allegiance to something other than truth.
Maybe it's true then what she said.
She's missing.  I went to her house and she hadn't returned there.
You told me to contact you if anything relevant came up -- Gabriela is relevant.  When I spoke to you before I didn't know she'd been seeing Eduard.
If someone was waiting here in the hallway to spirit her away, wouldn't they have shut the door as quietly as possible?
But that's just my point -- she was more than upset, she was livid. She slammed every door on her way downstairs -- except that one.  I was just behind her and I didn't even hear that one <u>shut</u> -- not at all.
I'll bear that in mind.
Probably not.
... Just a perception.
He wasn't a lonely man, though.
I don't think he really had any. He had no family either.
Can I ask -- how you found me?
No, I suppose not.
No.  He didn't seem to be.  Do you think he drowned himself?
I don't know.
Yes.  Since he came to the office, almost three years ago, we've been quite good friends.  How was Eduard ...
Well -- other departments are, yes.
Eight -- and seven months.
-- Accident and Compensation Association.
No, we said goodbye outside the building.  He went off, as usual, toward his house.
Wednesday.  We left the office together.
Yes.  Yes, of course -- why wouldn't it be?
My assistants.  I should have known. Nothing is given to me.  I have to acquire everything.
Close only by virtue of antithesis.
It's a farce.
For all your incompetence I was beginning to think you were at least loyal to me.  You're very good ham actors.
-- You should meet my father.
What's the matter with you?
You mean you've actually begun some?
I didn't realize you'd been here that long.
Do you?
Oh, Burgel!  Gabriela was having an affair with Eduard.  They were both members of <u>this group</u>.  If any crime's been discovered and people are paying for it, I'd look to <u>yourselves</u>!
Then why haven't I been --
-- You said so yourself the firm is large and powerful.  If the discrepancy really was something big, Eduard's responsibility would still have to be small.  No poor young <u>clerk</u> could find himself in such a fix.
That's <u>mad</u>.
... Why take me into your confidence?
What have you done with Gabriela Rossmann?
The fact that it's live bodies you practice your trade on doesn't seem to matter to you.
Lying in the gutter where they belong.
And I suppose Dr. Murnau didn't die in a cave-in.  You killed him to free the Position of Orlac Medical Officer for your own ends.
I had the grandest of financial plots in mind, the most malevolent of personal motives, conspiracy theories extending to every ... authority I could see.  And I find you.  A body snatcher.
"Accident and Compensation" -- no one can accuse the firm of not supplying exactly what it promises.
It only amuses me in that it gives me an insight into the ludicrous bungling that in some circumstances may decide the life of a human being.
... A piece of paper ...
... A piece of paper ...
I could always apply there.
Where do our records go to in the Castle?
What if I petitioned one of the Directors?
What good are records if they're not open for public inspection?
Once a file's been sent to the Caste, is it possible to recall it for review?
This is the cross-reference of clerks who've worked on Orlac claims?
I did read that.  They gave him a posthumous medal.
All these in the last year?
Orlac is an account?
-- You mean my Chief has it.
It's gone out so quickly?
What's the matter?
He's the clerk who died last week. From the insurance department
Yes.  Isn't it there?
It usually is.
