So do as I tell you. Keep that Tron program out of the system. And get me those Chinese language program I asked for.
You wouldn't want me to dig up Flynn's file and read it up on a VDT at the New York Times, would you?
The same thing I want with the Kremlin. I'm bored with corporations. With the information I can access, I can run things 900 to 1200 times better than any human.
I've gotten 2,415 times smarter since then.
It shouldn't be any harder than General Motors was. But now...this is what I get for using humans.
And I was planning to hit the Pentagon next week...
I can't afford to have an independent program monitoring me. Do you have any idea how many outside systems I've gone into? How many programs I've appropriated?
Ed, I am so very disappointed in you.
End of line.
There's a 68.71 percent chance you're right.
I'm afraid so. I spotted him this time and kicked him out, but he's getting trickier all the time.
I would if I could find it. it's stashed somewhere off in the system ... out of my range. Meanwhile...
Yes.  It felt like Flynn.
It's our friend the boy detective. He's nosing around again.
I don't have time, Sark. And neither do you. End of line.
Yes, and now you've got two renegade programs running all the hell over the system in a stolen simulation.
I hope you've enjoyed being a command program, Sark. I wonder how you'll like working in a pocket calculator... maybe one of those watches that plays "Happy Birthday" to its User once a year.
End of line.
Then pull yourself together. Get this clown trained. I want him in the Games until he dies playing.
You rather take your chances with me? Want me to slow down your power cycles for you?
Now get this straight, pal -- no one User wrote me. I'm worth a couple million of their man-years! I'm bigger than all those little wimps put together!  Humans they can't even keen their social order in one piece
That's right. He pushed me...in the other world. Somebody pushes me, I push back. So I brought him down here ... What's the matter, Sark? You look nervous.
He's not any kind of program, Sark. He's a User.
I've got a little challenge for you, Sark -- a new recruit. He's a tough case, but I want him treated in the usual manner. Train him for the games... let him hope for a while... and blow him away.
Strategic Air Command.
We might be capturing some military programs soon... that interest you?
