Twice.
Working, thank you.
Oooooh... before or after he sliced and diced.
You got it.
Listen to me, Sid. I found Tatum. She's dead, she's been killed... I think Stu did it.
Don't shoot. It's me.
She's the Scream Queen.
No, Sid.
Don't listen to him. It's him. He's the one.
Yeah.
There are certain rules that one must abide by in order to successfully survive a horror movie. For instance: 1. You can never have sex. The minute you get a little nookie -- you're as good as gone. Sex always equals death. 2. Never drink or do drugs. The sin factor. It's an extension of number one. And 3. Never, ever, ever, under any circumstances, say "I'll be right back."
Not until TRADING PLACES in '83. Jamie Lee was always the virgin in horror movies. She didn't show her tits until she went legit.
There goes my chance with Sid.
What's Leatherface doing here?
We could be like two grief stricken students and we'll say really nice things about our good friends who were slaughtered senselessly.
I had 'em hid in the foreign section.
It's 1995 -- motives are incidental.
You're absolutely right. I'm the first to admit it. If this were a scary movie, I'd be the prime suspect.
So while they're off investigating a dead end, Billy, who's been written off as a suspect, is busy planning his next hunting expedition.
Because he's probably dead. His body will come popping out in the last reel somewhere... eyes gauged. See, the police are always off track with this shit, if they'd watch PROM NIGHT they'd save time. There's formula to it. A very simple one. Everyone's always a suspect -- the father, the principal, the town derelict...
Could be. Now that Billy's tried to mutilate her, you think Sid would go out with me?
Maybe Sidney wouldn't have sex with him.
There's always some stupid bullshit reason to kill your girlfriend. That's the beauty of it all. Simplicity. Besides, if it's too complicated you lose your target audience.
Because, obviously they don't watch enough movies. This is standard horror movie stuff. PROM NIGHT revisited.
You're such a little lap dog. He's got killer printed all over his forehead.
If you were the only suspect in a senseless bloodbath would you be standing in the horror section?
Yeah, I'm off early -- curfew you know.  Now that's poor taste.
We had a run in the mass murder section.
Did you really put her liver in the mailbox? I hear they found her liver in the mailbox.
Besides --  "Takes a man to do something like that."
It would certainly improve your high school Q.
And are the police aware you dated the victim?
Before she dumped him for Steve.
That was an ice pick -- not exactly the same.
