Three blocks down. Get in the car and go up that other street and then back down here. I'm going up the block.
I found the car! He's here!
They could be.
I watched him for fifteen years, sitting in a room staring at a wall, not seeing the wall, seeing past it, seeing THIS NIGHT. He's waited for it, inhumanly patient. Hour after hour, day after day, waiting for some silent, invisible alarm to trigger him. Death has arrived in your little town, sheriff. You can ignore it, or you can help me stop it.
Exactly what do you need?
You have the wrong feeling.
Sure...
Jesus!
If you do they'll be seeing him everywhere, on every street corner, in every house. Just tell your men to shut their mouths and open their eyes.
He was here, earlier tonight, and he may be coming back. I'm going to wait for him.
I am.  I met him fifteen years ago. I was told there was nothing left, no conscience, no reason, no understanding, in even the most rudimentary sense, of life or death or right or wrong. I met this six- year-old boy with a blank, cold emotionless face and the blackest of eyes, the Devil's eyes. I spent eight years trying to reach him and another seven trying to keep him locked away when I realized what was living behind that boy's eyes was purely and simply... evil.
I suppose I do seem a bit sinister for a doctor.
He isn't a man.
Could have...
They may be right.
Anybody live here?
I'll be here.
It's important.
I'd like to talk to you, if I could.
Sheriff? I'm Doctor Sam Loomis.
He was doing all right last night. Maybe somebody around here gave him lessons.
I'm wasting time.
You can get back on the telephone and tell them exactly what walked out of here last night. And tell them where he's going.
I notified everybody! Nobody listened.
You must have told them we shocked him into a grinning idiot. Two roadblocks and an all-points bulletin wouldn't stop a five-year-old!
Of course not.
He said something else. "It's all right now. He's gone. The evil's gone."
He asked me if I could help him find his purple lawnmower.
Move it!
Pull up to the entrance!
You don't have anything to worry about. He hasn't spoken a word in 15 years.
I couldn't if I tried.
It means... I see.
I see.
Ever done anything like this before?
If you say so.
Just try to understand what we're dealing with here. Don't underestimate it.
The driveway's a few hundred yards up on your right.
That's the idea. Here we are.
Thorazin.
...then he gets another physical by the state, and he makes his appearance before the judge. That should take four hours if we're lucky, then we're on our way.
