Steady on, Treves. Have a seat.
Well... I'll let you know if there's something in the afternoon post.
Frankly, Treves, it's not what I'd expected. A few small cheques. Well- wishers. Don't worry, these things undoubtedly take time.
Well, it's up to us then, isn't it?
Don't we?
Of course they will. They're reasonable men.
Excellent. We shall present them, along with the other particulars of the case to the committee. I want them to see, exactly, how horribly his body has been affected. You and I shall vouch for his inner qualities.
No, not that way. Broadneck and the others don't like to deal with patients directly. It makes them queasy... Do you have any photographs of Mr. Merrick?
You are quite right, Treves, this is an exceptional case. And I quite agree that the committee should see Mr. Merrick.
No you can't. You can't begin to know, no one can.
Can you imagine what his life has been like?
Treves. Well done.
I don't understand.
I'm sorry too. He simply doesn't belong here. He's be much happier somewhere else, where he could be constantly looked after. Believe me, Frederick, it's better that it worked out this way. Good day.
It was a nice try, Treves, but the man is so obviously mouthing your words.
Oh yes?
Fine, fine. You know, your dedication to this patient is an inspiring thing, Treves. But you must remember that this is a hospital, and there are many patients here. Patients who can be made well, and you owe them your first consideration. Just don't become so obsessed, old man, that you begin to neglect them.
He needn't. I have no desire to cause him any discomfort. Did you make those inquiries we spoke about?
Speaking is one thing, Treves, but can the man comprehend?
Two o'clock then... you know Treves... It seems this acquaintance of yours has become rather more than just an acquaintance.
Shall we say two o'clock tomorrow afternoon?
Singularly unpleasant chap... uh... I don't suppose there would be any harm in my meeting your... patient, Mr. Treves.
Mr. Treves, it's out of the question. I want to hear as soon as possible what the other hospitals can do. I'm sorry.
No, Treves, it's out of the question. Now if it was up to me, I'd say "Certainly, let's meet the fellow, by all means," I'm sorry, I simply can't speak for the other members of the committee.
I really don't think that's necessary Treves. I'm quite sure the committee will be able to make an equitable decision on the merits of the case, such as they are.
A few words? I thought he was imbecile?
Good! How is the patient?
Have you contacted the British Home and the Royal Hospital?
I certainly sympathize with your problem, Treves... Why don't you try the British Home, or the Royal Hospital for perhaps they would have a place for him.
Oh, is he a friend of yours?
What are your plans then, Treves... You are aware that the London does not accept incurables. The rules are quite clear on that point.
Deformed? Is that it. Then am I to assume that he is ultimately incurable?
Why isn't he in the General Ward, then?
A hospital is no place for secrecy, Mr. Treves. Doctors spiriting hooded figures about are liable to cause comment. Why wasn't this patient properly admitted, and why is he in isolation? Is he contagious?
Indeed!
Don't be mad. This muck can kill you.
You've acquired a taste for this?
Good morning, Treves.
I hope we can talk together again sometime. Good day.
It was a great pleasure to meet you, Mr. Merrick.
What is it, Treves?
Yes, of course... Well, it's been a pleasure meeting you, Mr. Merrick. Good day.
Of course. How long did you and Mr. Treves prepare for this interview?
Are you comfortable here?
I'm feeling very fit, thank you. How is your bronchitis?
How are you feeling today?
