...Am I a good man or am I a bad man?
But why did I do it? What was this all for? So John Merrick could live out his last days in peace and comfort? Or so I could become famous?
That I am very little different from him.
Oh... I've just been thinking about something that man Bytes said.
Hmmm?
You stay with me.
Yes.
John loves the house.
I've only got until two o'clock tomorrow afternoon, when Carr Gomm meets him. Somehow, between now and then I've got to make John Merrick at least seem like an intelligent man... Why am I fooling myself? Nothing short of John delivering the Sermon on the Mount is going to sway Carr Gomm...
I'm sorry... I don't know either. I just don't know.
And what qualities are those? Intelligence or stupidity?
I don't know. I can't explain it. If this is an intelligent man, trapped in the body of a monster, then I'm under a moral obligation to help free that mind, free that spirit as best I can, to help him live as full and content a life as possible. But! If he's an imbecile, who's body I can't treat and who's mind I can't touch, well, then my obligation is discharged. They can put him where they will; he won't be bothered, I won't be bothered, and everyone's conscience can remain free and untroubled. And that is my dilemma... what is in his mind?
He is. I mean, I've always thought he was. I think he must be. Is he simple? Or is that just something I've wished upon him to make things simpler for myself?
Well, I wasn't sure whether he was parroting me because that's all he was capable of, or whether he sensed that that's all I wanted to hear, and he was trying to please me.
I shouldn't be. We made great progress today. I taught him to repeat a few basic phrases. He did rather well, too, but I had to lead him every step of the way. Though frankly, at times I was unsure of who was leading whom.
No, I think a whiskey.
Yes, very well, I think. Are the girls in bed?
I'll join you shortly.
I'll get my bag.
What is it?
Did you see it?
Yes?
Now I think we really do understand one another.
So you can beat him? So you can starve him? A dog in the street would fare better with you!
You don't own this man!
All you do is profit from another man's misery!
I know what you've done to him and he's never going back to that.
You misunderstood. This man suffered a severe fall, if you take my meaning. He's my patient now and I must do what...
He's still very sick. Please come downstairs with me. I'll explain the situation.
Just a moment, how did you get in here?
Everything will be seen to.
You listen, you're not going to have much of a livelihood if this man dies. He's got the rale, he's very weak, and I don't know how much damage has been done by his "fall". Now stop wasting time and fetch a cab.
This man belongs in hospital.
Why is he sitting up like this? He needs rest.
He must have taken quite a fall.
What happened?
I intend to.
What do you mean?
Don't you think this is a bit premature? We don't have the backing yet to...
Please do.
But he's so afraid he's going to be carted off. I've promised him that won't happen.
Has the response picked up?
No, we don't. Their committees have informed me that they're unwilling to take Mr. Merrick, even if they were supplied with funds. They don't want him.
Do you think they'll go along with us?
Well, yes.
I could easily arrange...
Yes, I think I can.
Not me, sir. Mr. Merrick. He succeeded in spite of my shortsightedness.
Tell me, John, how did you know the rest of the 23rd Psalm?
How did you, know the rest? I never taught you the rest of it.
Yes, I'm very sorry to have wasted your time, sir. I just felt that I had to do anything I could to protect him.
And what was that, John?
Yes, I spoke to both the British Home and Royal Hospital for Incurables. I'm afraid that they weren't very encouraging, but they said they'd bring it up at their next committee meeting, so we should have their answers shortly.
...As I said, it's only a physical problem... but I do feel that Mr. Merrick is very flattered that you're taking the time and trouble to meet him, and he's most anxious to make a good impression, so he might seem rather nervous.
It's only a physical problem. He has trouble with certain sounds because of the constrictive deformity of the mouth. But he can talk, and has a great eagerness to make contact with people who will let him. So if you have any difficulty understanding what he is saying, just tell me and I'll make it clear.
...Yes, Sir.
Wh... whatever is most convenient for you, sir.
Thank you very much Sir. Shall we say in a few days then?
Then will you meet him, as a representative of the committee.
I don't agree. No one can make a reasonable decision about this man's future without at least meeting him. No doctor would presume to diagnose a patient he had never met.
Well sir, perhaps I should explain...
He's doing very well. In fact that's why I came to see you. I think that if I were to present Mr. Merrick to the hospital committee, then they would have a chance to see for themselves not only the extraordinary nature of the disease, but of the man as well. If the committee had a chance to speak with him, hear him say a few words for himself, I'm sure they would see him as a patient, rather than as a violation of the rules.
Ah, no sir. I had planned to see them in the morning.
Yes sir, I'll look into that.  Would you like to meet him sir?
No, more of an acquaintance.
Yes, I'm well aware of that. But this case is quite exceptional.
Yes sir.
Well sir, he's quite seriously deformed, and I fear the other patients would find him... rather shocking.
No sir, he's got bronchitis and he's been badly beaten.
Don't be frightened. He won't hurt you.
It's quite nutritious, sir.
Good morning, sir.
He's imbecile, no doubt from birth. He speaks, but... it's all gibberish. No, the man's a homeless idiot...  I pray God he's an idiot.
I don't know what I've got.
You'll know presently. At the meeting of the society. But until then, I beg of you Fox, keep it to yourself.
Oh nothing... nothing of any great importance.
Abominable things these machines. One can't reason with them.
Mmmm. Hodges, Pierce come closer. Mr. Hill, take hold of the rope please. It's a machine accident. I expect you'll be seeing a good deal of this.
How long has this man been here?
Yes.
Yes. There is nothing more frustrating, nothing that makes a physician feel more useless, than standing by watching his patient deteriorate. And when that patient is a friend, no... no, there's absolutely nothing I can do.
And yet, not once have any of us heard him complain.
I fear not, Mrs. Kendal. Even in the short time he was gone the size of his head has increased rapidly... as is his pain.
I'm very grateful to you, Mrs. Kendal. This is just the thing to help him forget his ordeal. John will be very excited.
John, I'd like you to meet one of the brightest lights of the British stage, Mrs. Kendal. Mrs. Kendal, John Merrick.
Goodnight John. Sleep well.
No, no, I wouldn't change a thing.
No, John, not one that I can see.
Yes John?
I'm glad, John. Goodnight.
Splendid. it's truly a masterpiece. Well, I suppose I'll be on my way now. I hoped your enjoyed yourself this evening.
Will the cathedral be finished soon, John?
It's for you, John. It's all for you. Go ahead, let them see you.
Stand up, John. Let them see you.
John.... how can you ever forgive me?
Are you sure? Because I can take it back.
Is it the one you wanted?
There is one more thing, John. Here.
Yes.
Yes, John.
You want a dressing bag, John?
Please John, it would give me so much pleasure to give you something. Something just for yourself. Isn't there something you would like to have?
How blind of me. Is there anything else, John, anything at all that I could get for you?
The cathedral is coming along nicely.
No John, I can't. I can care for you, but I can't cure you.
Yes, John?
Never, oh! Never, nothing will die. the stream flows the wind blows the heart beats Nothing will die.
John, there's someone here who would like to meet you. Would that be alright?
Good morning, John.
Your mother?
Oh, they're gone for the day... with friends.
Of course.
Oh, our relatives... the children.
Oh yes.
Not at all, John.
How is your tea, John?
That's a canopy, John.
John... what's the matter? John... why are you upset?
When one is invited to tea, one must look one's best.
You look splendid, John.
I promise you. You will never see the inside of that horrible place again. You will never, ever go back to the workhouse... or that man. It's a splendid room, don't you think?
Of course! What did you think?
Yes.
Very well, thank you. I have something for you, John. I'm sure you'll enjoy it, it's very popular.
Good evening. How are you feeling?
We do have a lot to talk about, don't we?
I never thought to ask. How can you ever forgive me?
Why did you let me go on like that, teaching you what you already knew? Why didn't you tell me you could read?
...Yes potatoes... but...
Mr. Merrick likes the food here. Don't you John?
John, may I introduce you to Sir Carr Gomm.
Very good, very good. Now, when your visitor comes today I want you to say it exactly the way you said it just now. I will introduce him to you and you will say the words you've learned. If you have any trouble with any of the words, I'll help you. I'm sure you'll be just fine. If you do as well for him as you've done for me these last two days, then I'm sure our visitor will be very pleased. Now, let's go through the whole thing again, shall we? I will say "May I introduce you to Mr. Carr Gomm." And you will say...
Righteousness...
Why, my dear Mrs. Mothershead, how good of you to join us. Mr. Merrick, will you please introduce yourself?
Well, that's alright. I understand you. Now, say the whole thing again, Hello ...
Say "Mmmerrick."
Say "Mmmerrick."
Say "Merrick".
John Merrick.
My name is...
Excellent! Now, say... "Hello"
Very good! Oh yes! Now listen. I'm going to say some things to you and I want you to repeat them... um... I want you to say them back to me. Do you understand? I'm going to say some things to you and I want you to say them back to me. Do you understand?
That's much better. I could understand that "yes".
Yyyess.
Yes John!
So you see, John, there's no need for a lighthouse. All your friends are here.
John thinks it's very dashing. Something no gentleman should be without. I'm inclined to agree.
You don't think it's too gaudy, do you.
Yes. John wants it.
A dressing bag.
Thank you, Mothershead. Have a porter put them in my office.
You're right, Mothershead, please forgive me... Of course, I appreciate everything you've done for John, and I'm glad that you are concerned about his welfare. But, I'm the physician in charge and I must do what I think best. I'm also very late, so please forgive me.
Aren't you being just a little harsh, Mothershead? You yourself hardly treated John with much loving kindness when he first arrived.
Now Mothershead, you have to understand that this is very good for John. He relishes contact with people outside the hospital...
Oh?... Well, quickly please, Mothershead, I'm overdue.
Incredible, isn't it? Well, I think John has had enough visitors for one day, Mothershead. I've got a lecture at the college, I'll be back this evening.
I regret that I must leave you here, m' Lord, m' Lady. Thank you so much for coming. It was an act of the greatest charity.
I'm sure that if Mr. Merrick made a good impression on the hospital committee they'd see that he's the exception to their rule. Now I'm not expecting miracles. I'm not saying he'll be able to read or write, but I do think that I can get him to speak for himself. I'm going to arrange things with Carr Gomm right now.  That was very good, John, very good. That's all for today. We shall do some more tomorrow. Mothershead?
We've made tremendous strides today, Mothershead. He listens and repeats with great attention, and this certainly isn't easy for him.
He's had his share of "smacks", Mothershead. I expect that's what drives him under the bed. We must use patience and understanding with this man.
No, he's very upset about something.
Not quite yet, Mrs. Mothershead. There seems to be some difficulty this morning.
Yes! The workhouse!
Yes... Yes, let's go in.
Yes... Well, I want you to clear up a little mess, a breakfast tray was spilt. And bring up another breakfast. When you've done that, you and I shall give the man a bath. But, Mothershead, I'm counting on your many years of experience to get you through this, Above all, do not scream, do not cry out, or in any way show this man that you are frightened of him...
Good. Excellent. Now then, Mrs. Mothershead, I want you to come into this room with me. Inside there is a man with a rather... unfortunate appearance.
Ah, Mothershead. How are you feeling today?
YOU'RE THE MONSTER! YOU'RE THE FREAK! GET OUT! YOU'RE FINISHED!
YOU BASTARD! You tortured him. YOU TORTURED HIM, you bastard. WHERE is HE?
HE'S GONE!
Don't lie to me. I know all about it. You were SEEN. Where did you take him?
WHERE IS MR. MERRICK?
I'll send a cab. Here is my card.
So you'll bring him to me, tomorrow, 10:00 a.m.? Mr...?
Pardon me?
I'd pay handsomely for a private showing. Are you the proprietor?
Just one of the curious. I'd like to see it.
Are you the proprietor?
