No... You don't think...?
I found the Volvo.
Okay, one of us sneaks in, gets four ticket stubs off some kids in the audience, comes back out, and we all "re-enter" the concerto. Voila!
I think we should try sneaking in.
...Holy shit! I am in absolute trouble! I never should have let you drive, man! Absolute fuckin' trouble!
...I mean, my mom's got insurance. What's the worst thing she could do? Ground me for the entire year? I can handle that...
Here's a suggestion. Let's stop worrying about the concert for the time being and get the cops in on this Volvo situation.
DUDES!
Uh... dudes?
The paint!
Jeezis, Hawk, can you at least keep it within twenty miles of the speed limit?
We got you a change of duds when we picked up the car.
Now, how are we gonna do this?
Wait a minute. We ditching the rest of school?
Very funny, Hawk. Okay, I'm in on this hare-brained scheme, but if anything happens to my mom's car, I'm blaming you. I'll say you drugged me or something.
The hypothetical temperature characterized by the absence of heat and even the slightest amount of molecular activity? Yeah, I'm vaguely familiar
Sunday, but...
Hawk, all I need is one ding on the Volvo and presto! There are my balls hanging from the rearview mirror after she gets back from Cincinnati.
We are not stealing my mom's car.
But... but, St. Bernard's is way the hell over in the next county!
Too bad we're stuck in electronics or...
I have never heard a girl squeeze cheese in my entire life.
I've been in love with her since the second grade.
Check!
Yeah, she gives you shit and you take it.
Shit, that dork is Jam.
Stellas. I hate stellas almost as much as I hate dogs.
All I got is five. The rest is in the Volvo.
Okay, I'm just a little mad now! Jam, why'd you talk us into picking that bitch up in the first place!?
But we took the keys?
I can see that, bright boy. What happened to it?
Really, Trip, can we bore holes in your head and use it as a bong so it actually does us some good for a change?
Man, that weed knocked Christine on her ass. She's sleeping like a baby stella.
Trip, huck that out before it stains the upholstery!
Huh. St. Bernard's. Figures it's named after a canine.
Hello summer detention.
Simple-icity is more like it. And you guys thought Jam was in trouble before. Wait till Mrs. Bruce finds out he went to that concert with us.
The Chinese have a proverb: "That which appears too good to be true, usually is." There's gotta be a catch.
We won?!
Smug, Trip! Not snug, smug.
Trip, it's not the end of the world, okay? Quit acting all squeezed out.
Hey, take it easy, man. This is the girls' crapper, remember?
I knew it! I knew this was gonna happen! I had a bad feeling since last night. Remember? We are so totally fucked!
If your mom so much as smells those tickets, they're history, and we get screwed outta seeing KISS for the third year in a row, the third year!
Yeah, right. She wishes. Look at that big ass.
Trip, you fuckin' asshole.
Trip, a female gynecologist does not a lesbian make. And even if it did, at least my mom didn't give birth to me while she was on LSD.
Poor, Jam, man. Imagine having to stash your KISS records inside Carly Simon album covers. No question, Mrs. Bruce is a psycho-bitch from hell.
I had a nightmare once that something like this might happen. I hope he doesn't get grounded again. If he misses Peter Criss's drum solo, I don't know if he'll be able to handle it.
