Alright, calm down. I'm going to radio in for backup right now.
Jesus Gale what happened?
Wrong, this issue is Sidney Prescott!  And either Mr. Riley is going to obstruct justice or is going to put me in touch with her.  So, where is she?
Actually, there was more this time. This time, we found a picture too.
Ben Damon. Christine Perkins. Sarah Darling. Tom Prinze. That's four, last time I learned how to count.
Yeah, but, if I'm not mistaken, you said in your book that Sidney got it wrong before. She accused Cotton Weary of murdering her mother, and he was sent away for it!  Maybe there is a third killer.  Sidney Might know something
Whoever it is, now is taking credit for Maureen Prescott's murder.
Deal, but I'm still Detective Kincaid,ok?
In my fifteen years as a homicide detective I've never met a single soul as pushy and brazen as you are Miss Weathers.
I'm not at liberty to tell you that Miss Weathers. You're no longer working with the L.A.P.D. I don't even know why you're standing in here right now. By all means I should have you thrown out.
Yes well we have a suspect, so don't get that worried.
That's STAB 3, Miss Weathers. It looks like we're going to be getting a warrant to speak with Miss Prescott anyway.
Look, Miss Weathers, if there's a problem, give me a call. Here's my card. I'm always there.
I go to the police station and do my job, and you go back to being Gale Weathers.
And who would that be?
I've tried to get in touch with Sidney Prescott, but she's keeping herself very well hidden. You're my one and only hope in finding her. Her life may be in grave danger.
There's more.
I wish that was all Miss Weathers, but there's more. The killer left a note.
Both of them were found brutally murdered this morning under the Hollywood sign. Autopsy reports having come back to me yet but the bodies looked like something out one of the Stab films.
I'm sorry Miss Weathers. Allow me to introduce myself, MARK KINCAID, L.A.P.D.  Are you familiar with the actor Ben Damon, or the actress CHRISTINE PERKINS?
Catch him, or kill him.
Because, that means that we're dealing with an ordinary, flesh and blood killer.  And I know how to handle guys like that.
Here's the deal, I'm off to search the soundstage. That's good news.
What did you know about your mother?
Can't arrest ghosts.  But the best way to stop being haunted is to be with people.  You're here, you're not hiding, you've done the right thing, Miss Prescott.
I know what it's like to see ghosts that don't Go away.  To be watching a scary movie in your head, whether you want to or not,  watching it alone.
I'm a homicide detective, remember?  When you see what I see day in and day out, the violence that people do to each other, you get haunted. I think you know about that.
To me Hollywood is about death.
No, they tend to put me on the ones that deal with the business.  I grew up here, and I know my way around the studios.
All I know about movie trilogies is in the third one, all bets are off.
Call me Mark, would you?  Cause I'm gonna keep calling you Sidney.
You mean like, movie trilogies?
Are you sure?
The killer leaves a newspaper clipping at each murder, Sidney. Recently he's also left a photo of your mother.
Sid, get in my car. You're coming back to the station with me where it's safe.
Jesus Christ Sidney, what happened? I got a call on my cell from home. They told me that someone was attacked.
He could've monitored the calls on a scanner. Did you call her from the set?
What?  When?
Nice to finally meet you, Sidney.
What Rielly?
When it's a threat, you'll know it.
Who knows more about Maureen Prescott than her own daughter?
Before you jump to conclusions, the man in the picture, COTTON WEARY, is out of the country on business. His alibi checks out. Seems he's got a TV show in Australia, 100% COTTON. It's supposedly the biggest thing down under since Yahoo Serious, but that's besides the point.
Police are still searching through the debris. Could be days before we find her . . . that is, if she's even there.
That is for me to decide.  I need to talk to her Mr. Riley, she is a key element in this case.  I have a press conference in an hour, and I need to explain why there are four dead celebrities.
That's fine Mr. Rielly, but if anyone else should die, I'm going to have to get a warrant.
Mr. Rielly? My name is Mark Kincaid. I'm with the L.A.P.D. Are you aware	of last night's Events?
