What are these movies? 'Amazombies', 'Space Psychos' 'Creatures from theSan Andreas Fault'?
It may be Maureen Reynolds --
Well if you won't work for me, will you work for the president?
Well can you tell me if the woman in this picture looks familiar to you.
Does the name Maureen Prescott sound familiar to you?
I'm Gale Weathers, author of the Woodsboro and Windsor College murders, and anchorwoman for TOTAL ENTERTAINMENT. Maybe you've heard of me?
He killed Milton! The killer's  inside there! Oh God!  DEWEY! Dewey's in there too! He needs medical help! He's hurt!
Boys, boys, why don't we compare our gun calibers later?  The issue is Maureen Prescott!
OK, look.  We all know that this has something to do with 'Stab 3'.  What we do not know is why the killer keeps leaving articles about Maureen Prescott.
Four? There are five.
But we know who killed Maureen Prescott, Billy Loomis and Stu Macher.  I mean, they even told Sidney how they did it!
Please, call me Gale.
But you won't. You're a good man detective. We think alike. I know you need my help. And I know you know I need your help.
Who?
Shit. Sarah Darling.  I interviewed her too. God, it's happening again isn't it Detective?
Oh. I thought you wanted me to stick around.
Alright Kincaid, no where to?
I'd love to help, really I wouldn't mind being sliced at again by a maniacal psychopath, but I honestly don't know where Sidney is. After Windsor she dropped off the face of the Earth. The only other person that might know is, , not going to talk.
That's Sidney Prescott's mother.
A note?
So is that why you're here? Is that why you're holding me from my show, to tell me about some brutal homicide I'm not even involved in?
Well I interviewed Damon once for the show. He was a real obnoxious fuck. Any way, the second one, Christine Perkins, she had a part in Stab 2, didn't she? She was playing CICI.
Jesus Christ you scared the shit out of me.
Sure, why not. You did Save my life,Mr. Rielly.
Paternity test results. Christ Dewey, you're never going to believe who Milton's kid is.
Sidney, what happened?
I work better alone.  Why don't you do some snooping around the set?
I've got an idea, I'll hook up with you guys later.
Has anyone else every used your phone?
Do you have her number stored in your memory?  Phone memory!
Thank you.
What?
Amen boy scout, now answer the fucking door!
Fuck!
Neither are you, Magnum P.I.
I happen to work for the police god dammit!
Jennifer?! Wait, where are you going off to?
And who is that?
Right. Sorry.  Do you think he did it?
I'm sorry, this is too good!
Someone stole Sid's file?
And?
Always.
All of what Dewey?  You do know something, don't you?
Dewey, you're not just here because of that second rate K-Mart, straight-to-video version of me, are you?
It didn't work Dewey.  We tried,  we're different.
It was fucking '60 Minutes II'!  I couldn't say no!  I could've been the next Diane Sawyer!
You said you'd never leave Woodsboro, 'The only place that's real!'  But now you're here. Not with me.  Dewey, I took care of you.  I waited until you were well.  I couldn't stay there, I mean, it's like dog years, one year in Woodsboro is like seven everywhere else.
Again, I am the author of the definitive book on the Woodsboro murders.!  What about you?
Yes. Look, let's get something straight Dewey, I got into this shit cause the police came looking for ME. Not cause I'm out to make the SUNRISE STUDIOS SLASHINGS.
This has everything to do with me Dewey. I was the one who brought the nation's attention to this shit anyway. I'll be damned if I'm gonna sit around and pass on the buck again.
Uh-huh. Another News clipping. Another one about Sid's mom. Dewey, whether we like it  or not it looks like we're going to have to  go back into our past.
Show him.
Dewey, personal lives and pasts aside, this is about Sidney. We need to know where she is.
Would you excuse me for a moment?
Your life?
Roman, from your enthusiasm it certainly seems that way.  Honestly though,  tell us, what's	your favorite scary movie?
It's a pleasure to finally meet you, Roman.
Do you get any of my witty humor? I mean, you did play me for three movies.  His two hands, dingus.
Milton's not a killer. He's a pervert. He probably went out to buy more KY JELLY for his jack -off parties he has with his two best friends.
Settle down Beavis.  Why don't you tell us the truth?
Nobody said she was an actor.
Oh I wish I got that one on tape. It'd put a smile on my face everytime I'm down.
Really, you know you'd make a fascinating interview. Lifestyles of the Rich and Psychotic.
Possibly.
No really?
Ha. Maybe I should join SNL.
And as a sane person.  For you that must be quite a stretch.
None.
I am Gale Weathers!
What the hell are you doing?
No! He's not dead! He's still breathing! Look!
I dunno but I can tell you that your's will be the home video footage of me sticking my foot up your ass! Now come out and fight like a real man you pussy!
Listen you sick bastard, what the fuck do you want?
Who's phone?
I don't know. Screw them. Look, what's important is that we stick together. No matter what. If anyone is next it's you or me Jen.
Still that was a much better movie, I saw it at the premiere last week. God, what the hell am I getting sidetracked with this shit for?! We've gotta get down to business.
AND I DIE NAKED?!  UGH! This is complete bullshit. Who wrote this piece of crap?
Wait a second, whoa! Calm down! Number one there were five different versions of the script given out. Ben Damon was given a fake script because he was only being offered the role. It only had fragments of real scenes from the actual script. And what, I die in STAB 3?
Dewey, what the hell is she rambling about now? What's wrong Jen, see yourself on one of those USA NETWORK winners you did and realize how badly you suck at acting?
Are you saying she was-
Well how would you like his rotten carcass dug up and drug all over National TV? Why don't you start talking.
I don't think so!  Just what happened to Maureen when she was in Hollywood?
Just because you knew her?
And now? I mean, murders on your set and still you say nothing?
Answer the question. You knew Sidney's mom?
They're the ones who approved it.
Oh come on! Why the hostility?
Excuse me Detective, I think we have some business to attend to.
I think we should go inside. I have to have a talk with the cast. ALL OF YOU.
Heh, well, that's TV journalism for ya. Stage the news to boost ratings.
Tom Prinze, tanked as usual. That's a shocker.
Let's get out of here!
I know! He killed Kincaid!
We did some researching in the archives. Sid, something dawned on me when I wrote the book on your mother's murder. For two years of her life, 1969 up until 1971 she basically disappeared off the face of the Earth.
Who's this.
What'd he say?
Oh my God! Sidney, you ran fast or what?  Hey.
