Sure.
Well if you were in my shoes, dealing with those big Time Sunrise Studio producers like I do on a daily basis, you'd watch how quick your life goes from a Walt Disney picture to a Tobe Hooper flick.
Honestly, my life.
Well it's a honor to be here amongst so many fans of the genre. And I must say that any of you worried that Jerry Rapp, or Tori or David not returning to complete the STAB trilogy, have no fear, Roman is here. Aided with my excellent cast of newcomers I believe we're going to pull off one of the best Stabs yet.
Good morning Gale. Pleasure to be here.
See Sid, now comes the part where we get away with it! The part where we win! Cause face it Sidney, in this world, the bad guys win!
Wait a second Sid. Don't you go jumping the gun. You haven't seen the best part.  With the aides of the computer revolution of y2kI've been able to steal your voice.  Ain't it cool? Listen to what the police are gonna find next to your lifeless, mutilated body.
I'm a director Sid, I direct. For example, Angelina over there,  She's my partner. I can convince her to do anything.  We've been dating since I met her in Woodsboro.
Roman Bridger, director. And brother.  She slammed the door in my face, Sid. Said I was Rina's child and Rina was dead. And it struck me, what a good idea! So I watched her, made a little home movie, a little family film. Seems Maureen, mom, really got around. I mean, Cotton Weary was one thing, everybody knew about that, but Billy's father, that was the key! Your boyfriend didn't like seeing his daddy in my movies. Didn't like it at all. And once I supplied the motive, all the kid needed was a few pointers. Have a partner to sell out in case you get caught, find someone to frame, it was like her was making a movie.
My movie.
It's not just a new script, it's a new movie.
It is in my script.
It's Sarah.
But you know my favorite name?
Why don't we just read the scene?  Candy, is that like candy cane or candy apple?
Who's this?
Hello.
Page 22, Candy's big moment.
Um hmm...  umhmm great, so let's run the lines.
You're not happy with your part.
All right, since I got you on the phone, let's talk about your character.
Sarah, it's Roman, I'm sorry I'm running late, I'm still on the 405, I'm about 10 minutes away.
