Well, talk.
A traffic warden. Look, what's this?
I am not sure what's more worrying, the job or your past.
How much did you part with?
A month? So, my friend, what fucking good is that, if we need it in six . . . no, five days?
So how long do you have to wait 'till you see a return?
Stop fucking around, Tom, and think. What are we going to do?
He's a stroppy sod but he's got more balls than a golfer, only he doesn't know it. ' * Cut from completed film.
Jesus, Tom, do they work?
Yeah, but he has got to tell his Dad he is about to lose his bar.
At the bottom of a bottle and has been for two days; it's hit him hard.
The odds are one hundred to one so all we need is five grand.
Sex and sleaze and antique shotguns are all deep and dear in Harry's stone cold heart.
Apart from those shotguns.
Well?
Think about what you're going to say, Ed; we are on thin ice.
Scarface, I have watched Scarface. You want to know how to do a drug deal, you watch Scarface!
I think he's still alive. He's got claret coming out of him somewhere. What did they want with a traffic warden?
Let's have a butcher's. Jesus, there's lots of everything. We've got god knows how much of this stinking weed; we've got a shit load of cash; and we've got a . . . traffic warden.
Of course you will, sweetheart. This one, search this one. Ed finds the keys without any trouble.
It's happening tomorrow morning. Get back here now.
I don't know how you've reached that conclusion.
Let me tell you about Hatchet Harry. Once there was this geezer called Smithy Robinson who worked for Harry. It was rumoured that he was on the take. Harry invited Smithy round for an explanation. Smithy didn't do a very good job. Within a minute Harry lost his temper and reached for the nearest thing at hand, which happened to be a fifteen-inch black rubber cock. He then proceeded to batter poor Smithy to death with this; that was seen as a pleasant way to go . . . Hence, Hatchet Harry is a man you pay if you owe.
And nobody wants to live next door to the people that we live next to; a bit anti-social, you know.
Twenty-five from me, Tom, Soap and yourself; a hundred grand to the pound. You don't need to count it.
The Baptist got his name from drowning people for Hatchet.
Ed can run fast, talk fast, eat fast, and play cards fast, but he's fucking slow when it comes to spotting the roz.
Well whatever it is, could you get your man to turn the TV down?
I thought this was a pub.
No, I asked you to give me a refreshing drink. I wasn't expecting a fucking rainforest; you could fall in love with an orang-utan in that.
What's that?
