You had better be careful.
What are you doing?
Well, you had better go and get it from the office. That's if you want to see your son reach his next birthday. Now chop-fuckin'-chop.
Very fucking funny. Where's what I want?
Made a few quid, did ya? Now where is it?
We're not going next door until we've flayed these dead men walking. Count it out the back. I don't want them seeing you fingering that money as soon as they walk in.
The stupid bastards! Count it!
In fact it is a little more than a bit of a problem, isn't it? You could say that in the scale of these things this is the Mount fucking Everest of problems, couldn't you? . . . And the reason it is such a mon fucking-strosity of a problem is because you don't have the first fucking idea who did this to us, do you?
So we have a bit of a problem, don't we?
It is too late for you to start thinking John. It is a possibility and that is good enough for me. And after you strip the house, I want you to get every thieving slag this side of Ceylon and torture them, badly. I want to know who is responsible, otherwise I will hold you responsible.
I want you to search the house for bugs. I mean I want you to strip it.
How about you? All right?
OK, open the gate.
Who are you going to kill Plank? There's no one there.
Just give me the keys.
What the fuck did you do to Fauntleroy?
nan
And it better bloody not be. Once he is firmly in place, he gets the rest of us in. We'll get nasty with a couple of them, shit 'em up, scare and gag 'em. I can't see these wankers giving us a problem, but they might have a couple of tools hanging around like any cowboy. When the job is done we'll come straight back here. It's dark by then, unload and Robert's your father's brother. Everybody savvy?
What's that idiot doing next door?  We use your van. It's up some stairs this place, so we'll stick out like balls on a bulldog. Plank is going up first. There is a cage but it is never locked, is it Plank?
There is no such thing as easy in my experience and, if you think this is going to be easy, you're a dick. It may be easier than most but it's not going to be easy.
Is there no way they can get back to you?
What do you mean, never? Well what have they got it for, then?
What they like then?
So do you know these geezers well?
And the weed?
Where?
Plank?
Do you want me to take his leg off? Where's the fourth?
And all your friends, there's a good lad.
Right, his leg's going now.
Get the sodding gate open now, Plank.
What the fuck is going on?
