And Tom took care of them.
The traffic warden went to the morgue and recognized Dog and his lot so that put us sort of in the clear. They got no case against us because there is no evidence against us.
Well what?
He'll care all right. That was going to be his money. Whether he cares about us is different. Pass your phone.
That inspires confidence, that does.
I dunno, but I don't think we need him. Dump him at the lights.
Bacon, see what we got.
I'll meet you in the van when you have finished with handsome there.
Yes?
They can't report they have had all their drugs and money nicked, can they?
I'll think of something, don't worry.
Because it's cheap like a budgie.
I still will, if you don't mind.
Hatchet has a colleague, a monster of a man: Barry the Baptist.
The reason he is called BACON is he spent so much of his youth in the police station that people thought he was one of them. But he is a big boy now and it is time to move on.
Samoan Jo's? Yon mean the pub? Hold on . . .
Well we have got about a hundred thousand pretty pieces of paper with the Queen on it. Will that do?
Invitations?
I mean it's fucking empty.
There's nothing in it!
Tom, go and throw those guns off a bridge.
I don't know, but what I do know is that there's no more Harry, which means there's no more debt, and if there's no more debt there's no more problem, and there's no more problem with our neighbours because they are all dead. I think, if I get this right, we haven't done anything wrong anyway, which means we are in the clear.
Listen, if he has the guns he might have the money . . . I think we should go and see him.
It's either that, my old boy's place, and we lose a digit daily. I am going to call him.
There is nowhere else to keep it, and it's the last place they are going to look. Anyway the battle's over and the war is won.
That's it all done, we are off.
If you think I am going to war without one, you're mistaken, mate.
Why not? The whole of the British Empire was built on cups of tea.
Where did they get those outfits from? Haven't we got some like that, Tom?
No, just one of them is in charge of them going to the job. So I assume he will still
And we will just have to find out who's going to be carrying them.
Jesus, Soap, stop being such a mincer. I thought about that and...
Er, bad breath, colourful language and a feather duster! . . . What do you think they will be armed with? Guns, you tit!
Hit the fuckers.
Are you sure you can afford twenty-five?
The only item that connects us with the crime is sitting in your car which is sitting outside?
Tom?
Tom, don't mess around, let's go.
This is our money, Tom! . . . Now I think we should go.
Tom, this is our case.
You and me, Tom.
He said he thinks we have paid him, and he wants to talk about those guns . . . now.
Where the hell are we supposed to hide?
Everything all right out there, Tom?
Top of the list of priorities, how nice they look.
Why, what's up?
He means they're thieving dogs.
The man who decides if you can play is this man Harry, or Hatchet Harry as some including himself like to call him.
Bacon, the fat man and myself, and it's time to make a call to Harry.
I wanted to talk to you about that.
It's Ed, if that's what you mean.
Unless you are going to accept twenty quid.
I'll see ya.
That's if I want to see you.
I need two hundred and fifty grand.
I think I would rather just turn them over.
You will what?
That is quite a raise, one hundred and fifty on my hundred.
Yup, you must be Harry? Sorry, I didn't know your father.
A hundred grand.
