Drachmas, I hope. I would feel safer with a chicken drumstick. They could do more harm than good.
It's hit us all hard!
I would rather put my money on a three-legged rocking horse. The odds are a hundred to one for a good reason, BACON . . . it won't win. So where is Ed with all the bright ideas?
When the old bastard is not playing cards he's chasing a thousand debts that ill-fated individuals owe for an array of reasons.
What do you mean?
I don't think we will take the risk for seven hundred quid.
Well, what's going on?
You what? What are you on about?
I hope this is the right move.
You think it's a good idea taking it back to yours?
And look what happened to that.
No I fucking don't! You can't make a cup of tea, Edward.
Where the fuck are they going? To butcher a sheep? I thought this was a robbery.
Carrying them. They could all be carrying them for what we know.
Guns! You never said anything about guns. A minute ago this was the safest job in the world, now it's turning in to a bad day in Bosnia . . .
What was that, armed? What do you mean, armed? Armed with what?
Well, what do you want us to do about it?
Well that depends on how you look at it. I can afford it as long as I see it again, if that's what you mean. You got the rest from the fat man and Bacon?
OK, don't panic; let's think about this.
The money, the gear!
How the fuck should I know?
Er, well, twelve.
Twelve.
Six.
Tom, the fatter you get, the sadder you get.
I would take a pain in the arse for half a million.
What about all the gear?
What's left over?'
When the bottle in my arse has contracted I'll let you know.
Where did you get those from, a museum?
Well, excuse me, brother, mother or any other sucker, doesn't make any difference, they are still fucking guns, and they still fire fucking bullets!
Oh, you assume, do ya? What do they say about assumption being the brother of all fuck-ups?
Tom, you're all heart.
You're not funny Tom; you're fat and look as though you should be funny, but you're not.
That's going on optimism.
Get your fingers out of my soup!
Cupid stupid! That's the last time I am getting any more fruit off you Tom. Call that fresh? There was more small hairy armoured things in your fruit than there was fruit. You should open a butcher's, not a grocer's.
