Of course, but there's more --
Uh, V.I.P. security arrangements generally take some time, Senator.
Standing right here in my office.
Your prerogative, Senator.
-- nothing I can do about it unless you're suggesting I infringe on their civil liberties -- which I'd happily do if you'll just trim a little fat off the Constitution.
Senator, they stand out on the public highway with telephoto lenses --
Basically -- he asked me if I could unring a bell.
Well, if you had to go over my head, lieutenant, that's the way to do it.  Christ, nothin' like a 0-200 call from the Commander and Chief to get the bowels movin'.
I'm not sure what --
I don't see how, O'Neil.  Dismissed.
I find this as distasteful as you, lieutenant.  But if it's on my desk, it's on my shoulders.  There's going to be an inquiry -- it will not be quick and it will definitely not be pretty.  You should prepare yourself.
I don't know of any delicate way to say this, lieutenant, so I won't try.  Claims have been made that you have engaged in fraternization -- of the same-sex variety.  Specifically, that you were...  "... seen leaving the apartment of another female officer at such a time and in such a manner as to suggest conduct unbecoming."
Permission to evaporate, O'Neil.
"We'll all have lunch."  Good idea. Oh, and let's be sure to invite this sociologist, too -- just in case we want to have a FUCKING BRIDGE GAME AFTERWARDS!
You makin' friends with the press, lieutenant?
You'll get everything you want, O'Neil.  Let's see if you want what you're gonna get.
Then good night.
And if you just happen to wash out, I won't have to contend with you bitchin' to some hairy-chested female Senator?  And please note I did not identify any one in particular.
Straight up?
Well.  'Least now we're talking the same language.  So one standard.  Is that what you're after?
No, sir, WHAT?
What I resent, lieutenant, is some politician using my base as a test tube for her grand social experiment.  What I resent is the sensitivity training that is now mandatory for my men... the day-care center I have to build where an officer's lounge used to be... and the OB/GYN I have to keep on staff just so someone can keep track of your personal pap smears.  But most of all, lieutenant, I resent your perfume, however subtle it may be, competing with the aroma of my fine three-dollar-and-fifty- nine cent cigar, which I will happily put out this very instant if the phallic nature of it happens to offend your goddamn fragile sensibilities.  DOES IT?
Did you just barge in here and curse at your base commander?  If so, I regard that as a bonafide brain- fart, and I resent it when people fart inside my home.
Did you just have a brain-fart?
Because I was civil, now you're complaining.
Oh, really.
All right, lieutenant, give me a name and specifics, I'll have the X.O. file an action first thing in the morning.  A name?
Didn't take long.
If you were like everyone else, lieutenant, I suspect we wouldn't be making statements about not making statements, would we?  Take your leave.
Then that's all I have to say. Dismissed.
I'm not out to change your sex, lieutenant.  You'll have separate beds, separate heads.  If you have specific medical needs, inform the infirmary.  If a classmate or superior acts in an harassing or otherwise unbecoming manner, please inform me immediately so I can deal with it immediately.  Questions?
Don't worry about it.  If it's off your collar and out of your eyes, that's all I'm going to ask.
So.  We're still coming to terms with the exact protocol for this -- for integrating the Spec-Recon training.  It may not always be smooth, but we're trying to make it as painless as possible for you.
Would you care for a beverage?  Tea?
Yes, of course.  Please, have a seat, lieutenant...
