Then set out the good plates, we'll all have lunch.  My office will follow up with details.  Jumping off, now...
"Security"?  What the hell you talkin' about?  Your base isn't secure?
Jordan, dear.  How are they treating you?
Awright.  How's our girl doin', anyway?
Well, seein's how this thing is out, you let me handle the r.p.m.  From this point forward, I want all press matters coordinated via my office. I'll be god-damned if I'm gonna watch Hayes pull flowers out of his ass and take credit for this one. Him or the President.  This my shade?  "Midnight Mahogany"? 'Cuz I'm comin' dangerously close to lookin' like Ronald Reagan here.
Are you truly mouthin' off to a senior member of the Senate Arms Committee?  I mean, I'll give you points for style -- just nothin' for smarts.
-- and now I got reporters from Toadsquat, Iowa, calling my office and askin' what I know about this "G.I. Jane" thing.
Commander, are you of the habit of letting photographers traipse around your base snappin' their fill? These were supposed to have been discreet test cases --
She made it through S.E.R.E. training.  Got a call this morning from --
Yes?
Think I overplayed it?
I'll act surprised.
That aside for the moment, I'm struck by the tenor, the ill-spirit of your report... the degrading remarks by other aviators... innuendo about her performance in unrelated situations... even a reference to her sexual activity the weekend prior.  In my seven years on this committee, I've never seen a downed aviator treated like this.  Never.  I'm deeply disturbed by this report, Mr. Hayes.  Not just what it bodes for women in the military -- but for your own confirmation as well.
I'd like to think our next Secretary of the Navy would be prepared for anything, Mr. Hayes.
Yes, I see your signature right here -- twice the size of everyone else's.  And your conclusion was "pilot error," hmm?
The Navy's conclusion regarding the crash of an F-14 aboard an aircraft carrier.  Female aviator, it just so happens.  You're familiar with this report and its conclusion, am I right?
"The Lark Report."
Well, I'm just an old dame without much time left, so you'll pardon me if I jump right in here before they discontinue my blood-type.  I am deeply concerned over the Navy's seemingly incontrovertible attitude toward women in the military.  Case in point...
Whoa, whoa, whoa.  "Land-based maritime specialties." Gimme a second here to de-euphemize that...
Well, I spoke with Mr. Hayes this morning myself -- and told him the deal was off.  No more test cases. He was only too happy to oblige.  Don't play politics with me, little darlin'.  You'd be up way past your bedtime.
You'll think about my offer?
I've had no direct communication with him since this whole thing began.  And that's quite verifiable.
I once promised you a fast ticket, Jordan, and I always meant to make good on that.  Come work for me.  I can always use a hard-charger on my team.
The reality is this:  We send far too many men off to war.  I don't need to compound the problem with women.  Can you honestly tell me you wanted that life?  Squat-pissing in some third-world jungle with --
Jordan.  I don't expect you to fully understand this -- but sometimes there's more to be gained from the fight than the victory.
I'm saying it's not going to happen. Not when the President is set to turn this into a third-rail issue should I choose to ever campaign against him.  He will fry me six ways to Sunday for sending daughters and young mothers off to war -- and, quite possibly, for bringing them back in body bags.
In face, I do:  Roper, Harris, Gallop -- they all come back the same.
What he did was light the bandwagon on fire.  Because he knows what I know -- that American families are not prepared to put their daughters in harm's way.
Should probably ask him that.
Wickwire was there to help.  To be my eyes on the inside, to make sure you were getting a fair shot.  At least that was the intent.
Absolutely not.
Jordan.  Might we do this over lunch tomorrow?  I do very much want to talk, but now is scarcely --
Sounds familiar.
Jordan.  I always hoped we'd get together -- though just now I'm gearing up for a child-care vote that --
Gonna be visiting that all-woman's America's cup team in a few weeks -- If I were a gambler, I'd say Dennis O'Conner's days are numbered.  But they're in San Diego, so I thought I'd take a quick promenade of the base.
Hmmm.  Maybe I'll ask when I see you in person.
There'll be more to follow -- but yes, dear, right now you're the pick of a very large litter.  And your success would mean a lot.  Jumping, now...
Yes, dear.
My office will fill him in and help expedite.  Look forward to meeting you at the proper time.  Jumping off now...
This is just a test case, O'Neil. But if it works out -- if you work out -- it could well change the Navy's official policy on women in combat.  Or, actually, its official non-policy.  Now who's your immediate superior there?
California.
High-school pentathlete... ROTC scholarship, graduated with honors... top marks in Basic Training... and, as it just so happens, a constituent of my home state of Virginia.  Oh, the things I'll do for one extra vote.
So everyone I talk to says you're top drawer with silk stockings inside.
