"Yes, Jordan -- I'll wait for you no matter how long."
Look.  It's not like you'd be completely out of reach.  And maybe we could call in a few favors, get you stationed at Norfolk instead of Coronado.  There are ways of dealing with these things -- I mean, if people are so inclined.
I'd sure like to know who.
"Wickwire, Thomas Dane"... Second run at Coronado... and correct, they had him stashed in the "Appropriation Liaison Office," whatever that is.
What?
Well, pardon me if I do.  Now who else?  Who could've leveraged a class officer like that?  C'mon, Jordan, keep your head in the game.
Or like maybe he was baby sitting a problem child for the Navy.
"John James Urgayle."  The Chief.
Well, before you crawl off to die, Jordan, give me five minutes of good headwork.
Someone screwed you over like this, left unanswered charges hanging over your head, and you're not gonna fight back?
C'mon, Jordan.  Do the headwork with me.
The Chief?  Or maybe even Turrentine?  Your C.O.?
Almost like someone put him up to it.  Okay, who?
And this class officer... "Wickwire."  You think he was just trying to get even?  Striking back for...
Jordan.  You watch your ass.
That's not what I want, Jordan.  I mean... it is and it isn't...
I'm only trying to warn you in case --
Big symbols make big targets, Jordan.  I think someone's gunning for you.
I can't walk two blocks in Washington without hearing about "G.I. Jane."  You're all over the place, and whether you wanted it or not, the feminists are sizing you up for that poster.
Don't you know?  How they're talking about you?
Well, not this.  I was doing the Pentagon scene few nights ago.  Got some fresh stuff -- about you.  You may be in a hostile camp.  I think someone may be taking steps to ensure that you crash and burn.
That bad?
How hard they making it on you?
I've been trying you for five days. Don't they give you messages?
Jordan...
Sounded lame as soon as it came out of my mouth.  But I'm trying to be honest, okay?  Three years is a long time.  Don't ask me to predict how I'll feel then, Jordan, because I don't know.  And either do you.
I don't feel like doing an option paper on the rest of my life, Jordan.  Maybe we should just let it happen.
I'll try to keep the door open.  If you wash out, I make it so that --
You're such a ball-breaker sometimes.  Especially at night.
Well, guess I don't even need to be here...
So dump on me.
She's haze grey and underway...
Well, you're doin' shit-hot at Intel.
Spec-Recon.  Those guys are world- class warriors.  And they will not want you there, Jordan.
So why're you even considering it? Are you?
By the way, I'll need that option paper by 11-hundred today so I can review it with Admiral Hanover.  And do we have any of that breakfast tea around here?
Intel has its own glory, lieutenant -- no matter how subtle.
Probably hear back from CNN first.
That was good headwork, lieutenant.
You expect the extraction team to ride the sub bare-back?  Is that correct, O'Neil?
Blank faces here, O'Neil.
Halfway 'round the world.  So that's the problem -- we can get the team in, just not out.
You're the analyst for East China, O'Neil.  Analyze.
Signals received only sparingly, in such a pattern that leads us to conclude it is a downed aviator trying to conserve his batteries.
Gotta situation here.  Where are you?  Stuck in traffic?
I don't...  What, someone on base?  A "mole"?
Even tough I don't talk to her every day -- I still talk to her every day.  Know what I mean?
Christ, I don't want to see her take a fall.  She thinks I do, but...
I don't know.  Seems...
Women.
The first female President?
Possibly.  Just to spite DeHaven.
The Navy?  They've made it clear they don't want to pull missiles out of subs to make room for women's heads.  What's it gonna cost to make a fleet of Trident's co-ed?
The E-Ringers?  Full integration is gonna cost the services billions at the worst possible time -- when Congress is already swinging the axe.
You knew about us?
O'Neil, Jordan.
