I think you probably would -- if you didn't know I was right.
Of course it is.  And I'm gonna stay on her until everyone realizes this is not some bullshit equal-rights thing, that real lives are gonna be lost.  Maybe mine, maybe yours.
She's an officer.  There's a higher standard.
I've had it.  Just because they pay me like a baby-sitter doesn't mean I'm gonna be one.
You don't think she'd be raped if she were captured?  You don't think the threat of rape would be used to leverage the men?
Boat Five -- Wickwire, Cozad, Vinyl, Intagliata, Ayers, and Wise. Lieutenant Wickwire is your senior officer.  Follow his orders to your death.
Every class has its surprises, Pyro. This one'll be no different.
Check your watch, Pyro.  Seems fast.
O'Neil...
Got it.
Say again?  How many micks?
Managed to activate the ELB.  If you just radio base and let them know, they'll fix on that.  Oh, and make sure they send a helo with a winch -- door's blocked by a reef.  Over.
Okay, O'Neil.  So you've impressed all the others.  Now try me.
Well, I'm trying to figure out if you're stupid, unlucky, gluttonous -- or some new alloy of all three.
I think we oughtta practice it, just so you know what to expect.
Didn't you know you'd be raped if you were captured?  Didn't you even think about that?
I'm so glad we agree.
Do you?
You think we should go easy on women, O'Neil?
I'm not the one who got five good men thrown in a bamboo cage.  You wear the bars, you made the call, and you got your whole crew --
That's what your crew said.  Are they lying?  Or are you?
The others already told me, O'Neil. They wanted to shoot, but you wouldn't let them.  Because you went soft on another women --
Would you have shot if it was a man?
She led us right to you.  That's no threat?
Why didn't you shoot the woman, O'Neil?
Right down to your worthless womb, and I'll tell you why.  This is my island.  My world.  And here I can get away with shit that would get me arrested anywhere else in the world. Take another scan of my little joy- boy outside.  If I can do that to a Navy Seal, what's gonna happen to you?  Huh?
You are in the cage, O'Neil.  Right here, right now.
Are you hungry?  What's your favorite food?  We'll try to get it for you.
Any brothers?  Sisters?
Simple question, lieutenant.  No reason not to answer.  What is your father's name?
You were commissioned one month earlier, which makes you the senior officer.  Remember.  There are no bad crews -- only bad leaders.
England went out with a stress fracture.  That puts you in charge, lieutenant.
Females in combat situations impact unit cohesion.  Men fight better without women around.  And that is an historical fact.
Could you have pulled that 210-pound man clear, lieutenant?
For pulling a 210-pound man out of a burning barrack in Saudi Arabia.
It seems the men couldn't get used to the sight of women blown open and their viscera hanging from tree limbs.  Israeli men would linger over wounded females -- often to the detriment of the mission, often endangering their own lives.  They don't use women anymore.
Educate her, Pyro.
You heard me.  Move on.
