Seal the cave?
No sir, I haven't forgotten.
A doll alone proves nothing. True. But the doll was found beside the jawbone of a man -- and no trace of simian fossils has turned up in this deposit.
I apologize.
Indeed, the very fact that these tools are unknown to us could suggest a culture in certain ways almost equal to our own. Some of the evidence is uncontestable ...
We've never meant to be treasonable, sir.  But up there, in the face of that Cliff, is a vast cave -- and in that cave a fabulous treasure of fossils and artifacts.
How did you know we'd come here?
Yes, sir, so it was -- thanks to you. But not before I discovered evidence of a simian culture that existed long before the Sacred Scrolls were written ...
Certainly, sir. It's a pleasure to see you again.
Oh., no., sir. I was just assembling my notes.
Dr. Zaius --
Certainly, sir. I'll get my notes and come right over.
They can't convict us of that. You proved our innocence. Besides...  ... his culture is our culture.
That was different. We thought you were .... inferior.
What are you doing there?
Taylor, I'd rather you -
Taylor, you're not in command here. Put down that gun.
Right now, if you like.
No one really knows. It's an ancient taboo. Set forth in the Sacred Scrolls. The Lawgiver pronounced the area deadly.
It empties into a sea some miles from here. That's where the cave is.
Sorry, Taylor. The terrain around that lake is poisonous. There is no fresh water, no vegetation. Nothing.
It's a long detour to Dead Lake. What would we find?
To the diggings I worked at a year ago. It's a three day ride across the eastern desert, near where you claim you landed from that planet of yours.
As you wish.
The best. But we won't need them.
Well, Taylor -- we're all fugitives now.
Right.  Let's put the water and provisions in the wagon.
How did it go?
Zira....
Zira, listen to me. We've got a fine future ahead of us. Marriage. Stimulating careers. I'm up for a raise --
No, thank you'. I won't get into that battle.
Because if he is a missing link, it means the Sacred Scrolls aren't worth their parchment.
That was before Dr. Zaius and half the Academy said the idea was heresy.
The evidence was very meager --
It's probably wrong --
No, they won't -
Zira, are you trying to get my head cut off?
I don't. And I'm not going to try.
No creature can survive in that part of the Forbidden Zone. I've been there. I've seen it.
Flight is a scientific impossibility.
And they fell out of the sky with you?
Now, just a minute --
Where did you learn to do this?
It's a stunt. Humans don't write.
Zira, come on. You know they can't --  Oh oh. Here comes Number One.
Remembers what?
What's so special about him?
Neither do I.
Do you have to work tonight?
