That's correct. And you will both stand trial for heresy.
Well? For a time the ancients kept humans as household pets.	Until the Lawgiver proved that man could not be tamed. Keep digging Cornelius. You'll find evidence of the master of this house: an ape.
Your conclusion is premature. Have you forgotten your Scripture? The Thirteenth Scroll?  'And Proteus brought the upright beast into the garden, and chained him to a tree, and the children made sport of him.'
To begin with, your methods of dating the past are crude, to say the least. There are geologists on my staff who would laugh at your speculations.
Don't speak to me in absolutes. The evidence is contestable.
I've seen some of your fossils and artifacts. They're worthless.
I ask you to reconsider the rash course you've taken. If you're convicted of heresy, the most you'll get is two years. But if you persist in pointing guns in my direction, you'll hang for high treason.
It wasn't difficult. Only an apostate or a lunatic would flee to the Forbidden Zone.  I see you brought along the female of your species.  I didn't realize a man could be monogamous.
He exceeded his orders. His travel permit was promptly revoked.
You know Dr. Maximus, our Commissioner for Animal Affairs?
Did you forget our appointment, Cornelius?
Cornelius, if you have a moment today, I'd like to discuss this expedition of yours in more detail.
Don't look for it, Taylor. You may not like what you find.
The Forbidden Zone was once a paradise. Your breed made a desert of it, ages ago.
Because you are a man. And you were right -- I have always known about man. From the evidence, I believe his wisdom must walk hand in hand with his idiocy. His emotions must rule his brain. He must be a warlike animal who gives battle to everything around him -- even himself.
Where else, but in a cage, does man belong?
Of course, you could return with us. Our society might find a place for you and your mate.
Then answer this: If ran was superior, why didn't he survive?
Cease fire! Withdraw!
That's lunacy. I can give an alternate description for everyone of those objects that's equally as inventive as yours. But it would be conjecture, not proof.
Of course.
Twelve hundred years ago.
What is your proposal?
There is no contradiction between faith and science. True science.
Don't be a fool. You're outnumbered and outgunned.
You're a menace! A walking pestilence. I do know who you are, Taylor. As I know that others of your kind must live in the Forbidden Zone.  You have just six hours to make a full confession. After that I'll employ surgery to obtain one.  Guards!
If you are protecting others of your kind, it will cost you your identity.
You may well call it upside down, since you occupy its lowest level. And deservedly.  The eastern desert has never been explored -- because we've always assumed that no life can exist there.  Save yourself, Taylor. Tell me -- is there another jungle beyond the Forbidden Zone?
I admit that where there's one mutant there's probably another. And another. A nest of them. Where's your nest, Taylor? Where are your women?
Because you're not unique. There was the one you call Landon --
Of course.
Certainly not.	You're a mutant.
A fort! Unconsciously, you chose a name that was belligerent.  Where were you nurtured?
Then how is it we speak the same language?  Even in your lies, some truth slips through! That mythical community you're supposed to come from -- Fort Wayne'?
You lied. Where is your tribe?
However, it's within my power to grant You a reprieve.  That is why I summoned you here tonight.  Tell me who and what you really are and where you come from, and no veterinary will touch you.
Emasculation, to begin with. Then experimental surgery. On the speech centers. On the brain. Ultimately, a kind of living death.
Oh, your case was preordained. In a way, you performed a service for the State ...  Because your hearing made it possible for us to expose Zira and Cornelius.  And now the Tribunal has placed you in my custody for...final disposition. Do you know what that means?
Identify him, then. Speak to him.
Well...do you acknowledge kinship with any of these creatures?
In a few minutes there will be no doll. There can't be.  I'm sorry.
He won't survive.  Do you know what sort of life awaits you out there, Taylor? That of an animal. If you aren't eventually hunted down and killed by apes, some jungle beast will devour you.
What?
Secondly, if these 'tools' as you call them, are unidentified, why are they introduced as 'evidence' of anything?
Let them talk, Mr President. Let them talk.
Mr. President, I believe the Prosecutor has reassembled all he surviving humans captured in the hunt along with Bright Eyes.
How sad. Stuffed and mounted, eh? Dead men, like sunken ships, can tell no stories. And his other companion?
Where are they now?
But how convenient that the proof of his arrival has vanished?  You also state that Bright Eyes had two intelligent companions at the time of his capture.
Do you believe him?
Dr. Zira -- you state here that a ship from outer space sank in an inland sea of our eastern desert.
Wouldn't it more properly be done in your office?
Of course. He saw you moving yours.
