That doesn't work, sir.
What now?
Can't we hold him?
How's the name search going?
I can do it, Captain.
The killer was trying to get to her. That sorority girl was a distraction.
There's nothing. I'm coming down.
No, wait here.
He filmed his victims.
C'mon. Let's go.
Over here.
Let's find out.
Hallie?
The sorority girl was gutted with autopsy precision.
They're roomates.
We'd break some furniture.
Maybe not. But think about the sex. As frustrated as I am...
And it's sexier in the dark.
That's not the way it's done.
A bloody knife. A ghost mask. Something like that?
You broke my heart.
Solid alibis. He was with Sidney when she was attacked.
Meaning?
Not good.
I also know that you're an aging TV reporter slash writer who, despite huge tabloid success, has some self worth issues regarding your personal life which directly effects your professional life in a non-positive manner. A coupla failed relationships with--I'm guessing balding, older men--have turned you into this bitch with a cell phone. But I bet sometimes, late at night, when you're all alone a sadness seeps to the surface and in a moment of clarity you know that all you really want is to be touched and held and fondled.
I know that.
I think you're all an act.
You're a hard one to figure out. GALE It's that complex yet shallow quality. It's deliberate.
So what made you change your mind about Sidney?
No, I'm the one who's sorry. I misjudged you. Now if you'll excuse me, I have some oozing to do.
How do you know my dim-witted inexperience isn't merely a subtle form of manipulation used to lower people's expectations thereby enhancing my ability to effectively maneuver within any given situation?
Page 41. "Deputy Dewey oozed with inexperience."
No, what you are is a money hungry, fame- seeking liar and--forgive me for saying-- mediocre writer who has a cold storage shed where her heart should be.
Page 32. "Deputy Dewey filled the room with his dim-witted Barney Fifish presence." I think you've explained yourself.
Yes, I do retain reading skills. Shock.
Yes, Miss Weathers, your name is embedded clearly between my ears.
I'm on crowd patrol, Miss Weathers, excuse me.
Miss Weathers.
Hey, I got stuff to do. But I'll find you later, okay.
Humor me, Sid.
The police are waiting outside. They're going to take you somewhere safe.
Just in case...
Don't worry...
Look, Sid, why don't you take off? Disappear for a few days. I'll come with you.
As of now, they don't see any relation. But they're checking it out. The state, Special Task Force, FBI--they're all here. They'll find the guy.
They don't know. It was carefully planned. Earlier in the day the victims received anonymous passes to the movie.
They thought it was a publicity stunt.
