Gillespie, put in call for retrieval. We're off this rock. Gillespie, do you read me ?
Keep trying, Sergeant.
They'd rather spend our lives than risk their ships. Who's got the nuke ?
Corporal, I want pulse cannons there and there ! Rifle teams, spread out along the ridge ! Sugar, bring up that flame thrower !
We must be right over the colony. Let's get some air support, eh ?
My job is to protect the lives of my soldiers so they can kill bugs, Major, and if you're walking me into a trap-
Sounds more like some idiot at Military Intelligence Command wants to get me and my cap troopers killed...
I thought 4th brigade cleaned out P.
This is my farm. Get on the boat, NOW ! That's an order, Sergeant.
Rico, tell'em to glass this goddam planet. I've never seen so many bugs upstairs at the same time...
I can't My legs are gone... Get on the boat...
AAAAAAAAAAAA !
Sergeant, secure the boat !
Warm it all up ! Everything you got ! Levy, collect the big guns from the towers. Watkins, put General Owen with the wounded. Rico, where's my communications ?
What's that look like to you, Rico ?
Rico, you're acting Sergeant now. My last Sergeant lost the com pack. Put together a search team and find the radio shack. We need retrieval.
Who's that with you ?
Corporal, the Roughnecks are moving out for Planet P immediately. Get yourself squared away and report to Gillespie for logistics.
Never pass up a good thing, eh ?
Yopu asked me some advice once, Rico. Want some now ?
Kill the bitch.
I'm not interested in nostalgia, Rico, I need a corporal. You're it until you're dead or I find someone better.
Where'd you learn to do that, soldier ?
Figuring things out for yourself is the only freedom anyone really has. Use that freedom. Make your own choice, Rico.
Good for you. Go find out.
Well, it's not really my job to please. Hope you learned something.
What is it, Rico ?
Of course you don't. I doubt if any of you here would recognize 'civic virtue' if it bit you in the ass.
The exact words of the text. But do you understand it ? Do you believe it ?
You. Tell me the moral difference, if any, between the citizen and the civilian ?
