Just giving you something to remember me by, baby.
It wasn't luck. Rico ignored the mission objective to rescue you...
I do.
How do you feel about him now ?
That girl who died on the way up ...his girl ?
Where are you going ?
You're upset, that's alright.
I'm sorry, Carmen.
Carmen...?
Hey, bugs don't take prisoners.
I'm not kidding. Marriage is -
Fleet encourages marriages among flight officers. You'd probably get a promotion out of it.
So ?
If we're gonna be a team, why not be a real team ?
I was thinking. Maybe we should get married, Carmen.
Let's disregaed rank... Everybody hear that ? Rank is not an issue here.
Forget it, Carmen. The Mobile Infantery does a thankless, dirty job, so they naturally tend to be short-tempered, thoughtless and rude.
Everything coposetic, Lieutenant ?
THERE !	GRAVITY FIELD... IT'S BIG !
Me, too... Day and Night-Cycle.
She got a command... and she thinks we oughta team up officially and crew for her. She thinks we're good together.
Well, whad'ya know...
You know I was talking to Captain, Deladier, and she said...
Three weeks aboard a starship and you know it all, huh ?
Profile's wrong... there.
Oh, I don't know... Depends on who you are spending it with.
They revoke our flight status.
Twenty-five by five, roll seven. And don't exceed port speed.
This isn't simulation anymore. Take'er out easy, cadet.
Maybe not. I heard about this crazy girl coming through the academy, solid math, a little wild on the stick, but a natural. When it turned out it was you, I made sure we'd run into each other...
Only when I give you an order.
I'm the guy who's gonna teach you to fly this crate.
Yeah, we know each other from the game. No hard feeling, eh, chum ?
I'm all ears.
I don't know. It's my last night as acivilian. I ship out for Tereshkova tomorrow.
So what are you doing later ?
I'm getting better.
That's it, we're empty ma'am !
Trajectory indicates it came out of the Arachnid Quarantine Zone.
Captain, we are in the path of an unidentified object moving at near light speed...
Yes, ma'am. Star drive in three... two... one...
This is my farm. Now c'mon, give me what you got and get out of here...
Nah, I figureyou folks oughta get upstairs before it's too late... Gimmee the nuke.
Been better, buddy.
Not a problem.
Let's go.
That would mean a comlete disregard for the mission objective. They hang you for that, Rico.
What do you think you're doing ?
Hey, just calm down, I'm giving the orders here-
The Rodger Young just burned up...
Rodger Young, prepare to receice outgoing fire...!  I'll take the first group.
This is a Fleet-driven operation, son, and the Fleet thinks my boat will be safer on the high ground. You can have everything else, eh ?
On whose authority, Corporal ?
You heard me. Wanna make something out of it, private ?
Best in the Fleet !
You can never be sure.
