You have your extracurricular secrets, I have mine.  We'll hold a clarification session soon.  For now, I need your fearsome old habits at the Victory Motel. We're going to brace a man who may know who killed Jack Vincennes. Can I count on you?
Imagine crime limited to the criminal element who perpetrate it. Imagine the means to keep the nigger filth sedated.  But don't stop there.  Extrapolate.  Imagine the police in control.  It's big, lad.
I've long been involved in containing hard crime in such a way that myself and a few colleagues might someday enjoy a profit dispensation.  That day will soon be here and you'll share handsomely.  Grand means will be in our hands, Wendell.
You're perplexing to me these days, Wendell.  You're not your old, cruel self anymore.  I need proof that the extracurricular work I had planned for you remains within your grasp.
You've got it, Wendell.
How what, Wendell?
Will you work for me?
I need you for an assignment the Chief's given me the go-ahead on. A duty few men are fit for, but you were born for.  You'll be working out of Homicide.
Four of the defendants recanted their testimony.
They're yours.  Take them.
Wendell, I want you to come to work for me.
Don't underestimate his skills. As a politician he exceeds even myself.  But the department needs smart men like Exley and... direct men like yourself
Your partner's through. Department scapegoat on the Chief's orders.  He's been billed, he'll be indicted and he'll swing.
It would've happened years ago if you hadn't carried him.  Why the loyalty, Wendell?
And for good reason judging from what I know of your background.
Lad, I admire your refusal to testify and your loyalty to your partner.  I admire you as a policeman, particularly your adherence to violence as a necessary adjutant to the job. And I am most impressed with your punishment of wife beaters.  Do you hate them, Wendell?
Call me Dudley.
He made his play amd he got what he wanted.  They're making him a detective.
Say goodnight to your friend and join me by those back tables.
Lad, may I have a word with you?
And?
Reciprocity, Mr. Hudgeons, is the key to all relationships.
And?
Alright.  We'll drop that line for now.  Next topic.  Please comment on Pierce Patchett.
But you were business associates?
It's for your own safety.  Now what can you tell us about Sergeant John Vincennes?
This is Mr. Hudgeons, Wendell.
<u>Really</u>?  Would you be willing to rig crime scene evidence to support a prosecuting attorney's working hypothesis?
Why not, lad?  Absolute justice?
Absolutely.  Prostitution and gambling are victimless crimes. The heroin we'll run down to the coloreds.  Anesthetize them.  As long as it's not a middle class problem, no one will care.  It's still a crime free city... for respectable people.
A vacuum, Edmund.  That's what we have in Los Angeles.  Sending Mickey Cohen up created it.  My containment work maintained it. Certain photographs guarantee it. Organized crime has been held back, but there's still a demand for the services it provides.
Jack was a shame, but Dick Stensland had the audacity to try to sell me my own heroin.  Through his whore girl friend.  I sent him to make the buy.  The rest is history.
I'm loathe to kill my brother officers, Edmund.
Anonymous.  Probably nothing.
There always are.  But there are also three men and three guns. Matched forensically.  A few loose ends don't matter.
Don't get sidetracked.  Stay with the Nite Owl.
Ed, I want confessions.
Get on it.
Why?
It's mine.  I'll make you my second in command.
Edmund, you don't want it and you can't have it.
You should stay away from a man when his blood is up.
So be it.
You'll reap the benefits, but are you truly prepared to be despised within the department?
No, Edmund.  He's a man who can answer yes to those questions I ask you from time to time.
Stensland's a disgrace.  Straight D fitness reports from every C.O. he ever served under.  But White is a valuable officer.
At least get rid of the glasses. I can't think of one Bureau man who wears them.
Then for God's sake, don't be a detective.  Stick to assignments where you won't have to make those choices.  Patrol, Internal Affairs, but not the Bureau.
Would you be willing to shoot hardened criminals in the back to offset the chance --
Would you be willing to beat confessions out of suspects you knew to be guilty?
Would you be willing to rig crime scene evidence to support a prosecuting attorney's working hypothesis...?  Yes or no, Edmund.
Answer yes or no.
Am I...?  Would you be willing to plant corroborative evidence on a suspect you knew was guilty in order to ensure an indictment?
You'll make lieutenant inside a year.  Patrol division?
That was his favorite toast.  I saw the test results on the lieutenant's exam.  You placed first out of twenty-three.
Not even with Exley?
Have you discussed this with anyone else, John?
Don't start trying to do the right thing, John.  You haven't had enough practice.
You're Narco, lad, not Homicide. And since when do you work with Edmund?
What's this all about, lad?
A disgrace as a policeman. Straight D fitness reports from every C.O. he ever served under. What about him?
Lucky for you that my wife and four fair daughters are at the beach in Santa Barbara.
John Vincennes.  It's three A.M., lad.
I think you'll be surprised what Edmund's capable of.
John, I doubt you've ever drawn a stupid breath.  Don't start now.
