In my car.  Blackmail shit.  The trunk under the carpet.  Patchett got me to photograph a cop fucking this gorgeous cunt Lynn, looks just like Veronicaaa --
He runs call girls.  Primo tail. Fixed up like movie stars.
And what?
Okay.  Okay.  Everyone knows Patchett's worth a boat-load of greenbacks.  From aviation, freeway construction.  But the man has hobbies, too.  He bankrolls B movies under the table and runs movie star look-alike hookers. And try this on:  he's rumored to be a periodic heroin sniffer.  All in all a powerful behind-the- scenes strange-o.
Okay so we worked together.  It was an information exchange.  I got him first class collars and he got me good stories.  We were friends for Chrissakes!
What does that have to do --
Take it easy!  I didn't have anything to do with him getting killed if that's what you mean.
Trashcan Jack.  The Big V.  I can tell you he's on the Night Train to the big adios.
I'm happy to cooperate.  You don't need to tie me down.
I put Reynolds in the cab myself. The night cost me a hundred scoots and I got bupkis.
Jesus.  Jack, that's a story. 'Swish Actor Gets The Gay Blade.' Let me get my camera.
You didn't get my message?  It got called off.  The kid chickened out at the last minute.
What happened with the kid and Loew?
What's wrong, Trash?
Give me some Narco skinny.  I want to put out an all hop-head issue. Shvartze jazz musicians and movie stars.  Maybe tie it into the Rosenbergs.  You like?
Jackie!  You got some good scoop for the Sidster?
Jackie, all I know is what you know.  The man is very rich.  And he's invested in freeway construction so he's gonna get a lot richer.  But that's it. Patchett's what I like to call 'Twilight.'  He ain't queer, he ain't Red, he can't help me in my quest for prime sinuendo.
Where'd you hear that?
He's queer too.  Metro paid him two grand a week to fake it with ingenues.  On screen and off.  I'm getting him to fuck the D.A. for a hundred bucks.  That's twice the fifty you got for wrecking his career.
How'd you like a little payback? Not to mention a donation to the widows and orphans fund.  Did you know Loew was a swish?
You tight with the D.A., trash?
The Grauman's Chinese pot bust. He just got off the honor farm.
Down around my ankles.
You're back, boychick.
No.  No, I've heard bupkis.  Jack, I'll talk to you later.  Call me when you get something I can use. Smut's from hunger.  For sad sacks who can't get their ashes hauled
Not a word.
Something good?
Jackie, are you back on Narco?  I need copy.
<u>Hush-Hush</u>.  Off the record and on the Q.T.
It's Christmas morning in the City of Angels, and while decent citizens sleep the sleep of the righteous, hopheads prowl for marijuana, not knowing that a man is coming to stop them.  The free- wheeling, big-time Big V, celebrity crime-stopper, Jack Vincennes, the scourge of grasshoppers and junk fiends everywhere.  You like it, Jackie- Boy?
I like it!  I like it!
They're sitting in the dark, goofing on the Christmas tree.
Jack!  It's Christmas!
Contract players at Metro.  You pinch 'em.  I do you up feature in the next issue.  Plus the usual fifty cash.  Tell me, am I fucking Santa Claus?
Beats me.  Look, Jackie-Boy, a friend of mine just sold some reefer to Matt Reynolds.  He's tripping the light fantastic with Tammy Jordan at 2245 Maravilla, Hollywood Hills.  It's right around the corner.
We did a piece last year. 'Ingenue Dykes In Hollywood.'  Her name got mentioned.
Big V Jack Vincennes!  May I have this dance?
