In the morning.
We talked.
Come in out of the rain, Bud.
He's the opposite of you.  He's more like me.  Cold, calculating.
Come in out of the rain.  In the morning we'll have both our stories for breakfast.
You found Patchett.  You found me. You're smart enough.  Be a detective if that's what you want.
Do you like being a cop, Bud?
So you saved her.
It doesn't matter.  All they get is Veronica Lake.  You got the real Lynn Margaret Bracken...  Where'd this come from?
I wondered when you might ring the bell again, Officer White.
If it's a date I think you'd better tell me your first name because I --
Are you asking me for a date or an appointment?
No.  I'm really a brunette, but the rest is me.  And that's all the news that's fit to print.
He takes a cut of our earnings and invests it for us.  He makes us quit the life at thirty.  He doesn't let us use narcotics and he doesn't abuse us.  Can your policeman's mentality grasp those contradictions?
Actually, it was two.  You're different, Officer White.  You're the first man in five years who didn't tell me I look like Veronica Lake inside of a minute.
But you did it anyway.
Did they deserve it today?
Do you enjoy it?
There's blood on your shirt.  Is that an integral part of your job?
You say 'fuck' a lot.
I remember you from Christmas Eve.  You have a thing for helping women, don't you, Officer White?
It's Lynn.
He's waiting for you to mention mention.
Pierce meets people.  Sue came on the bus with dreams of Hollywood.  This is how they turned out.  Thanks to Pierce, we still get to act a little.
Like I said we were friendly, not friends.
I don't know.  I never heard of the Nite Owl till today.
That's right.  Our motives are selfish, so we're cooperating.
Yes.  But do you know?
No I haven't.  Do you know why Pierce is humoring you?
Of course I am.  What kind of question is that?
I was friendly with Sue Lefferts, but we weren't really friends. You know what I mean?
Can I get you a drink?
It's not what you think.
It's practically stamped on your forehead.
Merry Christmas yourself, <u>Officer</u>.
Some men get the world.  Others get ex-hookers and a trip to Arizona.
Right now, before I back down.
Bisbee, Arizona.  The air's good for pensioners and I know where everything is.
I know how he feels.
I work for Patchett.  I had a feeling that there was someone else, but I never knew who.
If I knew you were coming I'd have baked a cake.
Actually, Bud's only tough on the outside.
Like recognizes like.  I'm pretty tough, myself.
You're tougher than Bud thinks you are.
Because you'll use it against me. Won't you?
No.  This is the means to the reality.  But I'm not going to tell you what it is.
I came out here with a dream. That's gone, but I settled for reality.
You don't like that you don't know how to play him.  He doesn't follow the same rules of politics you do.  That makes him dangerous.
Does all that make it harder for you to hate him or easier?
I see Bud because he makes me feel like Lynn Bracken and not some Veronica Lake look-alike who fucks for money.  I see him because he doesn't know how to disguise who he is.  There's more if you want to hear it.
I see Bud because I want to.  I see Bud because he can't hide the warmth he has inside him.
You want to know what Bud's like in bed?
The silver screen's loss is your gain.
Oh, the best I ever had. Absolutely the best.
The way you've underestimated Bud White?
It galls you that I know so much about you.  You don't have information to compete.
I'm curious about you.
He can take care of himself and I'm not afraid of you.  And you forgot one thing, Lieutenant. Pierce also taught me how to fuck... Can I get you a drink?
He said you were smart.  He also said you were competing with your dead father.  How did he put it? Trying to measure up to a ghost.
I know who you are.  You're the policeman Bud told me about.
