Sure, you just blindfold him first and tie him to a stake.
Hey, that's great, Henry! Good thinking!
What are you going to do with him?
You fixing to add overtime to a twelve- hour day? The union ain't gonna like it.
How you, Radar?
Yeah, maybe move that nurse in. She don't seem the type to keep you awake praying.
Just one for a start.
Never this close.
They give you copies to burn.
Reckon so, but we been boozing all day and you work up an appetite.
Y'all were short a couple cutters and we're what the Army sent.
Y'all mind the store.
You really think we hurt him that bad?
Or her figger.
There's only one way.
I've always had a hankering for blonde pussy myself. My wife's hair is a wonderful golden yellow, and this time of year it gets even lighter.
Not enough to be a pro.
Epidural hematoma?
Pulse, slow, very little pressure.
He said it for us all, Walt.
How you, Walt? We was just fixing to have a nightcap.
Where you think you are, boy? They probably never seen a olive in this country.
Is there any reason why we shouldn't know the name of it?
Which hospital?
Where?
I mean, what were you doing? Were you a resident or on a staff someplace?
Now I got you for a witness, I'm going to try again. So far all I dragged out of him is he's from Bahston and he's only been in the Army two months.  Where were you when they drafted you?
No, Ho-Jon, we're not going to open you up.
I don't think I should have opened my big mouth. Sorry, Ho-Jon.
Good, because we got a fine old American custom we want to teach you. You know what these are?
Hey, you been sneaking some reading outside the frigging Bible!
Us. Lead us not into...
You make a mean martini, kid.
Same general idea.
The door, Frank, the door! Where you from anyhow, Alaska?
But first will you please kindly shut the goddam door?
Where's he gonna use that kind of talk? 'The valley of the shadow of death.' Wait a minute, Ho-Jon...  I got something for you.
What the hell's going on here?
Perfectionist.
What's there to do? You found the sliver.
And get ourselves another touchdown to win.  I wish to hell we knew what they were plotting.
What?
Let's hear from you, you goddam Yankee. Be nice to see you some time.
Hell, man, that don't matter. We're loaded. We were big wheels in the black market in Seoul.
But no short-arm inspection. I'm with you there.
I thought we were heading for trouble putting on all these trinkets.
We could steal one of the choppers.
Be right with you.
When?
Me, too. Y'all just seen me play my last game.
Yeah, if I can.
Look at the size of those two beasts.
Now wait a minute, Hawkeye. I come a long way, learning to put up with a couple of crazy Yankees, but...
How come nobody knows about him? And you do?
The nigra boy with the Philadelphia Eagles?
Never heard of him.
Where the hell we going to get us a football team?
I not only say it, I'll back it up twenty buck's worth.
You know damn well I nearly puke when I look at her. I don't even think she's a real blonde.
What's he got to write, for God's sake?
A native is someone who is born in a particular place.
Hail to the chief! We-all got a responsibility, men. He's crowned like a king ought to be, but he can't just walk to the Mess Hall by himself. He has to be carried by native bearers.
That there Frank Burns is a menace. Whenever a patient croaks on him it's either God's will or somebody else's fault.
Y'all just act natural.
What do you think, Trapper?
And you've had a natural four times in a row in a crap game. Right? Does that mean...?
Call Dago Red.
Best equipped dentist in the whole goddam Army. Care to have a look, a man with your background?
Nice guy, for an enamel surgeon.
Must be Painlees Pole Day in the Shower Tent.
Sixteen times.
And it's the ninth inning.
Yeah, that's right.  You better get us a chest-cutter before there's trouble.
What's that?
No, Hawkeye just said it all.
We sure don't aim to cause any trouble... Yeah, she seems to grow on you.
We been had.
So we got to cut him fast. I figure from the X-ray it ain't just the spleen. We also got to snatch his right kidney.
Now that's what I call real pretty. We can close up here and go into his belly.
Nothing can't wait. Shall we check it out with the Major?
And gets the wind every time it opens. No, thanks. I'll take that one.
Little light reading matter. Just right for his age.
That's right, pal. You just sit up front and sign the mail, and leave the cutting to us.
What do you think of that piece of scenery, Yankee boy?
The spot we picked to spend the winter. Maybe we ought to look a little harder.
I done my shopping in Seoul last night.
What's the initials 'MP' stand for, Hawkeye?
C.O. is Colonel Blake. Lieutenant Colonel Henry Braymore Blake. One of them regular army clowns. Push you around so it's hard to get any decent work done.
Damn! That must be about as far north as you can get.
Where you from with that crazy way of talking?
Georgia, where I come from, it's real if you make it yourself. But I been buying from the Yankee Government since they put me in this soldier suit and give me a rate.
I got some.
You got directions?
Duke Forrest.
