Four goddam months. And they don't even give you time off for good behavior.
Hell, no, all you did was knock the wind out of him. But he won't be playing any more football today.
Well, he's taken care of. Scratch one hot dog.
It certainly isn't Henry's fault Hot Lips Houlihan doesn't like her name.
Okay, I'm a witness, but how do you prove who's right?
She had this shiny black hair piled up on her head, but later on she let it hang loose and I'll be damned if it didn't come all the way down to her ass.
I don't know what else. You've been that route a little, haven't you?
Look at that right eye.
Miss you, Walt.
Pour one for Painless.
Don't you use olives?
No.  Or why you should.
Back home.
Hospital.
That's right.
Home.
Not necessarily.
Might make kind of a social issue, not having any other Negro officer.
So what makes you think he'll play for us?
He only lasted one season.
But he's got five times the man-power to draw on.
It's five minutes into nurses' shower hour. Where are they?
Sure, that's the right way... at John Hopkins or someplace. But how do we know there won't be even more of a jam-up a few days from now? Maybe we won't be able to get to him when we want to. Maybe the goddam thing'll erode the artery when nobody's looking. Our best shot is now.
We'll have to close this hole and make one on the other side.
It was in the cava and the hole sealed itself off. I must have jiggled it just enough to turn it loose. I can't feel it in the heart or the right pulmonary artery. So it's in the left pulmonary artery.
I can't feel it now either. The mother must have gone in.
Oh, Jesus.
You aspirate the blood from the chest cavity. Damn, there's more of it than I thought.
We'll need room. The sixth rib goes.
How about squeezing him through into Dartmouth? If all he wants to do is catch lobsters, he can learn that here.
Hiya, Ho-Jon. You got a piece of a shell in your chest, but we'll take it out as soon as you've had more blood. Hey, Radar!
Yeah, and he's lost a lot of blood. I'm afraid it's hit more that just the lung.
Okay, but I'll need you to help. Duke, will you take that belly back there? The Australian?
Best thing you could do for all of us is grab some sack time.
Like the Rock of Gibraltar.
I don't know why. As long as it's light enough to see your caddie.
And if it isn't, why don't we call Washington on your telephone? You tell your story, we'll tell ours.
Your high school friend who went around saying 'Me lay, you lay?' to all the young females in the community. As I remember, you said it was quite a successful approach.
Just like we thought, it's a routine problem. Nurse, who's in charge of operating room preparations?
Look.
But besides the operation, we've got to get in at least eighteen holes of golf.
But weren't you supposed to meet the surgeons who are going to slice up the Congressman's son?
'Course it isn't, but how many chances do we get to go to Japan? With our golf clubs.
As far as the greens maybe. I don't know if my putting would come back or not, without some practice.
No, no, that one.
It's a bedroom where a man is always at his peak and doesn't have to take any time outs.
We stand behind all our work.
Or you can let him knock himself out. You personally'd be sending him to his grave.
We're throwing him a Last Supper. We came to invite you.
Black capsule.
...But I turned in my knee pads.
What are they peeking at? Captain Waldowski in the shower?
Lucky you didn't have your mouth open or it would have gone down your throat.
I like an olive.
If you don't know what you've seen, why should I?
I'll tell you my news. I'm retiring from football.
I don't know. I must have lost my punch. I didn't think the son-of-a- bitch would get up.
If you say so, Henry. But remember my claustrophobia.
I did. First and only blow. So far.
You mean who hit who?
Listen, we get a deluge like this, just deciding priorities on a medical basis is hard enough. So never mind the side issues.
Yeah?
This one goes right to the OR. Tell Duke to do him ahead of the busted spleen.  And this kid can't wait. I'll take him myself, before I get to that ruptured diaphragm.
Morning, girls. Good morning Major.
We don't have to see him. Call that halfassed Army hospital and tell them to be ready to put some lipiodol in this kid's esophagus and take X- rays.
Now?
How can I taste it now? We've already had like twelve courses.
Soup? Rice? What are we doing, beginning all over again?
Mine's already been struck, and it doesn't have to be very fancy.
Never mind.
That bad?  But I guess you're right. We might as well see him.  Got any caddie carts?
What's the bastard really like?
Planes mostly. May take a crack at rickshaws. How does the direct approach work over here?
Okay, I'm closing up. Everybody relax.
It's a technique Ugly John and I worked out in case something like this came up.
Boys, we're home free.
Ease off on those tapes, and let's see how much it bleeds.  How is he?
Arterial silk.
How is he?
