We are a pair, and that's what counts.
Your melancholy eyes...
You made me see their failings, Louis. You made me look at them with your eyes.
I knew. I rescued you, didn't I? From the terrible dawn.
No.
Louis, I swear I did not.
Louis, they cannot be brought back. There are some things that are impossible, even for me.
I couldn't prevent it.
Louis, I can't save her. I will only risk losing you -
I can't save her.
Follow me - that way - through my cell -
Yes I knew him. Knew him well enough not to mourn his passing.
A vampire with a human soul. An immortal with a mortal's passion. You are beautiful, my friend. Lestat must have wept when he made you --
Are these not the answers you came for?
Like moths around the candle of the age. Decadent, useless. They can't reflect anything. But you do. You reflect its broken heart.
How he must have loved you.
You would never give up life. If the world were reduced to one empty cell, on fragile candle, you stay alive and study it. You see too clearly. You see too much.
But you asked the wrong questions. Do you know how few vampires have the stamina for immortality? How quickly they perish of their own will.
So soon? Without any of those answers you so longed for?
It's already begun. If you want to save her, send her away.
Did you kill this vampire who made you both? Is that why you won't say his name? Santiago thinks you did.
I could give you reasons. Her silence. Her youth. It's forbidden to make so young, so helpless, that cannot survive on its own.
She is.
If you say so. You are innocent.
Your lover.
I was waiting for you...
Knew? You mean he is...
The one who made you should have told you this. The one who left the old world for the new...
You fell too much. So much you make me feel...
None that I've ever known. I know nothing of God or the Devil, I have never seen a vision nor learnt a secret that would damn or save my soul. And as far as I know, after four hundred years I am the oldest living vampire in the world.
I have not spoken to him...
And perhaps this is the only real evil left...
Perhaps...
I understand. I saw you in the theatre, your suffering, your sympathy for that girl. I saw you with the boy. You die when you kill, you feel you deserve to die and you stint on nothing. But does that make you evil? Or, since you comprehend what you call goodness, does it not make you good?
No.
That is a picture, nothing more.
Surely you know the one who made you...
Nothing if not vampires...
Ah! You have questions?
If there were a leader, I would be the one.
You don't want to answer... Two vampires from the new world, come to guide us into the new era as all we love slowly rots and fades away.
But how did you come into existence?
Disappointing, isn't it? To come so far and find so little. Jaded ingenues, amusing themselves with make- believe...
They did, but too fast for you to see them. No magic, just grace and speed.
Yes, and very beautiful.
