They mean, Pig!, that the Black Panther Party declares that if you try to brutalize our community or take our weapons.  We are going to shoot you!!!
I tell you "officer", it wasn't...
No! This is my private property. According to California law we have a constitutional right to bear arms.
What are doing with yours?.
I have confirmed to you my address, that's all I'm required to by law to do. We have broken no law.
Yeah, I do, but he's gotta cool it...
You got to sit on Eldridge...
You got six months to donate to the party, Bobby?
I hear you. Alright. I'll go, you stay.
What? We're the leadership, you and me. There ain't enough of us to...
This brothers is gonna be a colossal event. We'll shut the mother down right at the capitol, in front of the cameras.  Will you cool it? What's up man? What it be Bobby?
Damn straight...  Let's go check out these Paper Panthers.
Well as the Rev says, God helps those who help themselves.  We'll be our own stoplight.
...The police report says he was shot three times but the coroner's report says quite clearly that Denzil Dowell was shot six times. And two of those shots were in his armpits. Brothers and Sisters you know why that is?  Because Denzil had his hands up!!
Dig it, you know those brothers over in San Fran... call themselves the Black Panthers too?
Hold up a second... We got a decision to make.
...no full fledge alliance. But I think we should do a rally with them. Show that there's some common ground between Black and White. You all with that?  All right then Eldridge, set it up.
Yeah, but aligning with white organizations. I'm not sure now's the time.
Yeah... then shouldn't this be all of us together.
You know I think Brother Judge needs our support right now, not our suspicion  This is beautiful man. Folks around here never read the truth like this before.
Look... can we deal with this tomorrow... I'm tired...
So talk...
Alright, I'll stay. Judge, I want to...
No! Just harassment. Can't let it stop this.  Brother we got momentum!
You're a little old to be a school boy aren't you brother.  Cool it! You're probably not the only one they've gone after. Stall a little so they believe you're for real. Make them trust you.  Hey Tyrone, you figure feeding our children is gonna make The Man jumpy?
This here's a "Panther Patrol." We see a brother getting busted. We check it out, make sure the pig don't go beating on the man. Brother gets taken downtown, we post bail, hook 'em up with a lawyer.
Yeah... Bobby you gotta...
We'll get them. Right now we got to worry about being armed and ready to protect Betty Shabazz. Those phonies sure as hell can't. We need guns.
Yeah... but it seems they're bringing Malcolm's widow Betty Shabazz to town, to speak at a rally, do an interview for Ramparts.  And they want us to help with security.
The white power structure wants us to act like savages.  But we're a different kind of animal altogether. We're Panthers. And The Black Panther Party for Self Defense is very painfully aware that America has historically reserved its most barbaric treatment for non-white people since the beginning of the country. So we need to organize, we  keep our shit correct! And effect revolution. We revolve the power into the hands of the people. Where it belongs.  Power to the people baby...
No you wait a second. You and your "Panthers" got three choices. One you join with us and follow our rules. Two you change your name.  Or three you face annihilation.
Tell that to the pigs. Better yet tell that to Malcolm.
We put our lives on the line today. Malcolm X's widow was on the line today. And your guns weren't even loaded.
No thank you sister.  Six?!! That seems a little light. Cops are watching Betty, watching her hard. We need at least twenty men. And that's twenty armed Panthers dig? You do have guns don't you?
That's right. We'd be proud to provide as escort for Malcolm's widow. How many men you got?
Me too. That's why I fight so hard.
If the pigs only knew they were subsidizing The Panthers...
Like the manual says, "Information is...
Listen Judge, Oakland's Panther International Headquarters. We shut the Pig's infiltration down here, they're gonna think twice about running their games on other chapters.
You got that right. And brother, I got a feeling it's going to get a whole lot thicker.
And you're gonna do just that. But I'll tell you what to feed the pig. You alright with this?
You got to keep very cool on this. Icy god damn cool. Cause baby, you just became the strongest weapon we got. Let me guess, he wants you to call him, tell him what we're doing.
What's the pig's name?
Chickenshits, they're grabbing at anything.
You fit the profile, Brother. You look exactly like the kind of nigger they think they can trust...
I'm talking about survival. Yours, mine, all of it. Outside and in. You got to do something for me. Staying alive might depend on it. The pigs are gonna try to infiltrate us and we're gonna let 'em. But their spy's gonna be our spy too. How about it?
See, the thing about Panthers. For all their speed and strength. They are not naturally aggressive. They don't just go out killing, tearing through the jungles murdering. No, the Panther  keeps his claws hidden until he is attacked, until he's backed into a corner. Then  believe me those claws are fierce.
I do. You think you're smart enough to keep playing the game?
You were alright Judge, better than alright. You're what the Party needs. A fighter but also one that's going to school not making the man too nervous.
What it be Judge. Nobody got hurt, Sister Betty's safe. This was a good day...
Right on Brother Judge...
Yeah I know. You're smart Judge. You ain't no bourgeois nigger like those Paper Panthers across the bay. I need every good man to help us with the security on Betty Shabazz, particularly soldiers. You do solid on that I might have something else for you, something real important.
Mind if I ask you something? Why'd you put up with shit like that for someone else's war?
You know, you're lucky to be back. Most niggers die on the front lines. Seems like that's what they're there for.
Yeah... You were a lot of help with those guns. Your soldier shit is bad- ass.
Welcome brother, have you decided to get down with us?
Okay man I ain't going to push. But remember the revolution isn't going to wait for anyone. Come on, we'll give you a lift.
You are down for protecting Malcolm's widow aren't you?
Judge... we're doing security for Betty Shabazz's visit next week. I'd like to have someone who knows there way around a pistol there. Someone like you.
Freedom... We're just gonna test some of the words in that law book.
We appreciate your help with this.
So I guess it's safe to say you know about firepower.
You were. infantry right?
