Sit down, This concerns you too.  I don't need to say that your department's handling of the Black Panthers -- particularly Inspector Brimmer's "undercover operation" has been a complete travesty.
Brimmer! Could you come in here please?
Like, you Inspector Brimmer are not going to be sitting in your car anymore. I think it's time for a more active type of involvement.
They are carrying guns. They are threatening police officers. They are undermining the United States of America. And you Inspector Brimmer are not taking your duties seriously...
Inspector Brimmer, this is no joke During your surveillance have you seen any outside agitators? Professorial types? Communists?
I don't think that will be any problem...
Neither your stomach or your opinion matters here Dorsett... What matters is that Mr. Trafficante and the Bureau have come up with a solution to our Panther Problem. One might say...The Final Solution.
Cut the crap, you've been taking the man's money for years. Now it's time you earned it.
As far as Mr. Hoover is concerned the worst has happened, the Panthers have unified with other organizations -- most likely sponsored by communists -- to undermine the war in Vietnam.  By doing so, they have quite simply guaranteed their own extinction.
These are memos from the commissioner, the mayor and Hoover himself, putting the Black Panthers and their subversive activities under the full jurisdiction of the Bureau.
Are you finished?
Chief Dorsett, if the Black Panthers are going to remain in your jurisdiction, some fundamental changes in attitude need to be made...
They couldn't have thought this up for themselves.
That would be an excellent start.  Tell him to keep a low profile.
Hmmm. As you know the Bureau -- and Mr. Hoover -- is particularly "sensitive" to anything that might agitate or solidify the coloreds on the left.
Can you make a deal with them?
I see. What about the Black Panther Party for Self-Defense?
It's a bit more like how can we help you. Bay Area's become quite a hornet's nest in terms of subversive activities. And... well Mr. Hoover wants to reiterate that the FBI will be happy to assist local authorities in any way we can. On a strictly advisory basis... of course.
You mean...
Well... like they say, there's a Panther born every minute in the ghetto. Uh... we seem to have "underestimated" the support of the Black community. It's their power base...
Granted, the Free Huey thing has become a bit of a rallying cry for the left...
We're working on that...
...at least that takes Bobby Seale off the street...
