So where does that leave us, Mr. Welles? What kind of sad future are we two making? A future where men will do anything to sell their newspapers and their movies? A future where no price is too high for fame and power? When we will all scratch each other to pieces just to be heard?
Intimately. For every sin you have placed on my head I could give you a hundred others. I have been swimming in blood my entire life. But I retain a belief, perhaps you will think it old fashioned, undoubtedly you will, but I believe that private lives should not be public property.
I wonder. Do you have any idea what you have done?
In Hollywood the fiercest bulls are the most brutally killed.
Well, I wish you luck. It is a treacherous business.
I see. And you are in California for what reason?
The actor
Who are you, sir?
See what you can do about this CITIZEN KANE picture, won't you?
Why is that, Louis?
Oh, why is that?
And maybe we could get Mr. Warner and Mr. Goldwyn and Mr. Cohn and Mr. Selznick to play as well.
Apparently it details the exploits of a publisher like myself. Entirely too much like myself. Do you follow so far?
Mm. Not a very good picture I am told.
Quite. And this is why I came to visit. Have you heard about this CITIZEN KANE picture?
Hope you don't mind my popping in--
Louis
There is nothing to understand but this:   I am a man who could have been great, but was not.
castle -- still fighting old battles he will never win with Pulitzer and Roosevelt and Hollywood--
No, you don't. You want to condemn me, like everyone else. You want to point to the pathetic, old man grown lunatic with his spending -- trapped in his ridiculous
I will not have this in my home.
You are slovenly and unattractive and I won't  t-t-t-tolerate it.
You are repellant when you drink.
That's right. You've captured me exactly. Goodnight.
Not for me.
I wanted it
You needn't use that language with me
It's 12th Century. From Deauville -- in France.
You are being typically theatrical, Marion. I need the Tribune to--
There is nothing to discuss-
We are in no "pickle" -- as you would euphemistically have it.
I will not defend my life to you--
There's nothing to explain
This picture--
Marion--
One . . . buys things.
Yes.
It's not really--
The S.E.C. has turned down my request for relief on the debts.
Nothing for you to worry about, darling
He is a Bolshevik. He will have us at war by the end of the year. I think I'm going to run that wheelchair picture.
The Journal was pretty harsh to Roosevelt today.
She's a Catholic. She says it would put her soul in peril. Divorce is a very serious sin, apparently.
Darling, I talked to Millicent.
There's no call for that language-
Good. Retain that feeling. Let it nourish you from this day forth. It shall nourish us both
And how do you feel when you are lied to?
Please be quiet.
I pay you a good deal of money to be my eyes and ears in Hollywood, do I not? If you cannot provide this simple service you are of no use to me.
Why did we not know about this sooner?
Miss Parsons, I have one additional question for you.
Thank you for your time
Yes?
How so?
