Yeah, you're probably right.
Aw, cheer up, George'll probably be running Fox by the morning. Let's get a drink.
Shit
Face it, Orson, they're gonna hate it. I told you, not enough closeups and too many scenes with a bunch of New York actors.
Hell, I know how it ends.  Hey, Rosebud's the sled!
This ain't George's doing--!
Kinda.
I told you this was going to happen! I told you he was going to come after us! So we took the chance anyway and we lost. That's how it goes, okay? I got my check, kid, and so did you -- and that's what it's all about -- so fuck it and move on.
They won't let it out. Not Hearst. Not the other studio heads--
If he had known about KANE before you made it, you'd be dead already.
Believe you me, they're gonna do anything -- and I mean absolutely anything -- to stop that word from gettin' out.
Me, I'm proud to be a Jew, I got no problem. You don't like it, fuck you. But with these guys it's like a dirty word. All they wanna be is good red- white-and-blue Americans, and the way they see it you can't be a good American and a Jew. So Sam Goldfish becomes Sam Goldwyn and David Selznick becomes David 0. Selznick -- like anyone's gonna think he's Irish for fuck's sake--
This is just the first shot. Maestro. Sooner or later she's gonna use the word. And all those boys know that there is only one thing this country hates more than the coloreds and that's the Jews.
Who owns this town? Who runs every goddamn studio? The tribe, baby. These fuckers hear the word "Jew" and they start sweating. Like Ester Williams' pool they start sweating.
Jews. She's talking about Jews.
No she's not. Don't you get it, ya lunk? She's using code language to the studio bosses. "Bedraggled foreigners and swarthy refugees" -- who the hell do you think she's talking about?
"And how is the country to feel when this industry continues to employ bedraggled foreigners and swarthy refugees instead of real Americans? Doesn't Hollywood know there's a Depression on? Don't real Americans deserve work?"
No, you gotta hear this-
Hey, kid. Gregg.
I don't give a shit about-
I don't care.
Fuck you.  You wanted me out. I'm out.
Uh huh.
YOU CAN'T DO THIS TOME -- THIS WAS OUR STORY, REMEMBER? -- YOU AND ME AND GODDAMN EVERYONE ELSE - - REMEMBER THAT?!
I --um-- I don't know if I should. I ain't been drinking since I started on this--
Craig is one syllable
Cain -- like the Bible guy?
The title?
What?
It's good, huh?
Yeah, but the margins are real wide.
And when he looks up? What does he dream about?
And what does he see?
They don't have to.
She was . . . innocent
This girl on a dock. White dress. Never said a word to her.
Like a jewel. Turn it in the light and a different facet is illuminated.
Everyone sees someone different. That's what we show.
He'll destroy us.
I can't do it. okay?! I drink too much -- I drink all the fucking time and I don't have it anymore. All that is over for me--
And yeah, sure, Hearst's a great subject. Been keeping notes on him for years for my ...  great American novel. But I can't do it anymore. No studio's gonna hire me and I - -
When I was a kid I wanted to scorch the world too - - I had all kinda dreams about making great pictures and telling great stories. But all that's finished for me--
I don't have it anymore?!
Fuck you--
Let me out.
Don't do this
Don't do this
Sorry to disappoint.
Fuck you
You may think you know what you're talking about, kid, but believe me, you don't. You're talking about going into a battle you can never win on a battlefield so far above things like movies and Hollywood that Hearst won't even have to glance down when he crushes you. When he flicks you away with one finger. I'm talking about money and influence and evil beyond your capacity to imagine Hell.
Howard Hughes, he would just kill us. Hearst he would kill us and fuck everything we ever loved.
Listen to you. You child! Men like him don't bother with things like legality. They don't have to. You know why, boy-o?   Power.   Power like you couldn't even begin to imagine.
Orson. Stop. Just stop
Don't whisper it. Don't even think it
Please don't say this.
Oh Christ
Oh Christ...
This better be good
Oh for Christ's sake-
Okay, boy wonder, what?
Orson, please ... it's too bright
Yeah, it's the place God would have built, if he'd had the money.
The whole joint is half the size of Rhode Island.
No, baby, those are the hands of a killer
The old man has his own way of doing things
I don't wanna write about no spic.
Who the hell's Manolete?
Kid, you just got your ass kicked on Joseph Conrad and now you're gonna go to Schaefer and tell him you wanna do the id and the superego? Stop being so goddamn smart.
Sure. Dropped her out of his Lockheed over Utah
I'm not fucking with Hughes. That shit-kicker would kill us dead, baby. Just like Jean Harlow
Christ, we gotta go! The old man doesn't cotton to lateness.
Like a bug.
Right-
You're a laugh-riot, kid.
Then you better get ready to be the youngest never- was in Hollywood history.
Butts on seats. That's what movies are about. You got one job in Hollywood -- everyone has the same job, in fact -- putting the butts on the seats. You gotta sell 'em popcorn and Pepsi- cola. It's all about popcorn and Pepsi-cola.
Who the hell wants to see life?! People are sick to death of life! They want make-believe, pal. Fantasy. They want Tarzan and Jane, not Tristan and Isolde.
Nope.
What are movies about?
What are movies about, Orson?
But you keep coming up with the same elitist crap - - HEART OF DARKNESS with a million dollar budget?! - - no one wants to see that.
I don't know what you expected with Joseph- fucking-Conrad for Chrissake. I mean this is Hollywood, pal.
So ain't this just the bee's knees? The high muckey-mucks dolled up all Aztec-like for the human sacrifice.
Monstro! Ran into Walter Winchell outside He wants to play Herod in the picture. Hiya, George.
Oh God.
Yeah, ain't it swell?
