But I am That's the killer, honey.
The character that's supposed to be me, Susan Alexander--
You know this CITIZEN KANE picture? About Pops and everything?
Yeah. But all of a sudden it's not
Thing that bothers me now, though, looking back is that I really think I could have been something ... special.
I did my best but, well, you know me
When I met him I was just 20. And he was 55. I saw the gold ring and just grabbed on. And he was going to make me a star.
He needs me here.
I can't
And attractive in a hammy sort of way.
Mr. Welles certainly is a caution
It's not so bad here. After all, what girl doesn't want to live in a castle?
With about twenty of his spies on my tail. No thanks.
That's why he has the parties, he says it's like bringing the world to me.
God, these parties are the worst
And we would hear them scuttling around at night with their little red eyes and little yellow t-t- teeth and I'm just imagining plague lice jumpin' all over the damn place So we set t-t-traps everywhere. And every morning we would find the t-t-traps sprung but no mice!
I don't want you to--
I just want to understand--
Fuck you, Mr. Kane.
Tough shit. We need to t-t-talk about this--
You will not walk out on me
But why? Just so you can show it all off -- just so everyone can see what a b-b-big man you are?!
There's a different between want and
Did you need it? Did you need any of it?
I know where Deauville is for C-C-Christ's sake.
That -- did you need that? How much did that cost?
You don't need it! That's the problem you always think you need everything--
You don't have any money left, okay?! That's the truth. I don't wanna say it, nobody else will say it, but it's the truth. You spent it all. You can't buy the Tribune in Chicago -- you can't buy ^ g-g- goddamn thing. Now you better face up to it--
You gotta wake up now. Pops.
I'm not asking you to defend anything. But we're in a pickle and we gotta talk about it.
A million dollars a year on art and st-st-statues and there's nothing to explain?!
Then you explain it to me?!
I am not that woman.
Bought and p-p-paid for. Just like one of his goddamn statues. Well at least in the movie he married her!
Nailed us, hub? The crazy old man and his whore.
Well -- he got us, didn't he? She stands and goes quickly to pour a drink. A forced laugh
How does one get 125 million dollars in debt?
We're 125 million dollars in debt?
How much?
How much?
Pops
How bad is it?
Don't
You oughta lay off him -- he is the p-p-president, after all.
Nuts. She only cares about the money. She thinks I'll make you cut her out of the w-w-w-w...  will.
There. That's right.
This is supposed ta be Siam or some such. Some kinda lousy B-B-Balinese temple. This look like a temple to you? I can't see it myself--
There certainly is I There certainly is! Aw, to hell with you!
Goddamn it. I gotta have some kinda life!
As I said I have some j-j-j-j-  that I might wish t-t-to sell and I wanted an estimate--
Thank you -- b-b-but I'd really like t-t-to--
Thank you-
Yes.
I, um, need an estimate on some jewelry I might wish to sell. But d-d-discretion is very important to me b-b-because I don't want anyone t-t-to, um, know that--
