Can I talk to Hearst?
Oh for God's sake, Louella-
Louella, please, be reasonable, I understand you have problems with Orson's picture but maybe we can work something out--
Hearst?
He personally asked you to?
That might be a tad difficult because Orson is scoring the picture now and he's very particular about the music--
No -- no -- I mean--
Louella, hello, I was just fixing a drink, would you like--?
Herman.
I been talking to Swanbeck in New York and... Orson, I think they're gonna take it A long pause as Welles looks at Schaefer
And they went to the stockholders in New York.
They came to me with an offer. 800,000 for the negative and all the prints.
He truly doesn't care if he ever works again.
Get out.
Get out
You talked to Mr. Swanbeck?
You talked to New York?
You're lying to me.
You're going to destroy it
To do what?
Very generous
Without me. I'm afraid. I got the axe this morning.
It was the best, kid
You know something, Orson, you haven't done anything but lie to me from the moment we met. But, ya know, I'd do it again in a second.
Oh God. . .
Happy birthday.
I think you better sit down
The Palace in New York. But Orson there's something else.
Hold on a sec. I got news. We finally found somewhere to premiere KANE but--
No, we're jake. But listen-
You wanna commit suicide, fine! You got some death- wish, fine! But you will not drag this company down with you!
This isn' t some kinda fucking game! You know how many people RKO employs?! You know how many people depend on what we do for a living?!
Who the fuck are you trying to kid? You are that soulless monster.
Do you every think for one second that you might have some responsibility for what you're doing?! For cutting and slashing everything in your way so you can have your goddamn movie?!
"Your movie" -- I am so sick of that! It's your movie -- but it's his life! Did you ever think about that?! Did you ever think about that old man and Marion having to watch as you tore them apart?!
How dare you talk to me like that! Do you think I'm like all the rest of those pirates?! Like Mayer and Warner? Is that what you think--?!
For Christ's sake, shut up--
Well it' s all you've got !
Listen to me. The press ban is killing us and the distributors won't book it. And meantime I'm dealing with the stockholders in New York who are scared shitless -- and I'm this far from getting fired myself -- and you don't have a friend in the world but me right now. So you have got to trust that I'll do what I can to--
You don't think I've tried? No one is willing to open the picture
What do you want me to do, Orson? Radio City won't premiere the picture. Louella threatened them with some bullshit about
And this is the evening edition. Notice anything?
When Hedda says "I'm coming" you mix a lot of martinis and you pray.
They've all seen a rough cut
For the title
It's the safe bet, Orson. There's nothing wrong with that.
Do WAR OF THE WORLDS as a feature and everyone's happy. You make some money and New York's happy and you have a track record and then we'll move on to KANE.
Now don't have a fit -- but I want you to think again about doing WAR OF THE WORLDS-
Listen, get off your horse with me. You know I've stuck by you since the beginning of time it seems like, while the stockholders in New York were ready to cut and run and everyone else in Hollywood was set to toss me in a rubber room. But your contract stipulates a max budget of 500 thousand. This one's gonna come in at 750 thousand. What do we do about that?
Now look, Orson, let's not get ahead of ourselves. The budget projections on this--
CITIZEN KANE There's your title.
CITIZEN KANE
