That poor woman.
Carole, you wound me! As if I could hope to pacify you with evasions of--
Oh, but haven't you heard? I'm the Boy Wonder. I've been a genius since the moment I was born.
Am I?
I wonder sometimes.
Not you too
No, when I was but a tender lad--
Ever met Walter Winchell?
Elegant words, sir, when you have made your name and your fortune on slander and innuendo and gossip. In your papers you taught the world how to look under every rock. I learned at the knee of the master.
Do you?
I'll remember that.
So I've been told.
To make pictures.
And director.
My name is Orson Welles
"A toast then, Jedediah, to love on my own terms. Those are the only terms anybody ever knows, his own."
You're not going to get another chance, boy! Look right at the monster and you tell him--
This is the chance you've been waiting for, boy. Tell that son of a bitch just what you think of him!
Then make them up! You're drunk and you're angry.
Keep filming.
"Well, if you got drunk to talk to me about Miss Alexander, don't bother. I'm not interested. I've set back the sacred cause of reform, is that it? All right, if that's the way they want it, the people have made their choice. It's obvious the people prefer Jim Gettys to me."
I am not doing Hearst.
That's right. A symphony of those: vaunted and valued tellers-of-truth. Those heroic minutemen standing sentry on our liberties--
Good God no! The character is a delicious amalgamation of various press barons--
We're using-
What we are going to do is shoot life -- in all it's joyous complexity.
Tome it's a question of truth and illusion. Don't you get tired of the errant falsity in motion pictures?
You know, all this nightmare we went through with Hearst. The whole thing... And in the end, probably no one will ever remember the picture anyway.
What have I done?
George...
Mank!
You gonna watch?
YOU STUPID, LITTLE MAN! HOW COULD YOU HAVE LET THIS HAPPEN?! I GAVE YOU MY SOUL AND NOW YOU'RE GOING TO SELL IT!?
Is that from one of the Gospels?
You wrote the damn thing, Mank Aren't you going to fight for it?!
It's too late. The movie's made
What?! Are they going to kill me? Is that what they're going to do?!
What does this have to do with--?
Christ.
So they're Jews. . .
Hedy Lamarr?
Well, at least she's off KANE today
No, but I can imagine. What am I today? A "puny upstart" or a "spoiled dilettante" -- no, she wouldn't know how to spell that
Mank, sit down. You missed the opening of the new picture but I'll go back--
He was a drunk. And he was my father and I was ashamed of him.
Did I ever tell you about my father?
I'm sorry.
I want you back
I just can't . . see it anymore
And I'm looking at them -- and they're all looking at me and I don't know who should pour the tea. '
Jesus Christ --
To my invaluable comrade Drink up!
But it's not a great syllable
K-A-N-E. One strong syllable. Kane I
No, AMERICAN is a blessed title directly sent from God's soul to your mind. We shall never change that! I mean the name of the publisher. Charles Foster Craig doesn't have the knives-out poetry I need. I was thinking about "Kane" -- you like that?
Short enough. But this is a grand start And I think we need to change the name.
Good?! Good?! Words fail you at last! It's terrific! Now I'll have to do some shaping, of course, and some of the scenes aren't exactly . . . exactly . . .
It is 350 pages of ... ABSOLUTE INSPIRATION!
It's 350 pages long.
The people. When they pay him homage, he adores them. But when they have the ... audacity to question him. To doubt him. To embarrass him. Then he despises them.
Hearst looks down at the world at his feet Everything has always been beneath him.
He loves in his own way. On his conditions. Because those are the only conditions he has ever known.
All men love. But men like Hearst -- they don't bother with convention because--
Why her?
The key -- the key -- the clue -- what does this man recall on his death bed? Okay, Mank, you're dying. What's the last image that comes to you? Right now.
How?
So, who is he? We have to know him.
Then let him. What have we got to lose, you and I?
NOT UNLESS I. TELL YOU IT IS
I'll hire you  -- right now-
It doesn't have to be
I am giving you the last chance you will ever have to be yourself again!
Listen to me-
--Because he has been so furiously busy wasting himself. Amusing his keepers. Because he is a sycophant! Because he has been thrown out of every studio in Hollywood and no one will hire him because he's a drunk- -!
Where did he go? He hasn't had a screen credit in four years--
I remember a man who wrote I He was a brilliant writer who dazzled me time and time again with his wit and insight--
How does it feel, Mank? Going up to the palace and making all the lords and ladies laugh as you tell your little stories and beg for crumbs at the table? How does it feel being the ugly little monkey they keep to amuse themselves--?!
I expected more from you.
So speaks the court jester.
We're doing Hearst.
Now remember he's a public figure who sought out that publicity so legally he can't stop us from--
How long have we spent casting our minds about the world when the answer to our prayers was right here under our noses -- every single day in the newspapers and on the radio -- waiting for us in that ridiculous castle! Waiting for--!
Mank-
Yes.
Image the possibilities as this man controls the public perception of the nation through his--
Image a man that has shaped his time. A titanic figure of limitless influence. Think about empire. A man with an empire at his feet. A man, like a baron, living in a palace, a glorious palace on a hill, and controlling the permutations of everyone beneath him. Feudal.
I know who we're going to get I The great American biography! A journey into the soul of the beast.
Listen ... I've got it! It came to me like a thief in the night! Pure inspiration! Total magnificence!
Here you are, up with the birds for once, you vampire!
Mank! You scoundrel! What took you so long?!
Jesus
"In Xanadu did Kubla Khan a stately pleasure dome decree. . . "How big is it, all told? The estate?
Look at those hands. Those are the hands of an artist. A modern Caravaggio.
He's nothing but a hypocrite. He preaches morality every day in his sordid little papers for everyone else in the world but he lives openly with his mistress.
The man doesn't allow drinking or cigars? This is monstrous.
No, it's perfect! When in doubt, put on a cape! False noses and faux beards and flowing capes have been the life-blood of the actor's craft since the days of lrving and Booth.  Imagine me in a glittering suit of lights on the dusky Andalusian plains--
The great Spanish bullfighter
Manolete?!
Sigmund Freud?
Howard Hughes killed Jean Harlow?
How about Howard Hughes? We could do Hughes
But with compassion and insight--
We find the man and then we dissect him-
So, we've got to come up with our movie. Our biography.
That's better than being the oldest has-been in Hollywood history.
Not for me.
Magic
Showing life
Telling stories.
Forget it-
Nonsense
All right! Enough! I've heard this from Schaefer and RKO. I've heard it from everyone--
Again
Again
Again
Again.
Again.
So, on to the Life Of Christ!
It was fun, wasn't it?
Relax, George. It's gonna go great. Trust me. Have I ever lied to you?
It's my birthday this week. I'll be 26.
I don't want to sit
I told you! Where? Grauman's? El Capitan? Or did Radio City come crawling back?
Look, not a single scene shot in the studio! We've found natural locations for the whole story--
You're not still mad at me, I hope
It was a -joke, George
I really think you're
That soulless monster gets no tears from me.
It's just that my movie is so-
Why don't you just have the guts to admit it
You're with them, aren't you? You're going to bury my movie. They bought you!
"Do what you can"?! That's not good enough I
Then we'll open it in Detroit or Dallas or Kalamazoo for God's sake! We'll show it in goddamn circus tents and--!
Then find another theater
The ad..
The magazines are one thing -- but Hedda! Why did we have to let her come?!
This is an abomination There's no music and--
Ah, it's a grand title.
Please don't ask me to do this.
Jesus
I know, I know! But what more can you expect of me?! I have pared this story down to the marrow to save money but to cut more would be to--!
A "Z" and a "K" in the title. That would draw the eye. For the poster. I like that THE PRISONER OF ZENDA had a "Z" and a "P" and that worked--
Pardon?
It's an awful title, of course, but I can't think of anything better. Someone came up with A SEA OF UPTURNED FACES -- which has a nice, grand ring to it -- and I thought of JOHN CITIZEN, USA but that strikes me as a bit Warner Brothers. Or, God forbid, Capraesque. I suppose AMERICAN will do for now but--
Yes! Vibrant and modern and stark like a Picasso sketch drawn to flashes of lightning I We shoot the whole thing in the gallant American West--
I'm Christ
Yes!
Yeah.
How 'bout a real drink?
Take apart the fucking camera rig -- we could get a few more inches down and then tilt up--
I need my shoes in total focus right here and also Joe back there--!
It's just not low enough. This is the scene. We have to look up at these two man as pillars soaring to the sky. As towering virtues in combat--
Five...? Yes. No. We're done today
