Soon as I rest a bit.  I meant as soon as we are back to normal again, anytime.
They're too big.
Yes.
Oh here we go with that.
Well, you are his grandfather. He is supposed to spend some time with you. You're supposed to show him those woodsy things and this and that.
Why, you don't want us to bring him over?
We got the same thing.
I hadn't forgotten. I ordered some cloth but it didn't come in and I felt so bad if I would have come to her birthday without that, I just stayed at home.
I pay my own way.
I tried to call to let you know I was going to be late.
I'm cold. I need to get out into the sunlight.
I'll drive her to the hospital.
My name is Sam. Samuel.
I'm leaving and don't even call me when the shoe falls 'cause all he did for me was to try and run my life. I'm tired of people saying Babe Brother this, Babe Brother that. What's my name?
I told you about calling me boy. I ain't no boy. See, you and Dad got a bad habit of calling me boy. You call me boy in front of my wife. You think I'm going to fix the roof? I hope the wind blows the whole damn thing off and it pours down rain.
You always got the best of it around here and when Dad always talks about my son, it is always you, so you fix the roof.
I told her I would if she would give me time.
Maybe I can get down there next week.
This is what it is all about, trying to keep from being out on the street.
Why are you always afraid to get somewhere?
You always got something to say.
You all don't believe me when I tell you I'm afraid of heights.
I guess it proves you really care about me. You hung in there.
It was nip and tuck.
I couldn't believe the things I was doing. It was like an internal struggle going on inside my body.
It was like all those things old country people try to tell you what hell is like.
It's like I've been swimming in muddy waters.
I have more sense than to give up everything, my family, you and Sunny. It wasn't me, I mean the real me inside my body. I'm glad it's over. It's like a veil has been lifted.
You okay?
Linda, how come you don't see that Sunny puts his shoes on right?
I don't need that kind of love. And I don't want to be reminded all the time that Big Mama's grandmother was born in slavery. If you really care about me, just tell me how I can make money.
Why does he always pick on me?
I preached to Mom and Dad about it but they are stuck in their ways, it's like talking to a brick. But if there is a way...
Pops put Big Daddy's farm in Rhonda's and Sunny's name and fixed it so no one can borrow on it.
Will you still get the money from your father?
Why don't you come in for a while?
I don't see you crying about my drinking it.
What is a sip of coffee going to do?
My daddy never gave me anything without my having to sweat for it. Every summer, the way they kept me and Junior out of trouble was to send us to Big Daddy's farm. We would get up with the chickens. Every summer the fence had to be repaired. The barn needed a coat of paint. We had to pip all of Big Mama's hundred laying hens and go to church all day on Sunday. For Big Daddy, calluses and sweat were the mark of a man. Sunny will never have to bust his knuckles like we did.
Can't I be myself without you jumping in with your right and wrong? The world is not black and white. Show me one perfect person. If you can't, don't ask me to be.
I'm busy.
Harry is coming to pick me up.
I'm going back home with Harry.
I need to get my suitcase out of the garage.
Doesn't he look a whole of lot better?
He will be alright.
I was hoping you came to the door instead of him. It gets cold at night.
Babe Brother.
This would be a bad time for me to leave.
I heard his voice as clear as day. I better get back. Maybe something is wrong.
I could swear I heard my son call me.
Anytime you need someone to do something for you, just let me know.
It is just a regular card.
What is that?
Don't pick up the cards if you are not in the game. Did he die?
Did you ever have to use this thing?
