Here I am thinking about myself when poor Harry is resting on the floor of the kitchen.
When are you boys going to fix that roof?
How come you're not wearing my shoes?
Babe Brother, is that my shirt that you're wearing?
Junior spends time with his child.
No, it's that when do you have time to be parents to him? You guys don't pick him up until nine, ten at night. You are into yourselves, as the saying goes. Spend some time trying to be parents. Take him to the mountains, fishing. You ought to let him get to know nature.
What did your wife get her?
Your mother asked me not to mention it but your mother's birthday was last week.
Since when?
That's a lie.
What time is it? Do you think you can just treat us like your slave? It's after one.
Now how far would further out be?
We grow most of our own food. The money I get from social security, my pension and my wife's work, keeps us living on the edge. What choice do people like us have.
I always had chickens, ducks and whatnots.
It's only a tale.
But these are white people, anybody. The punch...
I'm almost finished. I'm about to come to the punch line.
He's going to check out heaven first. He gets a round trip ticket to heaven. He gets in heaven and finds it just like back home. People dripping with sweat, working in the fields, hardly surviving. He asked a man who was getting a drink of water, "I thought the streets were paved with gold." "They are but you won't see them," he said. "Boy, you got to work day and night cause idleness is sinfulness." So he takes the other half of his ticket and takes the express to hell. He sees people stretched out on their backs kicking back, picking their teeth. "Man, this is a dream." He asked, "What's you'll doing?" They all hollered back, "Sinning." The devil was shaking hands with everyone and came up to him and said, "Please to meet you." He asked, "I thought you'll was supposed to be burning in fire." Someone said, "Man, ain't no fire down here except under that pot of chitlins." The man was going go ask the preacher back on earth...
What did you put on it?
What happened to your hand?
Gal, you're talking to John Henry. When was I sick?
What, are you having another party?
How is that hen doing? I was meaning to pip her before I fell sick.
How is the garden doing?
It's good to be able to hear that.
I will appreciate that.
I have to feed the chickens before they wake everybody up.
I'm worn out.
Let us go back in before the night of celebration becomes a night of me killing my son.
I wouldn't care if I drop dead if he learn something from it.  Son, you make me wish I was dead.
No, I'm too hot now.
Well, it's up to Suzie.
Babe Brother is a poor boy.
I'm trying to make him a man but you keep babying him.
You're always taking his side.
He ain't nothing like me. How come a man has to have sons that are day and night apart? You ought to stop protecting him.
I'm not going to let him get away with murder.
I asked you to wake me when Babe Brother comes.
Your feet are cold.
Look! Don't try to get ahead by riding our backs.
I don't know how two brothers can be so different.
Babe Brother and his wife are taking advantage of a situation. I hate to be mean to people but picking Sunny up when they feel like it has to come to an end. Now I'm going to ask him how come he couldn't be at your birthday.
My mind plays tricks on me. Is it okay if I take a bath now?
I tell you, I feel like a ghost.
Haven't the years been good to Hattie?
My daddy called me boy up to the time he died. I was always boy to him.
You're suppose to teach your children what you know. Junior, I don't have to worry about. Babe Brother is a different story.
I tried to teach him right from wrong just like I did his Junior.
You and Babe Brother hit it off so well.
What could have caused this? I just changed this damn thing.
It was slow. Now it seems like everyone is having births at home.
Well, I would appreciate that.
I was going to get up and get a hen out there for dinner, but time got away.
You ought to come hear our preacher. Remember old Cat Iron? Well, our preacher is just as strong.
It's the boy next door throwing at his birds. I'm just waiting on him to hit a pane in the window
Man, act like this is your home.
Man, put your boxes down and stay as long as you like. We have empty rooms since the boys got their own families and moved out.
Stay until you feel better? I would like to hear all the news.
Why didn't you catch a plane?
He knows better. Sunny, apologize to Harry.
This is my grandson, Sunny. He is my youngest son's child.
