We are going where the action is. Ain't that right, Okra?  Let's play for a couple of bucks unless you want to start off with two bits and work our way up.  What would you give to be rich?
I don't want to wear out welcome, but you can stay in someone's heart longer than you can stay in their house. Come with us, boy. We are going to have a good time.
You probably heard the wind stirring up those dead leaves over there.
Son, would you do me a favor and see if you could turn off that tap in the bathroom. My hand is too weak. And would you do me another favor? I don't like asking this but would you clean the tub for me? I have trouble bending over.
Son, I can take everything you got with that deck. It is marked. Now I'm going to show you how to make some money in case you get stuck somewhere.
Never play with someone's else's cards. You always get a new deck. Look at this card. See anything?
Boy, that is the real South. That is real corn liquor.
I don't know what happened to him. He just ran out into the streets.  I got some old records I want you to hear. I like the blues sung simply, man and a guitar. Or sung by a woman who had bad luck all her life. Don't ever let anyone tell you his life's story if it is of a weary life full of sadness. When I was a boy, a man told me a story of how he lost all of his sons and I'll be damned if the same thing didn't happen to me.
That is called a crab apple switch. It's for those bad acting monkeys and just the thing for a mean dog. Now I don't know if I actually did what I did or got my life and story mixed in with other folk's stories but I seem to recall that I had to use my crab apple on a boy from back home. I was up in Memphis working on the railroad, like your daddy who had an easy job. He would sing a song that had a cadence and we would lay track. Anyway I was coming down Beale Street and I heard this music coming from a saloon. Sure enough it was Emory. My daddy taught both of us to play but Emory was natural at it. Got in a blues band and what not. He and another boy had killed a boy named Hocker sometime back and they balled the Jack leaving town. Emory had lost one eye and had a scar running down his face. Bad luck I would say. He got to drinking that corn liquor. We went to his girl's room and he wouldn't stop drinking. He started talking about the old days and he went mad. He pulled his knife and I got to mine first. The lights went out.
Boy, I thought you were about to cross the river.
It hasn't been the years; it's been the men in her life.
'Course, you could be right. Your sons are alive. All my sons are dead.
You still call him boy. You call Babe Brother boy in front of his wife and son.
Everyone has to follow his own plough. A man doesn't have to know how to cut a wick and clean a chimney nowadays. City people don't give a hoot and a holler about the shape of the moon nowadays. You don't plant old ways...  ... but, at the end, you find yourself doing what your father did but you have to have the land in you.  It's when you want to give the house or farm to the kids and they don't want it. You sell it to a stranger. You worked your whole life, for what?  I doubt if people nowadays have knowledge of a victory garden or seen an inch worm. All what we've experienced has no meaning.
Course, it is your business, but I feel obliged to tell you that maybe you have not been fair with the boy.
Everything these days is made overseas.
How often is your wife called to help delivery?
Oh, I would feel much at home if you let me get one for you. I haven't wrung a chicken's neck in a month of Sundays. You know, folks would call my daddy to kill their hogs. That used to be my trade from time to time.
Next time when I feel a little better perhaps.
Good morning.
I'm going to wash up now. You all please excuse me.
That's awful generous of you. I always ask to keep from wearing out welcome.
Well if you're sure, I won't be a bother. Oh, I don't sleep on no spring mattress. I always make myself a pallet on the floor.
I'm worn out but won't you feel like you are taking in a stranger?
My feet have never been on anything that wasn't directly attached to the ground.
I came all the way from Detroit by bus going to Oakland. The bus stopped in Los Angeles. I had to get off and take a rest. I'll catch the last bus leaving at midnight. I'm just too tired to go on.
Boy, that is bad luck to touch a fellow with a broom.
He kind of favors one of my boys when he was about his age.
You invited me.
I don't make no bones about where I'm going to spend eternity. I have always been wild and you know that. If you are made to feel half a man, what do you think the other half is?
Since she has repented, all she does is throw stones.
As God is my witness, I have never done anything to that woman.
Good afternoon, ladies.
I made a fresh pot of coffee. Okra and I thought you need a rest. I'll stand guard. Okra wants to talk to you anyway.
How is he doing?
Only if you can spare it.
That smells like fresh coffee.
You just run along. I'll fix him his soup. He will be all right.
Let me earn my keep. I'll go out and get a hen and have it picked and ready for the pot. Try to make him some cow tea next time.
I hope that it's nothing serious.
Ah, you young folks don't know how it is. How is Gideon today?
How is everybody?
What's the problem here?
You got to know everything, do everything, and be everything.
I'll be right there.
All those places that us coloreds lived, that we used to call Bottoms, have all been changed to Drives and Heights. Everything is in what you call it, not in what it is.
You remember that boy who lost his mind, Joe? You could hear him pitching horseshoes at night in the dark. He wouldn't miss a one. Make him mad and call yourself running in the house to be safe. He would pick up a brick and say "go on in there brick and hit somebody" and it would find its mark.
Where we come from, you had to know how to act right. You had to know how to say yes sir and no sir. You had to know your place.
No, if I rest any longer, I won't sleep tonight. May I use your bathroom to wash up a bit?
Good evening. It must be all the different time zones I crossed that makes me feel this weary.
Well, I don't want to put you out.
Emory had made a lot of enemies. He had a big mouth.
Those boys never did have good luck.
I think if anybody had a hand in killing Hocker, you ought to ask or you should have asked Emory and Chick.
Strange as it may seem, it might have cleared the waters. Sometimes the right action comes from the wrong reason.
What difference does it make if it's persimmon, oak tree or huckleberry bush?
Wasn't Hocker lynched?
Now who are we talking about?
Oh, I wasn't pointing my finger at you. Hey, you have to think of yourself. A lot of them have all kinds of diseases and will cut your throat while you sleep. There are too many bad people out there.
Of course not. Have you ever heard of a man jumping in the river to save five hundred drowning people? No you ain't.  You have to take just one and fatten him up. When you spread help too thin, you , you just nickel and dime the situation. If you try to save all, all die but if you save one life, life goes on. You just have to remember, medicine that works leaves a bitter taste.
Good God Almighty, bless your bones.  But the problem grows.
How many people do you all feed?
Well, you and your husband are special. Ya, Gideon tells me you do volunteer work to help feed the poor.
A woman in family way just reminds of spring and my younger days.
I already have, my dear.
Oh. I'm sorry. Gideon, what do you say?
Speaking of tappy heads, we ought to have an old fashion fish fry.
"Out of weariness, I spoke to my own heart; to leave it all and to die. And I gave my heart to know madness and folly."
Now I was trying to be nice, to make conversation, since we go back some.
That is a boy from home, Lulla's brother.
I know your mother ain't still operating that house of hers.
Why run out and close the barn door when the horse is gone? I remember when you weren't saved. That was way back yonder when the Natchez Trace was just a dirt road.
Girl, do you still sing and dance?
You never know what's in the heart and just because you can cry doesn't make you human.
Ya, but you can't do the shuffle with one leg. You and your wife, in your spare time, work with the less fortunate. Now I'm not talking about you and what you do but some folks that always run to help the victim, deep down are attracted to pain and suffering and love to be near the dying.
Well some folks are still waiting for their comeuppance. Don't take me wrong but you can't judge people by how you act. You're a caring person.
Country people got so many strange ways,
Some folks take that natural stuff too far.
Did you have your child at home?
In some things. When we were children, there used to be an old man that came around and would snatch your soul if you didn't have something on you that didn't make a X.
You don't want to be at crossroads without one. It's a charm that old people teach you how to make. I had one for a long time that belonged to my grandmother who had it ever since she was a child.  In my travels I misplaced it. I have been looking over my shoulder ever since.
I let this rabbit foot do in place of my toby that I lost years ago.
Not you mustn't touch. Your mama might not like you handling knives.
Oh, I'm more modern in my ways. I don't believe in sin, though there is good and evil.  And evil is a thing you work at.
