I do have a right to ask you to be a little bit better than me and your father because we gave you a better head start. You have no right to complain to us about your not having enough.  You sit right there with your no manners self.
Don't make me raise my hand to you. You have to see for yourself that you are going in the wrong direction.
Have you lost your mind? Have you thought about your wife and child, not to mention your sick father? And I need your help to move his bed from under the leak in the ceiling.
I've heard some foolish things in my life.
What for?
Well, you look better than you did yesterday.
This doesn't make any sense; you are going to drag that poor boy out in the cold air.
Who is it?
I don't care to hear any jokes about people being in hell. This cut on my hand reminds me that it is nothing to laugh at.
I don't want to hear any tales about colored people...
I don't want to hear any joke about colored people being in hell. You're being irreverent.
It's healing now.
I cut it on an old rusty knife.
Since this morning.
You better come sit down. You are still sick.
I need to get out there and get those weeds out.
You must have been really sick.
You stay inside. I will see to them.
Just stay in bed and rest.
No. Before anyone moves, you two shake hands and don't carry it any further.
Gideon, don't say things like that.
You better be careful. You'll get a stroke arguing.
Do you want your coat? It's cold out here.
It would be nice.
You know, Babe Brother's wife just dumps greens in the pot without washing them.
You're going to find yourself on the floor.
Hush.
Hush.
You and Babe Brother are so much alike...
You all act like two roosters.
Go back to sleep.
Let us settle this tomorrow.
Don't bother the poor boy. It just takes some people a little longer to figure out who they are.
Everyone is gone. Rhonda is in the bathroom.
Only if you are a good man, a friend. Are you a friend?
I'm glad you brought that up as to who you are. I have to know who is in my house.
Hattie is a different person now.
You must have done something to her.
Good afternoon to you.
As long as he keeps his throat clear, he is able to get some rest.
Let me get you a cup?
Can you watch Gideon for a while? One of the girls is going into labor. Junior is going to drive me over.
He has never gotten rid of the malaria. He is usually up and at it the next day. I'm going to make him fresh chicken broth.
He wasn't able to get out of bed today.
Tolerable well.
She has a fish bone caught in her throat. Could all of you go in the other room? Gideon, get some bread and toast it quickly and find me the cod liver oil.
Harry, you know everything.
I have someone I want you to meet.
I was afraid to go to Marcus Bottom because of him.
Those days you could always find something redeeming about even the worst person.
One can tell you are from back home. These people nowadays don't know what manners are.
You should go back and rest.
Stranger my foot, it was my grandmother who helped you into this world.
What must I do?
I can't accuse him just dry long 80.
I asked Harry about it. He didn't own up to it. He said he didn't know what got into Okra.
You know Okra asked me to marry him the other evening.
I remember Harry always trying to help someone. He got Lulla's daughter out of trouble. He was always running to the store for someone who couldn't leave the house.
No, but I might have some Indian Chief Tonic.
I planted a row just for you and you don't owe me anything.
I know you didn't but you have been so thoughtful.
It is so considerate of you.
How are you?
