Please ... don't do this ...
Whatever you say, man.  Look ... can we talk about this?
Danny?
I thought you'd be happy.
Took a pig-slicker to the heart.
Pumped fifty-seven bullets into a police informant.
We got the 411 on your good old boy.
I'm afraid so, Danny.
That's probably what he would have done if we hadn't found out about your get-rich-quick scheme.
Guy scores dope and dollar from ripping off other drug dealers.  As least that's what the word is.
That's because he doesn't have one.
You think you're so god damned smart, don't you?
Bullshit. He's a liar.
No. You just handed us a new one.  We can go Federal on your ass right now: ongoing criminal conspiracy. Intent to buy and distribute $250,000 worth of crank.  What's the mandatory on that, Al?
Well, if you'd rather do a stretch in la casa grande ...
You've got no choice.
Did you really think you were slick enough to pull this off?
What're your taking down?
You better not be blowing smoke up My ass, Flynne.
This chink have a name?
You think this is funny motherfucker?
Okay, asshole, you wanna play, we'll play.
Cut the shit, Flynne.
Question is, what are you doing here?
Soon. I promise.  We'll get the charges dropped and you can disappear.  In the mean time, trust me, he has no idea that you ratted him out.
Look, we'll talk to the A.D.A.
Danny, he isn't gonna find out it's you.  Domingo was a slinger, he must have sold to hundreds of different people.
I was getting to it.
Bobby laid his own tracks.  He could have gone quietly but he played the hard-ass con till the end. And as far as I'm concerned, he wife and kid are a hell of a lot better off without him.  Now take the money.
Just the way the world works.  Look, as far as tweakers go, you aren't a bad guy.  You never hurt anyone but yourself as far as I know.
The money? The drugs? Keeping yourself out of jail? I know the drill.
It's not my place.
Garcetti thinks everything is shit. He doesn't even like dolphins.
Hard to compare the people you're taking down with the Lord.
Danny, I'm touched.
God damn, Flynne, you are one observant tweaker.
No last name?
What?
You got a name?
Feeling the paranoia tonight, are we?
You go, boy.
Where's Bubba?
Yeah, I'd hate to shoot you by accident.
We're in business.
Now that's scary!
Golly, I hadn't thought of that.
And believe me, word will get out that you're a pro rat.
Yeah.  This could be the one we're looking for.
