No underwear?
In that time, you ever have sex?
You know each other a long time?
Ten-four.
Let's do it!  It's Marcus, Love, only for you.
Ten-four, hon.
Don't worry, hon. Young is here and he's gonna help out--just remember, you owe me.
She said to me, I love the way you talk on the radio.
Ten-four, hon.  This is for you.
I usually don't do calls before coffee. But I think it might do you some good.  Twelve Young is here and I'm gonna take care of you, baby. Don't you worry about a thing, yahear, cause Marcus is alive and on arrival.
What'd you mean IB Bangin? What kind of name is IB Bangin?
What's his name?
He's dead and there's nothing we can do. Come on, Frank, that's it.
No. He's dead.
Okay, what happened?
You can't leave me now.
Where you going?
Here's to the greatest job in the world.
Please, a little decorum if you will. What I was going to say is, is that holding that baby in my arms, I felt like I was twenty-one again. A call like that makes me think of going back to three nights a week, not two, start running again, cut down on the drinking.
We just saved a little baby boy. Think of it that way.
What look?
It's coming.
That's too many.
What's that, Frank?
Look at that. A fat junkie. That's a first.
No, you didn't, Frank, thank you. But there's still a couple hours left on the shift.
We're all whores, Frank. You know what I'm talking about, the way she looked at me.
Nice though, pulling back her hood as we drive by. There's a mystery to it, then she shows you.
You don't know the first thing about rule number three, cannot begin to understand the complexities of that rule. Come on, let's go look at some hookers. The Kit Kat will be letting out.  Don't ever call a junkie whore a crackhead. They get real mad.
Rule number one: Don't get involved with patients. Rule number two: Don't get involved with patient's daughters. You understand?
Went over to Sal's got this. There must be some place in Hell for a guy who sells a dollar-fifty a slice. I call you if anything comes up.
God help us, he's hungry too.
Oh, Frank, you've got it bad, so much worse than I thought.
Who's that?
No, you never listened. I was going, man, if someone on high hadn't pulled me in. I had put all I had into saving this dumbass lowlife suicidal that when he went down, there was a part of me that wanted to go with him.
I ever tell you about the time years ago I was on this ledge uptown, trying to talk this psycho inside?
He's dead unless you folks want to stop bullshitting me and tell it straight. Then, Lord willing, we'll try to bring him back.
She loves me the way no woman ever has.
She only works when I'm on. I make her wait and it drives her crazy.
It can always get worse. You can't change what's out there, only where you're coming from. You got to let the Lord take over, in here.
You ever notice people who see shit always, are crazy?
Nobody gets fired. Look at me. Only thing they might do is transfer you to the Bronx. You look like you aged ten years since I rode with you last.
My Lord mother man, you look like hell. What were you drinking?
