Come on up.
Who is it?
This is not a good time.
No, we just ate. I only remember how tough my father was. Now I know he had to be like that, to make us tough. This city'll kill you if you aren't strong enough.
I wish these people would leave already. I can't listen to another story. Did you see him?  That doctor says the brain is coming around. They're waiting for the heart to stabilize. I don't know who to believe. He says they still have to keep him tied up.
OK, last night I was weak. it won't happen again. And all that shit I said--it was just because I was stoned. Forget it.
Too bad. He called me up today, can you believe that? I don't know how he got my number. He asks me do I want to come over and see him, I tell him I'd rather go to a leper colony. He says there's a new gang that wants to kill him, take over the business. I told him I hope he's right. That they kill him. That's what I told him.
I heard CY Coates was brought in. He looked pretty bad.
Or maybe you wanna fuck me? Everyone else has.
What is it? You want to help me, you feel sorry for me? Keep it to yourself.
You and CY have a nice talk? He tell you about Sunrise Enterprises, helping people? Well, I've seen him hurt people. Why are you following me?
No, no.
Don't be a cop. If you have any doubts about this, it's my fault.
I just have to relax a little. Not feel so guilty all the time.
Promise you won't go inside.
I shouldn't have asked you to come.
No, I'll be fine. I'm just visiting a sick friend.
If I'm not back in fifteen minutes, hit the buzzer. That way she'll let me go.
I'm only asking because it's a dangerous building. There's been some robberies, a woman was raped not long ago. This woman I'm seeing, she'll want to talk to me all day, but if I can point to you out the window and say you're waiting, I can be out quick. if anything happens, I'll be in apartment 16M.
Don't say that. I wanted to cut my father loose too. They told me he almost died and five minutes later they say he's better and I go in. It's killing me seeing him fighting like that.  Look, since you're here, maybe you could do me a favor. I need you to wait for me outside this building, okay? I have to visit a friend who's sick.
I'm all right. I just can't stand to see people tied up.  I'm in the waiting room for hours, listening to Noel screaming. The only reason he's screaming is 'cause he's tied up.
I better go check on my father. Thanks for the pizza. I owe you one. Maybe when he gets better, you know, when we're done with all this.
Maybe not. I was a different person then. Does everybody you meet spill their problems on you like this?
You must get a lot of overdoses. I bet you picked me up a couple of times.
Wow, you musta seen some things, huh? What's the worst thing you ever seen?
How long you been doing this?
You married?
Like everybody else--except us. Always standing on the sidewalk waving goodbye to moving trucks. Your parents ... ?
On yeah? I went to Holy Name. Where'd you go to high school?
Yeah, or Saint Anthony. You from the neighborhood?
Not as good as Nino's.
My father was a great man, you know. There was nobody he wouldn't help. You know that crazy guy Noel who I gave water to last night? He lived in our house for almost a year. A total stranger he'd do anything for, his own family though ...
Look, I'm sorry, but it's important to me. I mean, a week ago I was wishing he was dead. And now I want hear his voice again, just once more-- you know what I mean?
He's better, though, right?
You sure? I know my father would hate to be tied down. He wouldn't even go to the dentist.
Okay.
You can't kill my father that easy. He'll fight forever. Like with me: hasn't talked to me in three years. But it's okay. Sometimes you have to put things behind you.
Sleeping.
I was going nuts in that waiting room so I came back to check on my mom.
I know. It's awful, isn't it? Night of the Living Cheerleaders.
I knew. I sensed it when I heard your voice.
He's better, isn't he?
I'll be right down.
Yes?
I'd take her, but then who would stay here?
My father's in a coma, now my mother's going crazy. It's like she's in a trance.
Thing is, I'm supposed to be the fuckup. The one on the stretcher in there--that's supposed to be me. With my parents crying out here. I got a lot of guilt, you know what I mean?
It's crazy in there. What's wrong with that doctor? He keeps mumbling, poking himself in the eye when he talks to me.
Did you see my father?
I think this place stinks.
He's dead, huh?
That boy you brought in, he was shot, wasn't he?
That's my brother's problem. He's passed out inside.
You shouldn't smoke.
That's what I told her. If she could just see him a second, then I could take her home.
Right now, I'm more worried about my mother than anything. They won't let her see my father.
I'm not so sure. My father and I haven't spoken in three years. When my brother called to say my father was having a heart attack, that he'd locked himself in the bathroom, all the way going over I was thinking how I was gonna tell him what a bastard he was. Then when I got up the stairs and we moved him onto the bed, I thought of all these other things I wanted to say.
I mean if he was dead, I could handle that.
It's the waiting that's killing me, not knowing, you know? It's really hard on my mother. The doctor doesn't think my father'll make it. He says he was dead too long, after six minutes the brain starts to die and once that goes, close the door.
It's my first cigarette in over a year.
It's not so rare. He grew up on our street. He's had a rough life and he's a little crazy from it, but that's no excuse for not giving someone a lousy cup of water.
Is there any chance?
I know him. That's Noel.
Is he going to be alright?
John, play the Sinatra.
What?
