THAT'S NONE OF YOUR BUSSINESS. I HAVE BEEN A GOOD WORKER, A GOOD AND LOYAL WORKER FOR YOU, YOU FUCKING ASSHOLE.
I don't know.
I can't believe you're gonna do this to me, the situation I'm in, I don't -- Avi: You know what?  Being hit by lighting doesn't matter for getting braces, ok? Now Solomon, let me just ask you once: Please. Please. Don't do this.
I need corrective oral surgery. I need the braces.
Oral surgery.  Corrective teeth surgery.
It doesn't matter.
I want a shot of tequila too.
Diet Coke.
yeah, yes, hi, hello.
-- and you wanna know the common element for the entire group, like he asks...I'll tell you the answer: I'll tell you, 'cause I had that question.  I had that same question....Carbon. In pencil led, it's in the form of graphite and in coal, it's all mixed up with other impurities and in the diamond it's in hard form.  "Well...all we were asking was the common element, Donnie...but thank you for all that unnecessary knowledge...ahhh, Kids!  Full of useless thoughts, eh?"  Thank you. Thank you.  And the book says: "We may be through with the past but the past is not through with us."  And NO IT'S NOT DANGEROUS TO DO THAT.
Brad, I know you don't love me now --
You mind your own bussines.
I love you.  I love you and I'm sick.  I'II talk to you....I'll talk to you tommorrow.  I'm getting corrective oral surgery tomorrow.  For my teeth.  For my teeth and for you....for you so we can speak. You have braces.  Me too.  Me too.  I'm getting braces, too.  For you.  For you, dear Brad. And I don't have any money.  And I don't have any money now but I'II get it...I will for you, Brad.  I love you, Brad.  Brad the Bartender.  You wanna love me back?  Love me back and I'll be good to you.  I'II be god damn good for you. And I won't be mad if you don't know who said what. I won't punish you if you get the answer wrong. I can teach and tell you: Samuel Johnson.
That's right.  That's the first time you're right.  I CONFUSE THE TWO AND I DON'T CARE.
I'm sick and I'm in love.
I'm sick.
You see?
I confuse melancholy and depression sometimes....
"If a brick weighs one pound plus one half brick -- how much does the brick weigh?" "Well if subtracting the half of brick from the whole brick you got one half of brick, equals one pound so therefore the brick equals two pounds --" "A little more than kin and less than kind," is Hamlet to Claudius. "The sins of the father laid upon the children," is Merchant of Venice but borrowed from Exodus 20:5 and "win her with gifts if she respects not words," is Two Gentleman from Verona. Where? Who? How and Why, Kids?
I used to be smart but now I'm just stupid.
Yes they do, they do, but I'll make my dreams come true, you see?  I will.
-- and lemme tell you this: Samuel Johnson never had his life shit on and taken from him and his money stolen -- who took his life and his money?  His parents? His mommy and daddy?  Make him live this life like this -- "A man of genius" gets shit on as a child and that scars and it hurts and have you ever been hit by lighting? It hurts and it doesn't happen to everyone, it's an electrical charge that finds it's way across the universe and lands in your body and your head -- and as for "ruined but by himself," not if his parents take his friggin' life and his money and tell you to do this and do that and if you don't? well, what --
"The" cause of dullness in others --
-- Samuel Johnson.
I used to be smart but now I'm just stupid.
What?
You talk in rhymes and riddles and ra...rub-adub --- but that doesn't mean anything to me, see....see...see I used to be smart....I'm Quiz Kid Donnie Smith. I'm Quiz Kid Donnie Smith from the tv --
What?  What does that mean?
....do you know who I am?
My name is Donnie Smith and I have lot's of love to give.
No.  I mean, I'm telling you: I'm telling you that I have love.
I have love.
-- the kind of love that makes you feel that intagible joy.  Pit of your stomach. Like a bucket of acid and nerves running around and making you hurt and happy and all over you're head over heels....?
Is it real love?
Do you have love in your heart?
Just throw some money around. Money, money, money.
You look like you've got money in your pocket.
PLEASE DON'T DO THIS!
I've been a good worker, Solomon. A hard and loyal --
I don't know.
I've been a good worker --
It's...doesn't matter....
Yes I do.
Yes.
Braces.
Solomon, please.  Please.  I am so fucked here if you do this.  This is the worst timing. The worst timing I could ever imagine. I need to keep working.  I have so many debts, so many things, I have, I have, I have -- I have surgery -- I have my oral surgery coming --
I paid you back.
I lent my name, my celebrity. Exactly --
I don't have any money, Solomon. If you fire me --
Solomon: I am in the middle of so much. So much in my life and this is -- If you do this, if you fire me: I Am Fucked. I can't really explain much, but please, please, I've worked here for four years, four years I've given you and I'm, I'm, I mean what?  I'm sorry I was late. I had a car accident.  I accidentaly drove into a seven-eleven. It was not my fault.
This is so fucked, Solomon. I don't deserve this.
...please...
