-- fuck you.
You requested my time and I gave it you, you called me a liar and made accusations. And you say, "If I'd known I wouldn't have asked," then it's not an attack?  Well, I don't wanna be the sort of fella who doesn't keep his word.  I gave you my time, Bitch. So fuck you now.
Time's up.  Thank you for the interview.
I'm quietly judging you.
What am I doing?
And that's what you've heard?
Go ahead and waste your time.
An old stomping ground --is this the "attack" portion of the interview, I figured this was coming sooner or later -- Is "the girl" coming in for the kill?
Mm. Hm.
I know alotta women and I'm sure she remembers me.
I'm not sure I hear a question in there?
This is how you wanna spend the time, then go, go, go -- you're gonna be surprised at what a waste it is -- "The most useless thing in the world is that which is behind me," Chapter Three --
Not really.
-- there's a lot more important things I'd like to put myself <u>into</u> --
In aid of what?
Yes.
-- and I try and teach the students to ask: What is it in aid of?
Thank you, Muffy.  Funny thing is: This is an important element of, "Seduce and Destory:" "Facing the past is an important way in not making progress," that's something I tell my men over and over --
So boring, so useless --
Is that still lingering?
Muffy -- coffee?
I warned you -- I get on a roll...
I just realized this is for television, isn't it?  I can't swear up and down like I just did.
-- that's right, that's right, and what I'M saying, that none of my competitors can say is this:  That there is no need for insight or understanding.  Things of the past! Gone, Over, Done. Do you realize how fucking miraculous this is? How fucking razor sharp and cutting edge and ahead of it's time this concept is?  I'm talking about eliminating <u>insight</u> and <u>understanding</u> as human values.  GOD DAMN I'M GOOD.  There is no need for INSIGHT.  There is no need for UNDERSTANDING.  I have found a way to take <u>any</u> subjective human experience -- in other words -- all the terrible shit or all the great shit that you've had happen to you in your life -- and quickly and easily transform it in the unconscious mind through the subtle and cunning use of language.  The "listener-patient"  settles into a very light, very delicate, conversationally induced state: NOT A TRANCE, mind you, but a STATE. A state that is brand new.  The System's state. What did I do?  I REALIZED that concept and put it into practical "get my dick hard and fuck it" use. I'm gonna build a state for the seducer and the seducee to live, vote, breath, pay takes and party 'till dawn.  I'm gonna teach methods of language that will help anyone get a piece of ass, tit and tail --
Like I said, yeah --
-- go, go, go.  I'm givin' pearls here. And I'II tell you samethin' else: I'm not succeding in the bush because I'm Frank TJ Mackey.  If anything, there are women out there that want to <u>destroy</u> me -- it makes it twice as hard for me, I run into some little muffin, knows who I am, knows my schemes and plans -- shit, she's gonna wanna fuck around, prove to her friends, say, "Yaddda-yadda-yadda, I saw that guy, he wasn't anything, didn't get me."  So me? I'm runnin' on full throttle the whole fuckin' time.  Dodging bullets left and right from terrorist blonde beauties. But I'II tell you this: The battle of the bush is being fought and won by Team Mackey.  Can I have a cigarette?
Just one look, one hesitation, one subtle gesture for me to know -- And Bing-Bam-Boom I'm away on a tangent -- I get so fuckin' amped at these seminars and lemme tell you why: Because I Am What I Believe. I am what I teach, I do as I say, I live by these rules as religiously as I preach them: And you wanna know what? I'm gettin' pussy left, right, up, down, center and sideways.
You got us a room so quick?
Are we gonna tape some stuff now?
Are you asking me a question?
I wouldn't want that to be misunderstood: My enrollment was totally unoffical because I was, sadly, unable to afford tuition up there.  But there were three wonderful men who were kind enough to let me sit in on their classes, and they're names are: Macready, Horn and Langtree among others. I was completely independent financially, and like I said: One Sad Sack A Shit. So what we're looking at here is a true rags to riches story and I think that's what most people respond to in "Seduce," And At The End Of The Day? Hey -- it may not even be about picking up chicks and sticking your cock in it -- it's about finding What You Can Be In This World.  Defining It.  Controling It and saying: I will take what is mine.  You just happen to get a blow job out of it, then hey-what-the-fuck- why-not?  he.he.he.
no, no, no.  Certainly not.  I wasn't officialy enrolled, that's right. Was that unclear?
Oh, yeah.  No, no, no.  They wouldn't --
"Frank" was my mother's father.
My mother's name, actually. Good question.  You've done you're research.
What name?  My name?
I don't how much I went -- but I was enrolled.  I was such a loser back then. I was -- misguided, pathetic -- I was very fat. Not even close to what I am today. Not the Frank TJ Mackey you're eager to talk to because I was swimming in what <u>was</u> as opposed to I <u>wanted</u>.
...this close...
Right.
From '84 to '89.
Not a problem.
people die.
He passed away.
"Go Get 'Em, Honey."
She's my mother.
She's retired.
Well I guess it doesn't.
My father worked in televison. My mother -- this is gonna sound silly to you -- she was a librarian.
Hollywood, mainly.
Around here.
...just wait...Dad...you want something...can you say...
I'm here.  I'm here now.  What do you want? Do you want anything?
Can you stand...back...maybe, I mean... just a little bit...in the room is ok, but back from us a little...
So....Phil....um...I think I'm gonna step in and try and see him and say something if he can...talk...I mean:
Mmm.
Uh. huh.
Oh yeah.
He's in here --?
Uh. huh.
.....have you ever seen this..I mean, never mind, you said --
When did he go off chemo?
How long...you think?
...uh-huh...
Is he in pain?
Uh-huh.  What's going on?
How long have you taken care of him?
Let's just wait one minute and stay here, okay?
Yeah let's...maybe just stand.
Is Linda here?
I got your message.  That you were trying to get me -- right?
...are you Phil...?
