please, what is it, please --
I won't say, no, wait, Claudia --
What?
Yes I do.
Say what you want and you'll see --
I'll take everything at face value. I'll be a good listener to you.
It's ok.
It's ok.
I haven't been on a date since I was married and that was three years ago....and Claudia...whatever you wanna tell me, whatever you think might scare me, won't...and I will listen...I will be a good listener to you if that's what you want...and you know, you know...I won't judge you.... I can do that sometimes, I know, but I won't...I can...listen to you and you shouldn't be scared of scaring me off or anything that you might think I'll think or on and on and just say it and I'll listen to you....
I'm sorry --
I lost my gun after I left you today and I'm the laughing stock of a lot of people.  I wanted to tell you that. I wanted you to know...and it's on my mind and it makes me look like a fool and I feel like a fool and you asked that we should say things, that we should say what we're thinknig and not lie about things and I'll tell you that, this: that I lost my gun and I'm not a good cop...and I'm looked down at...and I know that....and I'm scared that once you find that out you might not like me.
I lost my gun.
-- no, like what, what do you mean?
Yeah, of course.
Yeah.
Well.
ok.
-- well I'm a real...y'know, straight when it comes to that...curse words I just don't use much --
...nothing.  I'm sorry...
It's fine.
-- no, no, it's fine. Fine.
You really use strong language.
Wow....huh..."...piss and shit..."
Let's make a deal.
...yeah...
ok.
No, no.
I've never found someone really that I think I would like to go out with.
Well I don't go out very much.
Well, that's a natural thing, two people go out on a date, something.  They want to impress people, the other person...or they're scared maybe what they say will make the other person not like them --
Bye.
Oh, see?  This is great.  Ten o'clock.
Yeah, You know it? You know Billingsley's?
No, no, just casual maybe, maybe I thought -- there's a spot I like to go, it's real nice that overlooks a golf course and the course is lit up at night --
What about ten o'clock, is that too late?  I don't get off and then --
No, I'm off tonight.  I would lov-like, to go tonight, I can pick you up, I can pick you up here at about what time?  What time?
Yeah.
I don't know.  I haven't thought about it -- you know what -- that's not true -- I have thought about it.  I've thought about going on a date with you since you opened the door.
No.
Please, yes.
No, no.  I was wondering...man oh man. I think I feel like a bit of a scum-bucket doing this, considering that I came here as an officer of the law and the situation and all this but I think I'd be a fool if I didn't do something I really want to do which is to ask you on a date.
I'm sorry, Claudia.
Bye, bye, Claudia.
Just Jim.
Ok, then.  Keep your chin up and your music down, alright?
No. No.  Don't joke about that. That's not funny, Claudia.  Please, now.
Well if you listen' to that music too loud again and that fella returns maybe we'll share another cup of coffee --
This is my job.
What's that stand for?
This is, for not a fresh cup, a great cup of coffee, Claudia --
Okey-doke.
But I wouldn't mind comin' back in an hour just to see your pretty face!
I don't wanna have to come back here in an hour and find that there's been another disturbance.
It's where situations like these lead, Claudia, unless you do something about it early, if and when the police call and come for help.  Now there are certain measures you can take --
Many times, in damestic abuse situations the young lady is afraid to speak, but I have to tell you that, being a police officer, I've seen it happen: Young woman afraid to speak, next thing you know, I'm gettin' a call on the radio, I got a 422 --
The gentleman who came to the door --
Is this boyfriend bothering you?
Arlight, then.  Cheers.
That'd be fine.  So, Claudia, lemme just say, so I can get my role of LAPD officer out of the way before we enjoy our coffee  I'm not gonna write you up or anything, I'm not gonna give you a citation here -- but the real problem we have is that there are people around here, people that work from their homes, people tryin' to get some work done, and if you're listenin' to your music that loud:  They're incovenienced by that.  If you had a job you'd probably understand, but I see you like listenin' to your music and that's fine, you're just gonna wanna keep it down at a certain volume, maybe memorize what number you see on the dial and just always put it to that -- If it's the middle of the day -- that's what I do -- just put it on two and a half and that's a good listening level, alright? I see you like listenin' to your music loud, but, hey, forget about the neighbors, you end up damaging your own ears ok?
Oh, it'll be fine, I'm sure, Claudia.
That's great, thank you.
I like iced coffee, generally, but a day like this, rain and what not, I enjoy a warm cup --
got some coffee brewing, huh?
You and your boyfriend have a party last night?
I'm a bit of a slob myself.
Bit messy.
You just move in here?
Claudia: Why don't you let me handle the questions and you handle the answers, ok?
You mind if I check things back here?
Who was it?
You don't have a boyfriend?
Was it a boyfriend of yours?
I got a call of a disturbance, screaming and yelling, loud music.  Has there been some screaming and yelling?
You got the TV on too, keep those on at that same time usually?
And that could be the sign of a damaged ear drum, you understand?
Well if you keep listenin' to the music that loud you're not only gonna damage your ears but your neighbors ears.
-- listenin' to that music so loud: You Tryin' To Damage Your Ears?
Did you hear what I said?
Ok.  Claudia Wilson: You tryin' to go deaf?
Ok. For one thing, we're gonna need to turn that music down so we can talk, ok?
No one else in there with you?
...yeah...
OPEN THE DOOR.
It's the LAPD, can you open the door, please?
LAPD. Open the door.
Claudia What?
What's your name?
You live alone?
You mind if I come in, check things?
You alone in there?
-- you the resident here?
-- and I'm through playin' games.
I was listening --
Whatever that meant, I'm sure it's real helpful Ice-T.
Finish it up without the lip.
Alright, alright, cut it, coolio. That's enough with the mouth and the language.
-- watch the mouth, homeboy, I don't need to hear that word --
Go. Hurry up. Let's go.
Hey. Watch the mouth. Watch it.
Have you ever been to Juvenille Hall?
Oh, you're a rapper, huh?  You got a record contract?
Are you a joker? huh? Tellin' jokes?
You wanna disrespect an officer of the law?
Ok. Listen. You: c'mere.
No Can Do.
That's confidential information, little man.
They don't have substitute teachers where you go to school?
Why the hell aren't you in school?
Sorry, little man.
You don't just sign up to be a police officer -- it's about three years of training -- ok?
I think it's more complicated than that little man.
What the hell is this Marcie?
-- do not do this -- my gun is drawn and If I Have To Open That Closet you will get shot -- Step Out Now.
Marcie - quiet down! Now if anyone is in the closet, come out now --
This is the LAPD, if anyone is in the closet I want you to come out and show yourself to me, slowly and with your hands up --
This is the LAPD. If anyone is back here I want you to come out and I want you to show yourself to me with your hands in the air --
Marcie - CALM DOWN. CALM DOWN and don't do this. I want you to stay --
No. No. Stay down, Marcie, sit back down on that couch --
--- What was that?
Been drinkin' today?
You on any medication?
Bad and illegal behavior. That's what I mean. Ok?  Mischief.  Now have you been doin' some drugs today?
Yes I can, Marcie.  And until you start givin' me some straight answers: I'm gonna assume that some mischief has been goin' on here.
Ok. Marcie. Starting now I want you to have a new attitude with me.  The more you play games, the more suspicious I'm gonna become that you've been up to something.
You just woke up.  And what'd you have a party last night, the way this place looks?
What's this, how did this happen?
And what about screaming?
Maybe you didn't, but I'm here to find out about a disturbance. Some neighbors called said they heard screaming and a loud crash.
I'm not askin', Marcie.
Ok. Marice why don't you take a seat for me?
Ok. What's your name?
Maybe so, but I'm gonna ask you one more time: Is Anyone Else In This House Right Now?
Are you lyin' to me?
OK.  That's true.  Is anyone else, besides me and besides you in this house?
No one else in here?
No you don't: But I'm gonna ask you one more time: Are you alone in here?
You're not calm.  You're screamin' and yellin' and I'm here to check on a disturbance that was reported and that's what I'm gonna do - now are you alone in here?
Don't test me, you wanna talk about what the law book says, we can do that, push me far enough and I'll take you to jail -- now calm down.
Then you've got nothin' to worry about.
I got a call of a disturbance, you're door was open, I just wanna see what's goin' on --
I got a call to this apartment, report of a disturbance --
Calm down.
The door was open, I got a call --
Quietly, slow down, whoa --
