...You keep pouring out that suppressing fire, Barnes. I don't wanna be caught out there with my ass hanging out you hear me?
Barnes, listen to me... there's 5-6 spiderholes back there  next to the church.  Third Platoon's coming up the stream to reinforce us. Flank's wide open, dinks get 3-4 snipers in these holes, when Third Platoon comes up, they'll get us in a crossfire with 'em. We'll shoot each other to shit, then they'll hit us with everything they got. It'll be a massacre!
YOU - you're going to fuckin' jail, buddy, you ain't getting away with this one!!!!!
YOU AIN'T A FIRING SQUAD, YOU PIECE OF SHIT!!
WHAT THE FUCK YOU DOING!
Fuckers returned fire soon as we lit 'em up. Hard core fuckin' NVA. They got their shit together.
Blood trail just keeps going and going but no body.
I thought it was O'Neill's turn tonight.
No... I move faster alone.
Yeah, those are the guys that live. I really don't think Death gives a shit, it's like a giant garbage can, I think it takes whatever it can get... you never know where it's gonna come from anyway... so why spin your wheels?
Oh shit! Sometimes there's things in my head... man. Grass does that to me, fucks me all up like a crazy Indian...
In '65 - yeah. Now...  No. What happened today's just the beginning. We're gonna lose this war...
Barnes believes in what he's doing.
Yeah. I love this place at night. The stars... there's no right or wrong in them, they're just there.
...don't feel like it either.
Dawn! That was it!
She was a crossbreed, Chinese and Polish.
What didn't she do. She fucked the living shit outta me, that's what she did!
Feelin' good's good enough.
Feel good?
Then the worm has definately turned for you man.
First time?
Knock it off! We got two men need attention here. Police up your extra ammo and frags, don't leave nothing for the dinks. Hoyt, Junior, carry Gardner.
Hey O'Neill why don't you cool it, you don't have to be a prick everyday of your life, you know.
They don't know shit Barnes, and chances are we gonna run into something.
Maybe but I seen it happen at Ia Drang in '66, First Cavalry and they cut us to fuckin' pieces!  Give me three men, if I'm wrong, I can still roll up that flank.
You know what I'm talking about!
Why the fuck didn't you do something Lieutenant!
Tell Six we need engineers here, this pos. is crawling with traps.
