I gotta didi man. Don't wanna miss that chopper. I'll send you a postcard. After I get me some. I'll send you some tapes too man. This new guy Jimi Hendrix man, whew... you okay Taylor? Just 'member take it easy now, don't think too much, don't be a fool, no such thing as a coward cause it don't mean nuthin. Jes keep on keepin' on. Okay my man...
Does a chicken have lips? Whoever said we did, babe. Make it outta here, it's all gravy, every day of the rest of your life man - gravy. Oh shit, superlifer!
Way out of anything, man. Just keep your pecker up, your powder dry, the worm WILL turn. How many days you short?
'People say I'm the life of the party cause I tell a joke or two although I may be laughing loud and hardy deep inside I'm blue...'
You been smoking too much shit babe. Gotta control that. Takes a man down... I remember when you first come out to the bush, you was straight as a...
Must be somebody?
Well sometimes a man jes don' wanna go back. How you gonna talk to civilians man? People back in the world just don't give a shit, y'know what I mean, to them you're a fuckin' animal is all -
Later...
Yo getting there Taylor. You be cool now and I'll introduce you 'round to some of the 'heads'.
Fuck it, don't mean nothing, no such thing here as a coward, done your best man, next time y'do better.
Go on, whatcha gotta lose, yo' here now...
Here have some of this. Won't feel a thing.
You okay man? Neck botherin' you?
You WHAT? Say 'gain.
How the fuck you get over here man, you look like you educated...
Yeah, just stole me some from the Top's supply but he's stealing it from us anyway.  Chucks are coming. You better 'didi' man.
Shit, too bad we in base camp anyway.
What we got here a crusader?
You a crazy fucker, givin' up college man.
March man in Tennessee, sniff the pines... sniff that crossmounted pussy walkin' down by the river. What you got Taylor?  Let's see three hundred and WHAT?
Forty-two days man and a wakeup and I'm a gone motherfucker. Back to de WORLD.
...Motherfuckah, motherfuckah, I'm too short to be dealing with this shit! They keep fucking with us man, no letup...
Right on.
Then you jes gonna forget 'bout Elias and all the good times we done had? Right in here.
So he got a reduced and come over here. Nam's his freedom man, Nam's his pussy. Three years he been here.
Yeah, you done said it. Revenge on US.
He done a year in Japan in the hospital, then when he gets out, the first thing he done is re-up. Four years he been in the field...
Barnes gets killed, his jaws'd go on clacking...
Sheeit, beats burning hutches anyway...
Whew! - where that come from?
Merle?
This ain't Taylor. Taylor been shot. This man Chris been resurrected...
