Okay, here it is - one, we got gooks in the fuckin' perimeter.
Taylor! Francis!
Wrong? You ain't EVER been right - 'bout nothing. And dig this you assholes and dig it good! Barnes been shot 7 times and he ain't dead, that tell you something? Barnes ain't meant to die. Only thing can get Barnes... is Barnes!
You guys trying to cure the headache by cutting off the head. 'Lias didn't ask you to fight his battles and if there's a Heaven - and god, I hope so - I know he's sitting up there drunk as a fuckin' monkey and smokin' shit cause HIS PAINS HE DONE LEFT DOWN HERE. Baaaaaaaaa!
I suggest you watch your own asses cause Barnes gonna be down on ALL OF 'EM.
Shit boy you been out in the sun too long. You try that, he'll stick it right back up your ass with a candle on it.
I got one...
Taylor - get your ass over here. Move!
'Lias come naturally.
Baaa, got no time to go to the movies. Love and Hate too busy fighting for possession of my soul.
You mean he's crazy? No more crazy'n the rest of us been out in the bush too long.
Barnes comes from Hell.
You lame or something?
You lame Taylor?
I remember first time you came in here Taylor you telling me how much you admired that bastard.
He dugged his own grave.
Not the only man to meet his Jezebel either.
The Good Lord works his revenge in strange ways.
...and you know how many times he done been shot?  Seven times!  Seven.
I know Barnes six months and I'll tell ya something - that man is MEAN, red in his soul like a dick on a dog.
Found it. Growing in a garden.
Merle? Jesus!... Patty?
Whatcha doing in the underworld Taylor?
Baaaa! Fuck it, they sold us out - so what! What'd you'all expect? Civilian life is phoney BULLSHIT man. They're ROBOTS man - watchin' dopey television and drivin' dopey cars, and they fuck up, nobody dies. That's all right, you keep fuckin' up, politicians keep lyin'. Cause it don't really matter. Don't mean shit. So what! Whatcha want - a parade! Fuck that too! No war time no grunt never got no respect. Till he was dead - and even THEN! You're fighting for YOURSELF man! You're fighting for your SOUL, dat's all. Remember dat. And it's some goddamn battle too - if you'se a man, wrestle with that angel...  ...Love and Hate - the whole shitbang show, that's the story then and now and it ain't hardly gonna change...
That's what he is... Baaaa!
Barnes took a bullet right there. At Ia Drang Valley...  And the cocksucker SURVIVED - that's BAAAD man. That's his high, baby. High on WAR!
Bah, you're a child, Lerner. Rhah don't waste time on you.
If you're gonna do it man, 'least do it right.
Right...
You don't want to hear about it?
Hey Lieutenant I didn't ask for this job, I...
Begging your pardon Lieutenant but my holes are far enuff apart you could run a regiment through there and nobody'd see them - I got five live bodies left...
Squad? I didn't know we was still referring to this platoon in terms of squads sir.
You wanted to see me sir?
