Ophhem ma fuchem gaphe!
I just pulled in here. I just fucking pulled in here!
I decided not to - I'm, uh, not taking the trip as it turns out.
Yeah, I just came in. I decided not to park here.
...Is this a fucking joke?
Is this a fucking joke here?
Drop that fucking money!
Fuck you, man! Where's Jerry? I gave SIMPLE FUCKING INSTRUCTIONS -
I am through fucking around! Drop that fucking briefcase!
Who the fuck are you? Who the fuck are you?
That's my license and registration. I wanna be in compliance.
...So maybe the best thing would be to take care of that, right here in Brainerd.
Certainly.
Certainly -
It certainly is, officer. Still got that smell!
Ya find the work interesting, do ya?
... What is he, deaf?... So, uh, how long have you been with the escort service?
Yeah, well, it depends on the artist. You know, Jose Feliciano, ya got no complaints. Waiter!
Have ya been to the Celebrity Room before? With other, uh, clients?
Just in town on business. Just in and out. Ha ha! A little of the old in-and-out!
HOLD ON! NO FUCKIN' WAY! YOU FUCKIN' NOTISH ISH? I GOT FUCKIN' SHOT INNA FAISH! I WENT'N GOTTA FUCKIN' MONEY! I GET SHOT FUCKIN' PICKIN' IT UP!  I BEEN UP FOR THIRTY-SHIKSH FUCKIN' HOURZH! I'M TAKIN' THAT FUCKIN' CAR! THAT FUCKERZH MINE!
...You c'n'ave my truck. I'm takin' a Shiera.
Jezhush.
Yeah.
Whoa, Daddy.
Geez. That's more'n I've heard you say all week.
Huh?  Grimsurd looks at his thumb.
"No." First thing you've said in the last four hours. That's a, that's a fountain of conversation, man. That's a geyser. I mean, whoa, daddy, stand back, man. Shit, I'm sittin' here driving, man, doin' all the driving, whole fuckin' way from Brainerd, drivin', tryin' to, you know, tryin' to chat, keep our spirits up, fight the boredom of the road, and you can't say one fucking thing just in the way of conversation.
...Would it kill you to say something?
...Look at that. Twin Cities.  IDS Building, the big glass one.  Tallest skyscraper in the Midwest.  After the Sears, uh, Chicago...  You never been to Minneapolis?
Yeah, yeah, Jesus - I'm sayin', we'll stop for pancakes, then we'll get laid. Wuddya think?
...Come on, man. Okay, here's an idea. We'll stop outside of Brainerd. I know a place there we can get laid. Wuddya think?
What're you, nuts? We had pancakes for breakfast. I gotta go somewhere I can get a shot and a beer - and a steak maybe.  Not more fuckin' pancakes. Come on.
What?
Or your fucking wife, Jerry.
GOT IT?
You're there in thirty minutes or I find you, Jerry, and I shoot you, and I shoot your fucking wife, and I shoot all your little fucking children, and I shoot 'em all in the back of their little fucking heads. Got it?
Don't you fucking but me, Jerry.  I want you with this money on the Dayton- Radisson parking ramp, top level, thirty minutes, and we'll wrap this up.
I'll see you tomorrow.
IS IT, JERRY?  You ask those three pour souls up in Brainerd if a deal's a deal! Go ahead, ask 'em!
Blood has been shed. We've incurred risks, Jerry. I'm coming into town tomorrow. Have the money ready.
Look. I'm not gonna debate you, Jerry. The price is now the whole amount. We want the entire eighty thousand.
DON'T EVER INTERRUPT ME, JERRY! JUST SHUT THE FUCK UP!
We need more -
That's right. And we need more money.
Three people. In Brainerd.
...Blood has been shed.
Blood has been shed, Jerry.
Oh, Jean's okay. But there's three people up in Brainerd who aren't so okay, I'll tell ya that.
...Who's Jean?
Okay, Jerry. You're tasking us to perform this mission, but you, you won't, uh, you won't - aw, fuck it, let's take a look at that Ciera.
Personal matters.
So why don't you just ask him for the money?
What kind of trouble are you in, Jerry?
...You-my point is, you pay the ransom- what eighty thousand bucks?  - I mean, you give us half the ransom, forty thousand, you keep half. It's like robbing Peter to play Paul, it doesn't make any -
You want your own wife kidnapped?
I'm not gonna sit here and debate. I will say this though: what Shep told us didn't make a whole lot of sense.
I'm not gonna debate you, Jerry.
Yeah, you already said that.
Except that you were gonna be here at 7:30.
Shep didn't tell us much, Jerry.
The new vehicle, plus forty thousand dollars.
No, that's not it, Jerry.
