Unghh... oh, geez...
No Jean, no money!
Where's my damn daughter? No Jean, no money!
Where's my daughter?
I got your goddamn money, you little punk. Now where's my daughter?
Look, Jerry, you're not sellin' me a damn car. It's my show here.  That's that.
...There's a million dollars here!
They want my money, they can deal with me. Otherwise I'm goin' to a professional.  He points at a briefcase.
All the more reason!  I don't want you - with all due respect, Jerry - I don't want you mucking this up.
It's my money, I'll deliver it - what do they care?
Dammit! I wanna be a part a this thing!
... Stan, I'm thinkin' we should offer 'em half a million.
Ah, dammit!
Heck, you don't know! You're just whistlin' Dixie here! I'm sayin', the cops, they can advise us on this! I'm sayin' call a professional!
A million dollars is a lot a damn money! And there they are, they got my daughter!
Well, a course they're gonna say that! But where's my protection? They got Jean here! I give these sons a bitches a million dollars, where's my guarantee they're gonna let her go.
- All's I know is, ya got a problem, ya call a professional!
I'm not talkin' about your damn word, Jerry. Geez, what the heck're you?... Well, look, I don't want to cut you out of the loop, but his here's a good deal.  I assume, if you're not innarested, you won't mind if we move on it independently.
What the heck were you thinkin'? Heck, if I'm only gettin' bank interest, I'd look for complete security. Heck, FDIC. I don't see nothin' like that here.
You're sayin' that we put in all the money and you collect when it pays off?
But we never talked about your fee for bringin' it to us.
We're good to loan in.
Stan and I're okay.
What kind of finder's fee were you looking for?
2:30.
Come by at 2:30 and we'll talk about it. If your numbers are right, Stan says its pretty sweet. Stan Grossman.
We might be innarested.
Stan Grossman looked at your proposal. Says it's pretty sweet.
What's goin' on there?
Jean and Scotty never have to worry.
I thought you were gonna show it to Stan Grossman. He passes on this stuff before it gets kicked up to me.
Yah, well, seven hundred and fifty thousand dollars is a lot - ha ha ha!
I know it's a lot.
A heck of a lot. What'd you say you were gonna put there?
You told me about it.
OOOoooh!  His reaction synchronizes with a reaction from the crowd.
Norstars.
Yah, pretty good.
Well... Why don't we...
Well -
He's at -
What the heck, Jerry, if I wanted bank interest on seven hunnert'n fifty thousand I'd go to Midwest Federal. Talk to Bill Diehl.
This is do-able.
