Goodbye, Donald.
Donald, an atheist is someone who denies altogether the existence of a God. You are an agnostic. An agnostic is someone who believes that there can be no proof of the existence of God... but does not deny the possibility that God exists.
Your medication. They're placebos. Just pills made out of water.
You will survive this... Donald. I promise you that you will survive. You must let me help you.  And when I clap my hands together, you will wake up.
If the sky were to suddenly open up... there would be no law... there would be no rule. There would only be you and your memories... the choices you've made and the people you've touched. The life that has been carved out from your subconscious is the only evidence by which you will be judged... by which you must judge yourself. Because when this world ends, there will only be you and him... and no one else.
Where is he, Donald?
Who is he going to kill?
What is going to happen?
When will this happen?
Then how is time travel possible?
How is that possible?
Where are we going, Donald?
Where are we going?
God exists because you're horny.
Why?
If God exists?
Why did you do these things, Donnie? Did Frank tell you to commit these crimes?
You've done it again?
What else makes you feel regret?
How did you feel... being denied those Hungry Hungry Hippos?
What did you want for Christmas that year?
Do you wish that you were punished by your parents instead?
But you were punished.
But it was an accident. The house was under construction.
Is it Frank who wants you to destroy the world, to set the world on fire?
So, your parents... why did you disappoint them?
And when I clap my hands together twice, you will wake up. Do you understand?
Have you ever made love, Donald?
The good stuff.
I know.
Are you embarrassed by these things that you see?
Have you told Gretchen about the spears?
What did you find?
And they grow out of our stomachs?
No. That makes you keep searching.
Do you feel alone right now?
Is Callie still around?
How does that make you feel?
A sign from whom?
Who is they? Is Frank part of some larger group?
Can anyone else see him?
How many times have you seen Frank?
Donnie... I want to hear about your friend Frank.
What about your family, Donnie?
Who is the boss?
What else do you think about during school?
I asked you about school.
How are things going at school?
Do you think a lot about girls?
What is her name?
So, tell me about your day, Donald.
And when I clap my hands twice, you will wake up. Do you understand?
Do you believe that the world is coming to an end?
Follow him where?
Frank... instructed you... to get out of bed... just before this happened.
I don't own a television.
How so?
Frank.
Would you like to talk about this friend?
All of this... certainly isn't your mother's fault, Donald.
Your mother said that you've been skipping cycles of your medication.
But let me remind you that this treatment is... experimental.
I would like to put him through more hypnotherapy... and increase his medication.
He has described lengthy conversations... physical encounters with what I believe to be a manifestation of his subconscious mind.
Donnie is experiencing what is commonly called a daylight hallucination.
Frank... the giant bunny rabbit?
Has your son ever told you about Frank?
What I think is going on with your son.
