If you don't complete the assignment, you'll get a zero for the day.
Fear and love are the deepest of human emotions.
The Lifeline is divided that way.
Just place an X in the appropriate place on the Lifeline.
Rose... I don't know if you realise how great an opportunity this is for our daughters. This has been a dream of ours for a long time.  Sometimes I doubt your commitment to Sparkle Motion.
Yes. And believe me, of all the other mothers I would never dream of asking you, given the predicament with your son. But none of the other mothers are able to go.
Rose... I have to appear at his arraignment tomorrow morning. And as you know, the girls also leave for Los Angeles tomorrow morning. Now, as their coach... I was the obvious choice to chaperone them on the trip.
Please! Don't say those words.  Well... as you can see... many of us are devastated by this news. This is obviously some kind of conspiracy meant to destroy an innocent man. And I have taken it upon myself to spearhead the Jim Cunningham defence campaign. But unfortunately my civic duties have created a conflict of interest... which involves you.
Rose, we have a crisis.  I am sure that you are aware of the horrible allegations against Jim Cunningham.
Rose.
Rose, I'll tell you this because our daughters have been on dance team together for two years and I respect you as a WOMAN. But after witnessing your son's behaviour today, I have... significant doubts...  Our paths through life must be righteous. I urge you to go home and look in the mirror and pray that your son does not succumb to the path of fear.
I think we've all seen "Bonanza".
The PTA is here to acknowledge that there is pornography in our school's curriculum.
I AM THE PTA! And I say that this FILTH is directly related to this vandalism.
And how do they do this? They FLOOD the house... by breaking through the water main!
The bottom line... Mr. Cole... is that there is material being taught to our children that is cause for this destructive behaviour.
Mr. Cole... not only am I a TEACHER... but I am also a PARENT of a Middlesex child. Therefore, I am the ONLY person here who transcends the parent-teacher bridge.
