Sure.
Well, technically "yes", but this is only the prototype.
Well, we're veering into classified info here, but I'll tell you that it involved a donor.  He was dead of course, so it's not like anything unethical was happening.
Well...it involves a paradox.  You have to trick The Boatman.  Now all the while, you also have to watch your strength.  You can build that back up by catching FIREFLIES...the little glowing guys...
If I tell you, then it's no fun.
You can't.  He gets you and you're dead. It's like time catching up with you, you know?  Like Fate.  Each level you get progressively less time to complete.  First half of the game takes place in the Wild Lands.  Then you reach Level 6, and that's the Sea of Darkness.  There's a two-headed Boatman that'll take you across if you answer his riddle right.  If you don't...
You've got your ten levels, right? Here they are...  Each level has an exit, only remember, the exits aren't always what they seem.  First one's The Blood Red Sky, then you've got The Blue Desert, Tower of Ghosts, Kingdom of the Blind...  On each world you have to find a golden key and you've only got so much time to do it in.  If you're too late, The Screamer comes.
It's a tough game.  Hard to pin that bastard down.  Keeps on changing the rules.
Getting there.  It's more sensitive than a joy-stick.  Your video-character can respond as fast as you can.  But what can I do for you?
And maybe you've been taking too many drugs.
He?
Well, brain-dead anyway.  Coma patient. It's really not all that important.
It's the game's logic core.  We actually patterned it after human brainwaves.  I mean, there's a personality in there. That's what makes it so incredible.
Good question.  See, that's where the fun comes in.  ARCADE changes it every time. He's a machine without a soul. Once you give him a soul, he stops being a threat.
Level Ten.  That's where you've got to unlock ARCADE's heart using the keys you've found.
The next half of the game takes place in ARCADE's brain, The City of Truth. It's urban scenarios, lots of metal and concrete. Screamer comes faster here.  On Level Four you can get a free life if you wait until the last possible second before exiting that world.  Gotta time it right though.
Sure.  Every game's got 'em.  I'll start with the schematics.  I can print these up if you want.
Yeah, who isn't.
