Theo's bowled on the tour.
Sheila, meet...uh...  I forget the name.
Some people will do anything for an autograph. Theo enters the diner and walks over to Buzz.
Yeah, and make it extra muddy, I didn't sleep a zee last night. Sheila fills a cup. Buzz lifts it to his mouth, his hands trembling.
Wish me luck.
Miles, I've always been on the square with you.
It's a beautiful thing.
Seven years.
What's on your mind, Miles?
You give Ed Klein of the American Bowling Congress a call.  Tell him your Maynard's boy. He's expecting you, and he owes me. He'll getcha back in like Flynn.  Don't say I never gave you nothing.
I didn't mean that stuff I said. I was trying to keep you out of this muddle. I'm glad I didn't have my tubes tied. Oh, and by the way, I made a call for you before I - uh - retired. Buzz takes his card and scrawl on the back with a gold pen.
Listen, if straight doesn't work out, you come work for me.  Just make sure nobody's following you. Buzz's face is eerily lit by the glow of the sunset, his halo bouncing in the breeze.
Thanks, kid.  Where are you goin' now?
So, eh, you never saw me. Right?
Bowling died for me years ago. Besides, I'm a living dead legend. I'm a hero.
I told you to get lost. You forced yourself into this mess, so the mess accommodated you. Buzz straightens out and carefully remolds the bent out of shape halo.
I am underground.
We ain't married no more.
Look, kid, gimme a break. I'm an old man.  I'm runnin' on a Delrin aorta. I'm finished - dead from my ankles up.
You never even took the shot. You couldn't do it. Theo moves towards Buzz in a threatening manner.
Not for somebody who hit a man with his ball on national television.
No...
He'll be a barnacle on your ass the rest of your life.
Did that porcupine say he'd get you back on the tour?
Theo, I want you to get out of this town.
You're dead without the pro-tour, and you know it. Get him away from me. Sid and Breeze punch Theo in the face.
That's a laugh. You're all strung out. You're a bowling junkie.
I had a career. She wanted a little bowler of her own. Sid and Breeze leap into the fray, prying the two men apart. They wrestle Theo against a wall, pressing his face into the tiles.
What makes you so sure it was me? She coulda had lotsa bowlers! Theo rushes Buzz and grabs his arm. The two men struggle for the pin.
You wish!
I'm more of a bowler than you'll ever be. I deal with my own shit. I ain't asking anyone to bail me out.
I do what I gotta do to survive.
What's it look like to you?
If the Japanese are pansies, then pansies are my kind of people. Sheila steps over to the booth with their food. The Buzz Burger has three holes cut in the middle to make it look like a bowling ball. Buzz sees the two sleazeballs park their car and walk towards the diner.
It's gonna be bigger than big. Think Europe. Think Asia. They don't have room for real golf courses in Japan.
It's the next level, the next dimension...  ...the small ball.
kissed a lotta tadpoles.  Listen, I been thinking about your problem. I'm not the guy to sponsor you. It would be unethical. But, there is something I could do for you.  Putt-putt golf.
Watch out for that one. She's got a great average, but she's looking for a prince. And, believe me, she's
Theo! This is Sheila Kastle, my partner's daughter.
I couldn't pay someone enough to try to kill me. Sheila comes over to take their orders.
You shouldn't listen to her, she's a nervous old Nellie.
You know what a mixer ball is? It's like you, you come out of nowhere and upset things, scattering everything all over. Buzz grumpily waves at him to sit.
I ain't nobody's father!
You're a bullshit artist, that's what you are. You got no right to be here! Theo yanks the trophy away from Buzz.
I don't know no Grace Skinner.
Who are you? Who sent you here?
Grace Skinner. Who's Grace Skinner to you?
Who gave it to you?
Where'd you get this ball?
Orange whip, nectar of the bowling gods. Thanks sweetie. Millie turns the tray so that Buzz takes the untainted whip.  Theo takes the other glass.
That game was before you was born.
Yeah, against that prick VanDeMark.
Sure, around here, any fat old bald guy could be king. I'm nothing. It wouldn't do any good for me to talk to the Congress.  Hey, you thirsty? You like orange whips?
What do you think I can do?
100 years!
I got suspended when I was young, too. I was pretty cocky in my day.
Don't worry about the Congress, they're just a bunch of moralistic busy-bodies.
Need some advice, huh.
I know your face, you're an up-and-comer. You bowl on the tour.
Buzz Fazeli.
You see what you did?  Take your ball and get out.
Millie, please.  I don't have a son. I think you better leave now young man. Buzz gestures towards the front door.
Millie, I know what I'm doing.
Bowlers don't go around killing other bowlers. He's only a fan, Millie. I'll give him some tips and an autograph and he's outta here.
He's not the guy, Millie. Just whip the whips.
Clam it!
