I'm sure you have Buzz.
Simple math, Buzz.  Two plus two does not equal three.
And look at that; both partners go down together. Kastle shoves the sculpture onto the floor, stands up, and crushes it under his heel. He goes over and puts his arm around Buzz.
A beautiful thing. And you know why Buzz? You know what we got? Buzz raises an eyebrow as he buttons his shirt.
brainstorm, Buzz. I admit, I thought it was a rotten idea, but I put up the scratch.  And now we got a beautiful thing.
This scam we got going here was your
We've been partners a long time now, haven't we Buzz?
I have someone for you to play Blueface with Junior.
I have someone for you to play with Junior.
We're having a party for you, boy. Cake and shish-k-bob, just like you love. Junior cringes away from the light.
Come on, Junior. Everyone's waiting for you, son. The beam of light catches Junior's face. He is crouched inside the machine at lane six. Jr. His face is cut and bleeding and his straitjacket torn and filthy.
Junior's a problem child. He has a thing about -
I want you two to pick up Buzz and bring him to lane six. Junior will take it from there.
Buzz has been moving the cash out in hollow bowling pins. Sid and Breeze throw sideways glances at each other.
Hey, enough fun and games. We have work to do. Come on Junior. Kastle heads for his car. Junior gets up and follows. The two sleazeballs tarry as Theo stands.
If I find out Buzz is comin' up short on dwarf bowling, it's lights out for him and pink slips for you. Sid and Breeze look sideways at each other.
It's not an "Alley". I hate when people call it a "Bowling Alley", it's so common! I prefer "Bowling Center".
He killed your stoolie embezzler father, and he's gonna kill you next! Sid and Breeze push him towards the van as the crowd's MURMUR increases. Kastle turns and yells over his shoulder.
I think Buzz is retiring soon. In fact, I think he's retiring tonight. Kastle pulls out a shiny gold credit card and holds it in front of Sheila.
I like you, Theo. You bowl with soul.
You need a sponsor; I have influence. I could sponsor you.
A guy like you could breathe some fire into bowling. You got ambition like a...like a...blowtorch. You go for what you want and anything that gets in your way - PSSSHHT! -  shish kebabs.  Maybe lady fate washed you up on my doorstep for your own good.  I think I could help you, Theo.
There's a lot of competition for amusement out there. You gotta adapt to survive.
Rac. R-A-C. Renovate, Automate, Computerize. That, my boy, is the future. One of the monitors shows a little girl bowling. Her ball moves so slowly it barely tips over the first pin. Kastle hits a key and the pins explode in an emphatic strike. The little girl jumps with joy.
He's earned an early retirement.  But enough about losers; Buzz Fazeli is history. Lets talk about your future.  I wanna show you something.
If it springs a leak, it'll be because Buzz is making waves.
Profits down there, philanthropy up here.  Besides, it beats the pants off bingo.
Think of this business like a big aquarium. You gotta have some sharks to eat the dirt at the bottom so the guppies can swim free at the top.
That's right, didn't you have a slight control problem in a recent tournament,champ?  Now go take out your "big four", darling.  Come on, we're making her nervous.
It's nothing, just a slight business imbalance.  How's Gloria's thumb?
Maybe I can help you.  Try a lighter ball, Penelope - you'll get hurt with that big ball, honey.  I've seen tapes of you bowling on the circuit. You got Fazeli blood running through you. Your pop was a genuine talent in his day.
I heard you've been having a little trouble with the Congress.  Theo pulls his eyes off Sheila. Kastle walks Theo past pairs of bowlers.
Nobody sticks a finger into a bowling ball in this town without Miles Kastle knowing about it. You don't mind if I have a word with Theo, do you bunny? Kastle takes Theo by the elbow and pulls him away.
So you're Buzz's boy. I've been expecting you. You hurt my feelings when you didn't come and see me sooner.
Bowling "Center"!
Fantastic! What talent.
Just because your mother signed part ownership of the lanes over to you, doesn't mean you have a right to tell me how to run my business! I can have my lawyers take that deed away from you like that.  Sheila and Kastle sit up.
Look who's talking!
She ran away to be with that...  that Motocross champion.
You're just like you mother! Always jealous!
He stuck it in the ball return machine when he was a kid. Crushed all the nerve endings. Junior starts stroking the ketchup bottle with his dead hand.
See! No feeling. Tell Theo what happened to your hand, Junior.
I bet you didn't know that you and Junior have something in common, Theo: Junior can't bowl anymore either. Isn't that right Junior? Kastle SLAMS the ketchup bottle down on Junior's right hand. The table settings jump from the shock. Junior sits impassively, his face a blank.
Ssssh! Now real quiet. On three. One...two...three!
Four or five years when a girl like that's bowling on the pro tour for Team Kastle, she'll pay a handsome profit on my investment.
I get them while they're young. Builds loyalty.
You keep that up Carmelita and one day you'll be a champion just like Mr. Skinner here. What do you think, Theo? Think Carmelita's got the stuff?
Hello, Violet. How's my favorite 'bowlerina' doing?
