Oh, a professional man. What'll you have?
You look like you're something on the lanes.
Buzz Burger, side of 'cues. You haven't introduced me to your fan.
You don't need coffee, Mr. Fazeli; you need a vacation. Sheila catches sight of Theo pulling into the parking lot. She puts a Ken head earring in her right ear. Buzz follows Sheila's gaze.
Junior who?
Who's there?
Do you have to get your hooks into every guy I'm interested in?
Don't go near the bowling alley.
You still got the touch Junior.
Leave him alone!
You're using Theo for your own deviant purposes!
That's why Mom ran away, because you had to control everything!
After we eat, Dad.
Dad, this is ridiculous. Just open it.
Can you change something this big?
Lips still for sale?
Very professional.
Suck my dick!
I'm not dumping you, I'm suspending you.
Your word is so good, you're never gonna give it to anyone.
What about plan C?
I'm pissing you off? I'm doing what I said I'd do. What the hell are you doing? What about your word?
Who said anything about an ultimatum? You want to find your father? Get a shovel and start digging. Hurry up, he's probably in Purgatory by now. Sheila makes a pathetic attempt to speed away from Theo. He moves up beside her again.
Now he's the one who's locked up and I'm the one who's free. If I gotta do this alone, I might as well start now. She revs up and peals out.
I've been trapped by Miles Kastle my whole life. She walks over to her scooter, and mounts it.
Back to plan A. The vicious cycle all over again. Theo lets go of Sheila.
Theo, Buzz is dead.
Say something, Theo. Give me something. A doll's legs catch fire. Theo stares into Sheila's eyes.
You don't get two chances with Junior.
If Junior finds us, he'll kill us both.
Why did you come back?
Can I come with you?
Where are you going?
Are you sure he's dead?
I feel sick.
If he's not dead, he'll keep coming back.
Tell me what happened Theo.
Did you - kill him?
We would have sooner or later.
I told him you were my boyfriend.
It?
You don't have to do this. We could just cut out of here, go to Akron,  or anywhere else.
These open the back door. Don't let him catch you behind the machines; if he does, you're trapped. I'll meet you at the bridge. Theo takes the keys. Sheila grabs his arm.
I can't - I can't do it.  He's my brother.
I'm afraid you'll hurt him.
I saw your eyes when you hit that guy with your ball on TV. THUNDER rumbles. Theo takes Sheila by the shoulders.
I can't tell you, Theo.
No, but something's gonna blow in this town. I can feel it.
You know how people with broken bones know when there's a storm coming?
Nothing.
And besides, it's probably too late, anyhow.
Yeah, what did Buzz Fazeli ever do for you?
I'm sure you wouldn't care if he needed your help, right?
It wouldn't bother you if Buzz was in danger, would it?
...lane six. Yes.
You're here.
You professional men drive a hard bargain. I'm afraid I only have five on me. Sheila pulls out a 5 dollar bill.
Come on, bargain with me.
How much would you charge me for the lips?
Yeah, but they're all little wannabes. I'm looking for a professional man.
I'm a credit card junkie. I went on a binge and my dad bailed me out. Now I'm trapped in his easy payment plan.
My mom told me not to stay in this town.
Do you talk with your mom?
I don't think your new outfit suits you, Theo.
Plan C...  ...is me.
Come on Theo, what about plan C?
What? Be my body guard?  Here's my body, Theo. Guard it. For my dad's sake. For your career. Sheila starts to unbutton her bowling shirt.
Oh really? Nothing? My dad doesn't do anything unless there's something in it for him.
Ha! And what do you have to do for him?
What do you think my dad's gonna do for you?
What's plan B?
So you're hoping Buzz can get you re- instated?
Why were you suspended?
I wanted to be a motocross champion. My folks didn't really care what I did. Then Junior blew a fuse and I became their last hope. Most girls get ballet stuffed down their throats, I got bowling. I never understood how anyone could take it so seriously. I hope I'm not insulting you.
Theo, what would you do if you couldn't bowl?
We'll get into that later.
So, what about you?
Nobody in this town really understands Junior. When I went to family sessions for him I realized he was the sanest one in the family. Actually, he's the only one in this whole fucking town who knows exactly who he is and what he wants.
No. Not at the present.
Do you have a boyfriend?
Do you have a girlfriend?
Can I ask you something personal?
You and your sideburns are the talk of the party, Theo.
Mind if I cut in?
It's a vicious cycle.
He follows me, he tries to have sex with me, and then they send him to the nut-hut for a while and then he gets out and then he follows me, he tries to have sex with me, they send him to the nut-hut for a while...
The mental hospital.
Everything has it's drawbacks.
When I'm on my bike I feel like a wild person.  Better than any sex I've ever had.
I think that a motorbike is one of the last really free things that people can do.
Your dad's one of the only nice people in this fucking town. My Dad is slime. Kastle walks over. Theo stands up and shakes Kastle's proffered hand.
Won't your father help you with that?
What do you want with my dad?
Here Theo, it's the Fazeli specialty; a seven-ten split. Theo looks down the lane and sees the two pins standing.
Yeah, Babylon. Buzz runs the lanes there for my dad. Everybody who has anything to do with bowling in this town answers to my dad. Theo splits.
Mine, and they never tip.
Coming right up.
How do you want it?  The eggs.
Whips...orange whips.
