See ya 'round Faz.
The Faz sure took care a her.  Breeze makes a nasal GRUNT as he tries to suppress a snigger. Sid - trying to keep a straight face - elbows him. Sid and Breeze approach the coffin. Breeze pulls an orange whip out of a paper bag and carefully places it on the coffin lid.
Think he bought it?
She told us you went after Junior to save your old man's hide. You got some balls goin' after that psycho.
Kastle's daughter's been lookin' for you.
Nothing going on here, everybody stand back. Let him through, ladies. Ladies, please. As they start to move through the female throng, a little girl pops out in front of them, holding her ball.
Hello Mr. Kastle.  Junior, long time. I thought they locked you up and threw away the warden!
How do you turn this thing off?
Right, eating at the core, eating it's way out. It makes me sick!
But not no more. Now people take advantage. Bowling ain't what it used to be. There's something evil spreading in this sport - like a big, gigantic, puss- ridden -
gambling. And it was a safe place for kids, a place where the whole community could meet for some wholesome, clean fun.
Bowling was the most incorruptible sport. No megalomillionaires, no
You know, Elvis bowled.
You got an 8-track tape player on purpose, just 'cause you knew the only thing they had on 8-track was fuckin' opera.
How do you know, you don't even speak Latin?
I hate fuckin' opera.
Bowling used to be so pure, so...All- American. Breeze sings along with Caruso and pretends to conduct.
So Buzz, let's skedaddle. Mr. Kastle is waiting. As Buzz gets up, Theo rises and steps between his father and the two sleazeballs.
Pinhead! Don't just blurt it right out.
Look, Faz, Mr. Kastle was not his usual charismatic self today when he told us to tell you...  What was that he said...?
Buzz, Mr. Kastle wants to talk to you.
We're looking for Buzz Fazeli, seen him?
Three whips. To go.
You afraid we're gonna steal it?
Yeah, basement bingo.
What do you want with old man Faz?
No, pinhead, he ain't here to bowl.
No!
If Junior thinks you're doing the bouncy- bouncy with his sister, he's gonna tap dance on your spleen.
Someone gonna get kacked, boss?
Weird, comes into alleys and doesn't bowl.
Ow! Ooh! No, please! Doc said I'd be back on the planks in a week! Show him Breeze! Breeze pulls a copy of "New York Bowler" from his pocket. The headline reads "RUB OUT!:BOWLING LEGEND KACKED BY DWARFSCAM KINGPIN" with a photo of Buzz Fazeli.
The body was identified along proper Bowling Congress guidelines for processing a bowling related fatality.
Your time is up, busyboy.
You call it stooling, we call it cooperating. Breeze looks under Theo's car.
You should probably hit the road. Go home. This place could get hazardous for your health.
What are you gonna do, call the bowling police?
Very good, busyboy.
Breeze, give him his ball back!
Aagh! Stop! Those are my bowling fingers!
We provide some extracurricular activities for the senior citizens in the community.
If you wanna do business in this town, there's other people around here got more weight than old Faz.
You drag that coconut around for your health, or do you know how to use it?
Lane's closed big fellah, league night.
