What do you want me to do?
Not good.
It means "bloodbrother."
Pain cuts the deepest, isn't that what you said?
I am a hunter.  A weapon.  It's what I do.  It's in my blood.
Get real.  I was useful to Damaskinos as long as the hunt was still on.  Now that it's over, all bets are off.
Because one of us is going to kill the other before this ends.
You don't want to go there.
I wouldn't read too much into it.
For what?
I don't think so.
What?
Save it.  I don't want to hear your words.  Let's do this NOW!!!
Fry 'em.
You don't have to hunt to do it.
Like cancer with a purpose.
Nomak's different.  He's the carrier.  There's something driving him beyond the Thirst.  Something we're missing.
No hemoglobin left. Their metabolisms are too fast.  They burn out.  That's why they're having to feed so often.  Their systems are self destructing.
Time.
Which means he turned about seventy-two hours ago.
Recognize him?
how long since he was bitten?
He escaped.  You didn't tell me they were immune to silver and garlic.
I'll heal.
Nothing.
What is it with you people and pain?
I haven't forgotten.
Where to first?
We're going to be working as a unit, you people will be taking orders from me.  So let's get it over with.  I'll give you a free shot, Reinhardt.
You've been training two years to take me out.  Here I am, the big, bad vampire hunter.  So do it.
Then they weren't created to go after your "patient zero".
Seems like he's doing me a favor, then.
Why?
What?
Blood...
Then who does he work for?
What's your problem, Whistler?
Where the hell have you been?
We'll split into three units.  First team that makes contact wins the prize. Try to maintain radio silence from here on out.
It means I'm starting to wonder if the vampires still have their hooks in you. You've been acting strange ever since I gave you the cure.  Reckless, quick to anger --  You said it yourself, Whistler.  Those vampires knew our defense system backwards and forwards.  Where'd they get their intel?
Pretty hollow words coming from a man who spent the last year running with the enemy.
I wouldn't worry about it.
Where were you, Whistler?
I thought you were supposed to be watching our backs.
I'm not giving you a choice, old man.
He's right.  They'll smell that you're human.  Stay here, watch our backs.
What do you really think?
What do you think?
I agree.  We play along for now, we might wind up learning something about how their world ticks.
Let's just hope you've kicked the Thirst for good.  I'll be watching you close. You start to back-slide --
Did you think I wouldn't?
How do you feel?
Thought you were dead.
So I think you people may have underestimated how many Reapers you're dealing with.
Must be hundreds of these skeletons here.
You don't have a choice.  You're just going to have to protect yourselves as best you can.
Look, I care about the humans who are dying, not you, got it?
Revenge.  That's what Nomak wanted all along.  To pay back the people who created him.
Too bad you're out of it.
The genetic material you spliced into Nomak --  Where did you get it?
You want me to hunt them for you.
For what?
Two things.  One, I was on to you the moment they turned you.  And two --  I switched that dud of yours back with the real one.
Kiss your ass goodbye, Reinhardt.
He wants us to know he's hunting us now.
He was here.  Watching us.
Keep your friends close and your enemies closer.  Isn't that how the saying goes?
Human?
Gonna try and OD Whistler on a retroviral cure.
Ultra-rapid detox.  They use it on heroin addicts, make 'em go cold-turkey in one night.
