If you did that, you'd get nothing except the police after you. If you wait -- I'll give you your six thousand back --
I have an idea working in my head...
I'll pay you back.
I'm not going to get those pearls and neither are you.
I've quit.
With the pearls --
Get out and leave it to me... be ready to leave on the night train for Amsterdam...
I don't like your tone.
Poor girl -- chloroform would give her a rotten headache... I know -- I had it in the war. Besides, she's very pretty -- not young but --
No -- no -- no -- no...
How?
The floor clerk is out there in the corridor -- she sees everything ---
No --
No.
I told you I'll get the pearls tonight.
I've been careful, I've been waiting my chance.
The pearls are in her room.
Yes.
Well?
Not now.
I've told you a hundred times not to speak to me with a cigarette in your mouth.
No -- I told you not to come in this lobby.
Well -- such is life, Flaemmchen.
Oh!
You live here?
Flaemmchen, what are you doing here in the middle of the night.
Going?
I thought that, too -- but I found that it does. Come along, dance with Kringelein.
I fell in love last night -- the real thing.
I feel sorry for him.
Then dance the next number with Kringelein.
Would you like to make a man happy?
Will you do me a big favor?
Yesterday -- yes -- that was yesterday.
Money.
Chasing around.
Sorry.
We'll dance.
Really?
Yes? -- Tomorrow?
Yellow Room where they dance --
Shall we say five o'clock -- downstairs?
Unfortunately no -- to bad -- tomorrow though.
What?
Poor child --  I wish I were free tonight -- we could --
Too bad.
Yes -- yes indeed -- but you are a...  ...a stenographer. Don't little stenographers earn little pennies?
Lord no -- charming -- but why one meal a day?
Reducing?
Oh... poor child. If you were free, I'd ask you to come and have some tea -- but --
Oh!
You?
Oh, my large and noisy neighbor -- really? That?
Whoever is keeping you waiting.
He must be very nice.
Yes, I am rather.
Never?
Like dancing?
Bless you --
Yes -- I will be on the train.
Don't.
Why?
No! I can't explain now. Oh, look -- the pearls. You wear them now...
I can't.
Bless you...
Don't worry. I'll be on the train.  He leaves.
I'll go. -- I love you.  I'll be on that train. I'll get the money.
Never mind -- I'll get it. I have a whole day. I'll be on that train.
Oh no -- that would spoil everything. I'll -- I will manage somehow -- I'll manage myself. I will go with you. When does the train leave?
I have no money now -- I must get some first -- I must get some.
Oh -- yes but -- later.
For Vienna?
When are you leaving Berlin?
I --
I'll go -- good-bye.
I want to be good to you -- madly good.
You do believe that I really love you?
Grusinskaya --
Do you understand?
I couldn't go through with it.  Remarkable.
I wanted money desperately -- Can you understand? -- That's why I wanted the pearls. I was threatened -- I was desperately in need of a certain big sum of money. I've been following you -- I've admired you. But I have forced myself not to think about you -- Last night, at last, I managed to came into your room and -- and now.
Yesterday I was a thief -- but now, --
I know.
I don't want them now.
There.
Please look at me. You must believe me -- you must believe that I love you -- that I have never known what love is -- until last night.
I'm also a criminal and a hotel thief.
I'm a gambler -- I'm running at large like a happy pig, devouring anything of life that pleases me, I really belong in jail
And then, in the war, to kill and hide. That's all.
When I was a little boy I was taught to ride and be a gentleman -- at school, it was a monastery, I learned to pray and lie -- and ---
Really, I haven't a bit of character. None at all.
I'm a prodigal son, the black sheep of a white flock -- I shall die on the gallows.
I am Felix Benvenuto von Gaigern. My mother called me Flix.
That is not the truth.  You do not want to be alone -- you're afraid of being alone -- I know you're afraid. I know you. You were desperate, just now, if I go away you'll be more desperate than ever. Say I am to stay with you... say it.
The veronal -- you. I'm going to stay here with you.
I'm not going... You know that I'm not going... Do you think I could leave you alone here? After that --?
Beautiful but so sad. I did not know it was so dangerous to look into a woman's bedroom.
You are beautiful!
Because I can see something in the mirror that you cannot. My dear --
I should like to smoke.
I? -- Oh, no. I do only what I take pleasure in doing.
No -- You don't want to be alone at all -- You were in despair before -- If I left you, you'd feel worse than you did before, You must not be alone -- You mustn't cry -- you must forget... Tell me that I can stay with you -- tell me.
That is not so -- you don't want to be alone.
I'm not going -- You know I'm not going -- Let me stay here?
Yes -- I do understand.
I saw you just now -- then I saw you cry -- and now I see you in the mirror -- Grusinskaya...
A man who could love -- that is all, who has forgotten everything else for you.
I never knew it was so dangerous to hide in a woman's room when she's alone.
And...?
Am I quite strange to you?
You mustn't talk Russian to me.
So alone.
How tired you are!
No irony. You're so appealing -- so soft -- so tired. I feel like taking you in my arms and not letting anything more happen to you -- ever.
I did not know you were so beautiful... and --
I'd like to smoke a cigarette.
I'm afraid not -- I usually do just what I feel like doing at the moment.
Don't cry -- it tears my heart to see you sob like that.
Poor little Grusinskaya! Does it do you good to cry? Are you afraid? Shall I go?
But surely you must know -- because I love you.
Nothing -- only to be here.
Please do not be frightened, Madam.
You're all right now -- it's very late -- goodnight, Kringelein.
Goodnight, Kringelein.
Here -- here it is. Here's your pocketbook, Kringelein.
I take five hundred.
Drink to me, Kringelein -- it's my last chance.
I've no luck.
That was my last.
All right then.
No -- not at all.
Ready, Kringelein?
Good!
If we could scare up some men to play.
If I could get into a game I might win some.
What?
Absolutely true, Kringelein and I have to raise some money immediately.
I'd like to Kringelein, but I can't -- I am broke!
No, Kringelein, not tired, -- just --  Well -- well --
No thanks -- keeping my head clear.
Hello, Mr. Kringelein. How do you feel now?
Hello -- sorry I'm late.
Where the music's playing and the ladies are...
I'm going to change and we'll meet for a drink in the Yellow Room.
Yes, quite.
Then you know him?
What's the matter, Mr. Kringelein?
And this is Doctor Otternschlag.
I'm Baron von Gaigern.
Not at all, sir.
Perhaps you could present me now, Mr. Pimenov.
Yes, I was in the war.
Yes -- He always seems to be waiting for something -- and nothing ever comes.
The war.
My dear sir, I would gladly change rooms with you.
It's always so quiet here.
I thought she was splendid!
Certainly -- always when Grusinskaya dances.
How's the beautiful lady?
Good evening, Mr. Pimenov.
Don't do that.
Be quiet.
Look here, sir -- I'm completely at your mercy -- I'm desperate -- it's a matter of life or death -- I had to get some money -- tonight.
I must have made a mistake.
As you will.
I think it would be much better if you went away.
Oh, let the poor devil alone.
Pardon me, the lady has urgent business here with me.
