What we want to know about is Manchester.
Very simple -- I've always liked the way you dressed, Preysing -- English, isn't it?
If the Preysing people get the Manchester contract, we shall certainly merge with the Preysing company -- but if they haven't they're ruined -- Preysing will have to declare himself.
And ask me what it's costing us to hammer it down.
See you soon, Preysing. Next week we'll meet and discuss further details.
Under these circumstances it's quite a different matter.
Preysing, you're joking with us.
If you actually have news from Manchester then...
What?
Goodbye, Preysing, I hope you pull through. This is a very bad time to be in such a crisis. We've...
Yes --
Yes --
Sorry, Preysing.
Mop rags -- mop rags -- we're interested in something quite different!
And I said we didn't.
Of course you took the initiative.
Tentative my foot -- a month before this your old father-in-law came very privately and scratched at my door.
Oh -- now let's talk like adults. You want to tell us now a along story of what your factory can do. We know all that you could tell us and if you tell the truth it wouldn't sound so good. When you first approached us...
All you have to do is phone for it.
Oh -- Preysing, Preysing --
Mop rags --!
Oh -- yes -- I beg your pardon!
All right.
I mean with the Manchester people?
There's a lot of business to be done with the Manchester Cotton Company. They've the whole English market right in their hands. Have you any connections with -- Manchester?
They turn out marvelous material in Manchester.
Here's my signature -- here Preysing, sign here.
You've talked enough today, you're hoarse now.
I've admitted that at one time we had reason for desiring ther merger -- What reason have we now? The Preysing Company has fallon upon evil days, very evil days.
We did not approach you.
Thank God we're beginning at the beginning.
How clear is Manchester?
In that case give us the articles. We'll sign at once. We know all the details...
Ah, come on -- we're going home.
Why waste time -- it's getting late.
Nine-thirty, Mr. Preysing keeps us waiting.
