Till then.
On the train?
I'm worried about you.
They've brought me such good luck -- you --
Why do you think --
No?
Are you coming to the theatre? Oh -- I shall dance tonight -- How I shall dance -- I want to feel that you are in the theatre.
Don't do anything foolish -- I'm alarmed about you.
You must go now. Be careful on your way to your room.
Six twenty-seven in the morning... But the money?
I'll give you what you need -- I have money.
Why later?
Can't -- can't you -- Couldn't you come too -- I think it would be better -- for us -- for us both.
Very early in the morning.
Suzette will be back here any minute.
Shall I see you again?
Suzette will be back here in a minute.
Yes -- If I didn't believe that, I'd die after last night.
Yes.
Yes -- yes -- yes.
And now?
But now, you must go... I give you the pearls. But now you must go ---
So --
I'll not denounce you.
You may keep the pearls -- I don't want them any more -- I'll make you a present of them.
Oh --
What is the matter?
That's a silly joke.
Oh! What a picture -- and what else?
And what do you do -- now?
And?
No?
Really?
Flix. -- And how do you live? What kind of a person are you?
Oh -- I was ambitious then -- ambition was in my blood -- no rest, no stopping. We were drilled like little soldiers -- We danced in the school of the Imperial Ballet, in St. Petersburg. I was little and slim but hard as diamond -- a duty machine -- No rest, no stopping. And then -- I became famous and whoever is famous is alone... But why should I be telling you this? Last night I did not know you at all -- who are you, really? -- I do not even know your name.
I want to be alone.
What?
No.
What can you see?
Why do you smile?
I see -- you do only what you take pleasure in doing. You take pleasure in coming into a woman's bedroom and you come. You take pleasure in a dangerous climb onto a balcony, so you do it... And what is your pleasure now?
The stage frays one's nerves... the discipline -- it's so exacting. Discipline means doing what you don't want to do and take no pleasure in doing. Do you know what I mean? Have you ever experienced the weariness that comes from discipline?
Just for a minute then.
I want to be alone --
I want to be alone.
I think you must go now -- the key is on the floor.
Grusinskaya... Oh -- oh if you knew how I slaved and slaved for Grusinskaya -- for the success of Grusinskaya -- for the triumph of Grusinskaya... and what is she now? Just someone who has found that on the day success ceases life ceases -- Are you listening to me -- Do you understand? -- I want you to understand.
You could love me. It is so long since I have heard that word. Nobody has loved me for a long time. It is so icy-cold to be famous. One is so cruelly alone. How is it that you -- Let me look at you. Your hands. Your eyes. Why could you love me?
Go away. Who are you --?
He disappeared. Later he was found dead.
Not quite strange now. It is as if I had been expecting you. You know, once when the Grand Duke was alive, I found a man hiding in my room -- a young officer --
Strange man...
Alone. All alone.  Oh, you strange -- strange creature.
Yes -- tired...
And -- and --
And then --?
Why do you look at me like that?
Certainly.
So you feel like coming into a lady's room -- and you come... What now?
Nerves -- just nerves. You must forgive me. I have had a bad evening. I am very tired. Do you know what it is to be tired -- tired of a routine existence?
I was so alone -- always alone -- and suddenly you were there and said that.  No. I am not afraid. It is strange.
Because you love me -- you love me?
Why do you hide in my room?
What do you want here?
Where is Pimenov? Where is Pimenov?
Goodnight, Suzette.
In the middle of the night -- those flowers make me think of a funeral. Laurels and tube-roses.  Oh, think, Suzette -- the Villa and the sun at Tremezzo -- quiet -- simple -- happy -- we'll have a guest, Suzette.
I've done my hair differently -- do you like that?
Five minutes, Suzette, come back in five minutes. I'll ring.
Oh, yes, Suzette.
Good morning, Suzette.
All right, Suzette -- quickly -- hurry.
Send it away -- I shan't need it.
Oh, Suzette -- Suzette -- Sshh -- quiet.
The pearls won't break -- they hold together and bring me bad luck ---- I hate them!
Now is the time to cancel to stop entirely. I feel it -- everything tells me -- enough -- enough.
Let us cancel the engagement.
I can't dance tonight --
Always the performance -- every day the performance -- time for the performance.  I think, Suzette, I have never been so tired in my life.  Veronal didn't even help me to sleep.
I know -- I know -- but it will be sunny in Tremezzo. We'll have a guest then.
Oh, the sun -- it will be sunny in Tremezzo --
Wait a minute. I've got to ask myself.
I wish to be alone.
Hurry, Suzette.
Take them back, Suzette.
Suzette -- I told you not to bring the pearls. I will not wear them tonight.
Oh -- but it can't be.
The house is not full -- Is it really full?
I'm cancelling the engagement.
But when did he go? How do you know?
Yes, Pimenov.  One minute, Suzette, I will call you.
Good morning, Pimenov.
That theatre -- half empty -- dancing for those few -- I was frantic -- I finished -- the last beat and...  ...I waited -- I listened -- but the applause didn't come -- nothing. A man in the box -- and just the claques behind -- it is passed, Pimenov. We are dead -- it's finished.
Last night?... There was no applause.
It is not stage fright -- it's something more --
The performance -- the performance -- the performance.
