Every glass high to life -- the splendid, dangerous, mighty, brief -- brief life -- and the courage to live it.  Baron, you know -- I've only lived since last night -- but that little while seems longer than all the time before -- all the --
Life, gentlemen, is wonderful, but very dangerous. You must have courage for it, then it's wonderful. You gentlemen don't know that because you are all healthy and happy, but I -- believe me -- a man must know death and not until then does a man know anything about life.
I oughtn't to presume, but I --  I'm so grateful to you -- it's been so marvelous. The first time in my life I have gambled -- I've danced! Oh, you can laugh, gentlemen, but it's the first time in my life I've ever tasted life!
I'm having luck for the first time in my life.
Oh yes -- that's right -- look! I win, don't I --
Oh, no, stay here, Baron -- stay.
No -- no please -- oh, don't go -- don't go -- don't leave me alone, Baron.
Oh -- yes -- that's it -- you found it -- you found it for me, Baron.
All of that at once, Baron?
I do drink, Baron -- I drink to you, Baron and to win.  It's good, -- come along, Baron.
Pardon me, Baron. Permit me again...
You've lost everything?
All right then.
Is that too much, Baron?
Ready, Baron.
We could come to my room.
Gambling! I'd like that. I have over six thousand eight hundred marks with me.
I would be awfully glad to oblige, you've been so decent to me. Three hundred?
If the Baron -- if you would permit me --
Was the Baron joking, or is it really true that the Baron is -- in financial straits.
Broke -- A Baron? But, Baron --
Perhaps this evening, Baron, we could go to the Casino -- the place we passed with the marvelous bright lights?
The Baron is tired?
A drink, Baron -- A Louisiana flip?
A little strange, Baron.
Oh -- here you are, Baron. A drink -- A Louisiana flip?
In the Yellow Room, where the music's playing and the ladies are?
We've been together all day... and in an aeroplane.
Baron, we must have gone a hundred miles an hour, at least...
Do I know him -- I know him through and through.
General Director Preysing!  Baron, when I was sixteen years old, I started as an office boy in that man's factory --
Oh -- Doctor -- you are a Doctor -- I am --
Oh, a Baron!
Permit me -- my name is Kringelein -- from Fredersdorf.
Thank you, sir.
No.
No -- I must find it --  Fourteen thousand two hundred marks.
Oh, I've got to find it.
More than fourteen thousand marks... were in that pocketbook.
I'd like to live a little longer but -- I'm not afraid to die -- I'm not...
Over -- over so soon -- it has just begun.  Oh, the pain.
Excuse me, gentlemen.
Everything?
Haven't you anyone -- Haven't you anybody -- you -- I mean -- Are you all alone in the world.
I had a very good opportunity, a young lady asked me to dance -- I ought to be able to dance, it seems to be very important.
What, Doctor?
For me? -- Oh, please, something sweet and cold.
Pain? Oh, no, Doctor. I think if I had pain I'd be too happy to notice it...
Yes, thanks to the Baron. The best shops, the very best. Look, Doctor, silk -- feels so nice on the skin... a London hat, see -- made in England, that's silk, too -- fifty marks... Look, the price is on it. That was half my salary before. The Baron is a very fine gentleman -- no one in my life has been so nice to me as the Baron.
But Doctor --
Oh, but Doctor. The music -- the champagne -- girls when they dance -- all the shining ice in those big silver things -- That's life --
Oh, but Doctor. Isn't this wonderful. To live -- to live -- in the Grand Hotel.
You will stay, Doctor -- if you have nothing better to do?
Yes -- Oh -- oh -- yes, --
Yes -- yes -- I am tired. I have been ill...
Oh -- but -- I --
Oh!
I came here from a long distance to stay at the Grand Hotel. I want a room -- a big room -- like you would give General Director Preysing -- I'm as good as Mr. Preysing -- I can pay like Mr. Preysing -- would you give him a little room, way up in the corner with the hot water pipes going -- bang -- bang -- bang...
Oh, there must be one in Paris... They have everything in Paris.
Is the bill ready -- the lady's too?
Do you like me better?
Do you believe that you will have a better time with me than you would with Preysing?
When I -- I'm ill, Flaemmchen -- It will not be long -- I'll not last long. Will you stay with me until...
Wherever you like. Here I'll give you the money I won, three thousand four hundred. Later you can have more.
You'll have a good time with me. Want to? I've got enough money. Ten thousand two hundred in my pocketbook. Three thousand four hundred that I won. It will last a long time. I can win more -- we'll travel.
Of course I do -- I never knew what money really meant till I started spending it. Do you know --  I can hardly believe that anything so beautiful should come to me from Preysing -- I'll take care of you. Will -- will you let me?
Yes, of course, -- money!
Then why did you have anything to do with him?
He was in desperate straits. He'd been trying to raise money all day. He laughed -- Poor devil! And then a man like Preysing kills him.
So did I. He was friendly to me as no man ever was.
You loved the Baron, didn't you?
What's the matter?
Preysing?
Oh -- oh, Miss Flaemmchen. It's you --
Oh -- what -- what --
You don't like to see me enjoying myself.
For the first time in my life, I'm happy.
I'm happy, Miss Flaemm.
I never danced before -- in public.
Yes.
She's beautiful -- isn't she?
I don't know -- I'd like to do anything --
Yes -- it's stimulating -- a man might --
Yes -- that --
Oh, thank you, Miss Flaemm. Oh, please, Miss Flaemm -- Permit me, Miss Flaemm, won't you have something sweet -- a Louisiana flip.  A Louisiana flip.
I'm waiting for him here. The Baron and I have been together all day. A hundred miles an hour -- in a motor car -- and in an aeroplane -- It was marvelous --
Oh, can anyone engage you for the evening?
Oh, don't go.
Have you seen the bathroom? -- Hot and cold running water -- You see, I can get a bath whenever I like.
I'm sure this beautiful room must appeal to your taste -- distinctive, don't you think? Velvet upholstery -- 'A-number one'. I'm in the textile trade and I know.  And these are real silk drapes.
Yes -- and for me, it's going to leave at any minute. Let's drink.
You may laugh. Caviar and champagne may mean nothing to you, but to me -- they mean a great deal. You see, I'm ill and all of a sudden I got a fear of missing life. I don't want to miss life -- do you understand?
Waiter, oh waiter! Wait a minute!  We are having caviar -- it's expensive but that makes no difference -- I see the Baroness is laughing.
If I could trouble the Baron to come and see this beautiful room. I have ordered champagne. Perhaps the Baroness could join us.
Again?
Well, now, that's very kind -- thanks. That's what I want -- a large room on the front with a private bath -- Yes, that's what I want. I can pay now if you like.
Does that mean that the bath is my own? --- Private?
Don't worry about me, Mr. General Director Pryesing -- worry about yourself.  There has been a murder -- this is room one sixty-four.
We must call the police, your excellency.
Yes, I know them --
Her room -- oh -- I see, Mr. Preysing -- I understand, Mr. General Director Preysing.
Oh, no -- no -- not the Baron.
Yes, the police must be called.
My best friend -- poor, Baron -- dead -- just like that.
Oh -- the Baron -- the Baron.
Me?
An embezzler -- you're going to take that back, right here in the presence of this young lady -- who do you think you're talking to? You think I'm dirt, if I'm dirt, you're a lot dirtier, Mr. Industrial Magnate Preysing.
Do you think you have free license to be insulting? Believe me you have not. You think you're superior, but you're quite an ordinary man.
Does the world belong to you, Mr. Preysing?
Some champagne, Miss Flaemm?
I could not think of not accepting.
Oh -- you must know me -- Kringelein at the plant. Assistant bookkeeper, building C, room twenty-three -- third floor.
I wish you a very good evening, Mr. Preysing. You are staying here, too, Mr. Preysing?
I certainly have a complaint -- and a fair one.
No, I won't wait -- I can't -- Every day is precious -- every hour -- Every minute.
Did I say I wanted a cheap room to live in -- when I came here did I ask for a cheap room? Did I?
I won't wait -- I can't wait -- I waited three days before I got a room at all and what a room that is.
