Hello! Hello! --
I'm going to call the police. I'm going to watch you play the great Baron with the police. Aristocrat! Aristocrat!
Indeed you must, Baron -- you must. Humm -- humm, but you must go to jail, Baron, you're a thief.
So that's how we stand, Baron.
Made a mistake -- remarkable. We shall soon see if you made a mistake.   Stay here... Give me that money.
Aha! -- The Baron. What do you want here?
We shall see who remains here the longer.
I did not ask your advice.
Insolent -- Berlin manners.
You're a funny little creature, Flaemmchen. I can't make you out.
Why not?
Call me -- do you know -- would you -- would you like to call me by my first name?
Come here.
You're sweet.
You are late. I've been waiting for you -- waiting.
Baron!
Insolent young cub!
Can you pay some attention to me?
It's agreed -- I will get a room here for you.
Of course -- of course.
What do you think your salary would be -- for such a trip?
You see, I'd like to take a secretary with me for my correspondence and -- humm -- humm -- for company on the trip -- I'm nervous -- I need somebody -- I don't know if you quite understand me. You said you have travelled with gentlemen -- and I mean --
I must go to England -- at once.
Yes.
I'm going to keep an eye on that Kringelein fellow. I'll find out where he gets the money to hang around the Grand Hotel.
Sit here.  Cognac -- for you?
I'll remember you, Mr. Kringelein.
No -- now.
I must speak to you, Miss Flaemm -- business.
It's urgent.
I must speak with you, Miss Flaemm.
Miss Flaemm.
That'll be all -- be here tomorrow at nine o'clock.
Definitely off.
My daughters -- yes, my daughters.
Should throw a great weight into the balance...
Have you got it now?
Can't you understand me?
What?
Moreover, the possibility of the successful termination of negotiations now pending with the Manchester Cotton Company...
With the same friend?
Don't misunderstand me. I'm a married man -- with grownup daughters. Uh --
Moreover... He was a lucky man -- that man.
A man? -- To Switzerland? -- That must have been nice -- for him.
Skiing?
What brown hands you have.
What?
You...
You...
What is this?
Movies?
Moreover...
You're a very unusual stenographer --
Tired?
Do you work in Justice Zinnowitz' office?
Moreover...
Moreover --
Then you will please wait outside.
What...! --
Next week.
Under these circumstances we might refuse to sign.
I thought we'd suspended negotiations, gentlemen.
Gentlemen, I am now free to announce...  ...that the deal between my firm and the Manchester Cotton Company has been successfully negotiated.
Oh no -- no -- the session is over. Let's go, it's off. Thank you, gentlemen.
Why talk -- it's over -- it's over -- it's finished. You've broken off negotiations. You did it. You're calling them off. You had nothing on your mind all day, but Manchester, -- Manchester -- Manchester.  You don't suppose for one moment that I'm such a fool as not to have something that I could say definitely about Manchester.
Then, it's all over?
You've decided against the merger?
What?
Evil days -- I've shown you here --  -- my company exports to the Balkans alone, sixty-five thousand marks worth of mop rags a year.
I know you did -- I said you did --
Scratched --  We did not take the initiative.
We did not approach you.
Now to proceed with the projected merger, the advantages for the Saxonia are so obvious...
No water -- What a place!
I'd like to wait for Justice Zinnowitz, before I commit myself.
I'm laying before you the last general statement of our concern. Active capital, plant and machinery, raw material and finished product -- for instance -- mop rags --
Since, on the eleventh of June, this year -- when the first negotiations for a merger between our respective firms was entered into -- both parties have fully agreed that this merger can result only in mutual advantages.
We are here to discuss our merger. Naturally I can make no statement at this time. We must begin at the beginning.
We have a good many connections in England, naturally.
Manchester -- yes. Yes, yes, they do. Yes -- Now gentlemen shall we begin at the beginning? -- Have we cigars -- water and everything?
What?
How much -- how much do you want -- you need money -- you have nothing.
The scandal -- we are men -- you -- you could take that affair of the young lady upon yourself -- take her and hold your tongue. Then you can travel -- I'll give you anything -- anything -- she was with you.
I can answer for this, it was self- defense -- I can answer for this -- but that girl -- the scandal -- my wife -- my daughters, you know them?
Where is that girl -- she was working with him -- she enticed me into her room.
No -- no -- wait -- the man was a burglar -- he was going to steal my money.
-- We must do something...
He tried to rob me -- he is dead --
Yes you -- shut your mouth -- get out -- you're discharged.
You're discharged.
Who are you? -- An embezzler most likely.
Go away -- go away.
What is this insolence?
You may go, Mr. Kringelein.
Well now, Miss Flaemm, we can talk.
You say that you are employed by us in Fredersdorf, and here you are in Berlin, indulging in diversions which ill befit your position and which are very much beyond your means -- Quite extraordinary, Mr. Kringelein, I think we will look into your books.
Mr. Kringelein will be a good friend and not accept your invitation to dance.
I don't know you.
Let's go down and find her -- I need a drink -- Come along Zinnowitz.  I don't know anything about women -- been married for twenty-six years.
Zinnowitz, would you say she was pretty?
I want to see her, I want to do some dictating -- report of the conference for my father-in-law.
Say it -- say it -- my lie -- it's the first time in thirty years that I've ever... Where's that stenographer? Miss Flaemm...
Yes -- that's what I want -- I'd like to tear loose -- I'd like a drink. I'd like to go down to that dancing place. I'd like to start something.
Yes -- I must go to England -- I was desperate -- Now I don't care -- This sort of thing goes to a man's head.
No one would have thought it of me. I've been getting rusty in Fredersdorf. Well, if bluff is what the world wants I guess I can put up as big a bluff as anyone. From now on...
That.
Bluff -- Bluff -- all bluff.
Next week.
I can make no statement about Manchester at this time.
Oh, here you are, Justice Zinnowitz -- I'm at cross-purposes with these gentlemen -- will you clear up the situation?
Good night.
I want to dictate my statement for tomorrow. I can't speak without notes. I like to have things down before me in black and white.
Yes -- the merger must go through -- But I am used to making my deals on a solid basis. I am not a liar. I am an honest business man -- a good husband and father -- I have a sense of honor -- I have nothing to conceal. I couldn't live happily otherwise.
No news from Manchester yet -- Do you think we ought to postpone the conference?
I know -- I know.
No. No word.
Waiting -- I'm waiting for news from Manchester.
Ach! Here you are, Doctor Zinnowitz.
