Yes.  They felt like traffic accidents.
Yes. I didn't plan it that way.
The junior pathologist at Ashford Hospital. Then the husband of a colleague of mine, then a trainee radiologist, then the service manager at my garage.
I don't know. You can never be sure with Vaughan. This is his show.
When I first met Vaughan, he was a specialist in international computerized traffic systems. I don't know what he is now.
That's Vaughan. He talked to you at the hospital.
That's the point. Besides, I know I can give something now that I wasn't remotely aware of before. It's not a matter of duty so much as of commitment.
Yes.
We sat in B massive traffic jam under an off-ramp. I don't think we moved more than fifty yards.  I'm thinking of taking up a new job with the Road Research Laboratory. They need a medical officer. The salary is larger something I've got to think about now. There's a certain moral virtue in being materialistic, I'm beginning to feel. Well, it's a new approach for me, in any case.
I've found that I enjoy burying myself in heavy traffic. I like to look at it. Yesterday I hired a taxi driver to drive me around for an hour. "Anywhere", I said.
It's much worse now. You noticed that, did you? The day I left the hospital I had the extraordinary feeling that all these cars were gathering for some special reason I didn't understand. There seemed to be ten times as much traffic.
Do you want a cigarette? I started to smoke at the hospital. It's rather stupid of me.
I work in the immigration department there.
I'll wear a bloody kimono if I want to.
Not yet - though not soon enough for some people, I've already found. A death in the doctor's family makes the patients doubly uneasy.
Haven't I? To the airport, if you could.
Were you badly hurt? I think we saw each other at the hospital.  I don't want the car. In fact, I was appalled to find that I have to pay a small fee to have it scrapped.
They said it was here. They told me this morning.
After this sort of thing, how do people manage to look at a car, let alone drive one?  I'm trying to find Charles's car.
