Let me hear you say that! I so unhappy she runned away that I killed myself-- that what happen here, ain't that right?
That's 'cause I sticked my *own* knife in the wound--after she go, I sticked my *own* knife in there. I poked it all around, I just tryin' to find the same place she got me.
She just plan misunderstand me--I was tryin' to give her my knife, I was just reachin' to touch her hand. But I understand if she misunderstand me--it's all my fault, ain't that right?
If that was your knife, Muddy, I wanna thank you for givin' it to her-- no girl should be goin' *hitch-hikin'* if she don't got a good knife with her.
I'm stayin', Homer.
When it comes to this, you is the real thing--is that what you sayin'?
There ain't no *almost* about this stuff, Homer--ain't that right?
What's that? What's it called?
What business is you in, Homer?
You forget yourself, Homer. This here's my daughter! You got your own mess to deal with--ain't that right?
And I *love* her! There ain't nobody else gonna treat her as good as I do!  I wouldn't do nothin' to hurt her, Homer--you must know that.
Homer, don't you know what business you in? You don't wanna go into no business with me, Homer--ain't that right?
Ain't nobody havin' *sex* with my little girl, Homer--that's somethin' a father knows.
I think you been stayin' up too late at night, Homer.
I didn't see where you was pickin' this mornin', Homer, but you musta worked up a big appetite. You look like you're serious about gettin' to your lunch today!
You still doin' it too fast!
Slow down, Homer--don't be in such a big hurry.
Of *course* there's worms, Homer! And what is them worms, really? They just *protein*, them worms! They is *good* for you!
Cider don't have no taste till later in October--it's too watery now, when we're usin' just them early Macs and them Gravensteins. You don't get no *good* cider till you're pickin' them Golden Delicious and them Winter Bananas, them Baldwins and them Russerts...
Homer, you the only one who's read them rules, so you the only one who feels like he's doin' somethin' wrong.
That's better. I can tell you got yourself some education. Them's good hands you got, Homer. Them hands you got, they know what they're doin'-- ain't that right?
Stop it, Homer. They aren't our rules. We didn't write them. I don't see no reason to read them.
It's big enough to keep you out of the war, I suppose. Ain't that right?
Out back, there's a shed. It's just a mess. If that shed was better organized, I could put my truck in there.
What business is you in, Jack? Just tell me what your business is...
It's not that hard to find it in there, Jack--it'll take you just a minute. You just gotta go fishin'.
That just ain't right, Jack--your cigarette's gonna end up in nine or ten gallons of this batch of cider! That ain't right.
You think so, Jack? Well... I wouldn't want to be in that Wally's shoes tonight.
Jack, you gotta watch your language 'round my daughter.
Now, now. He's a good boy.
Who *live* here in this cider house, Peaches? Who grind them apples, who press that cider, who clean up the mess, and who just plain *live* here... just breathin' in the vinegar?  Somebody who *don't* live here made them rules. Them rules ain't for *us*. *We* the ones who make up them rules. We makin' our *own* rules, every day. Ain't that right, Homer?
Then you pickin' 'em too fast--they ain't no better than drops to me. See that bruise, and that one? *Half* of these is bruised! Look at this one! It ain't got no stem! You might as well *step* on 'em, too--they only good for cider.
You pickin' nothin' but cider apples, Peaches--I hope you understand that.
What have you two been doin' to make it look so nice?
Don't this place look like home?
You all take care of yourself, too, Homer!
Mind your own business, Peaches.
They told me I was too old to serve.
That's right. I know you understand how I feel, Homer--you is breakin' them rules, too. Ain't that right?
That's right! A girl's gotta know how to defend herself, don't she?
She's *good* with that knife! She's real fast. She's a lot better with that knife than *you* is, Muddy! And who do you suppose taught her?
Tell him what you want, Muddy--*you* is the crew boss today.
Tell that Vernon to mind his own business, Muddy.
Don't let us make you nervous or nothin'--we know you gotta job to do.
Well, Muddy, we can look at all these angry stars Homer's been readin' to us about.
Where's your manners? Make room for Homer, so's he can enjoy the view.
You just go inside, Homer. We don't need no help.
You ain't goin' nowhere in the middle of the night, girl!
Where do you think you're going?
Now, now, Jack--that just ain't right.
You oughta know you don't go to jail for cuttin' a guy's *clothes*. Ain't that right, Homer?
Now, now, darlin'... Jack just needs to know what business he's in.
That's right--that sounds like trouble to me.
You lucky you in your work boots tonight, girl...
