Feeling lucky?
C'mon.
AmeriTech's data-base.  There's Albert's D.C. office address and his phone's identity code. Now we just reprogram out phone with his ID code and you know what we've got?
Shit.
What do you know about locking cellular phone signals?
We'll have to re-stock some basics.
How fast can you learn?
You wanna get caught spying on Albert?
Who?
Reynolds.
How?
What if <u>what</u>?
They've done it before. Takes maybe two minutes.
If they couldn't do that, they'd shut down the whole system, all the relays.
Nah, they'd shut down the pin number.
What if we transmitted it over cellular?
<u>I</u> know. <u>I</u> know what they're looking for and I'm telling you.
The area's wired for surveillance, they'll be <u>looking</u> for those moves.
It'd never get through. All packages are screened, x-rayed and then hand-searched for explosives. You didn't like my "give-me-my- money" idea?
I was thinkin' about asking for my hundred and fifty grand and calling it quits.
Same thing?
Listen to you, "directly". You're not gonna get <u>near</u> the News Department. And if you did, it'd never get on the air. Time-Life buried the Zapruder film for 15 years.
Goddammit--
Drive or I'll blow your fuckin' head off.
Drive.
Drive.
These guys are incredibly persistent.
Yeah, I can see where that'd--
Fuckin-A.
We lost 'em.
Think we let out enough air?
Those are Feds.
You sure?
They shouldn't have come without calling first.
Empty 'em 'till they're almost flat. And turn your head. There might be some debris flying your way.
In the warehouse. They're hiding in a duct on the third floor. When we go back inside, they're gonna kill us. When they notice that we're moving toward the car, they'll come running out of the building.
Here?
Them.
They're here.
Well, actually, <u>you</u> have proof. Could you walk a little faster please.
The NSA killed him.
Remember when Senator Hamersley died in an accident up near Shenandoah?
Yeah.  Take a walk with me.
That is one ugly sunrise.
Welcome to Santa's Workshop.
What do you think?
Well...there'd be too much disclosure to prosecute me. So they ruined my records and made sure I'd never hold a real job again.
It was '72. I figured we had enough problems without monitoring a Berkeley kid's class schedule. So I sold my story to <u>Ramparts</u> and split.
That was twenty years ago. With digital? They can suck a salt grain off a beach.
Meade has 18 underground acres of computers. They scan <u>every</u> phonecall for target words like "bomb" or "President". We red-flag phone numbers or voice prints...whatever we wanted. When the computers found something, it was bounced to comparative analysis.
They can tap anything as along as it's an airwave intercept. Cellulars and pagers your kid can do.  Hard-line calls we'd pick off the relays as they were being fed into ground cables or fired up to the SATs. We'd suck in everything. All foreign, most domestic.  Domestic was my group. Druggies, radicals, loud-mouths. Anyone we wanted.
I intercepted phone calls.
I was a traffic analyst.
None of your business.
The NSA's been in bed with the entire tele-communications industry since the 40's. They've infected everything: Banks, computers, phones, mail, name it.  The more technology we buy into, the easier it is keeping tabs on us. It's a brave new world.  At least it better be.
Oh, I'll bet <u>that</u> threw 'em off the scent. I sure hope you covered the mouthpiece with a handkerchief and used a funny voice!
You don't get it. They go through your phone records. They fuckin' monitor everyone you called in the last--
I told you no calls.
What'd I tell you?
What'd I tell you?
What'd I tell you?
Jesus!
I mean did you call anyone.
Did you call anyone?
The price rises with the temperature and right now you're smokin'. But you're right, you should shop around and get the best price. I'll just let you out here.
I was worried about my hundred and twenty 'K'.
I taped it off the 11 o'clock news.
Move it.
Get dressed. We're leaving.
If you find something, chalk the Baltimore Sheraton mailbox and go to Temperanceville. It's South of Salisbury.  And take this.
They froze your accounts. Get outa my way.
And you won't. Now move--
Look, you gave me some work over the last year. We'll call it even.
Hey, if you live another week I'll be impressed.
No shit.
Exposure. They can't have it. They wanna learn what you know and then deal with it.
They're spooks.
Pal, you're cooked. It's over. What you did, who you were...that's done. I'd find a quiet job somewhere shoveling snow.
If I knew, they'd be after <u>me</u>. Which they probably are right now. 'Bye.
It means the NSA can read the time off your wristwatch.
230 Giga-Hertz. They use that band for the Aquacade Spy-SAT uplinks.
Like a LowJack, but two generations ahead of what the police use. It pulses at 230 Giga-Hertz.
It's a SAT-tracker.
I clipped this from your wheel well just before they towed your car away.
You drive a black BMW, license plate SRK1339?
Okay.
Yes.
That's who they are.
You've heard of the National Security Agency?
One of many people who would live a word with you.
You knew the deal. No contact.
My name's Neil. Maybe I can help you.
Jerry's on vacation 'till Monday. I can give him the message when he gets back. That was Patrick and the last name--
Who's calling?
Baudmore Consultants.
Anytime.
With spy satellites. I don't like saying these things Senator...
Tracks your location to the inch and works directly with--you know...
I yanked this off your RV. It's a Global Positioning Tracker.
FBI, CIA, NSA, local cops.
Most of this stuff's only available to law enforcement.
The thing is, Senator, and I don't want to get in the middle of nothing, but--
Ah, sir, you know, it's not for me to say.
Well, sir, I'm afraid it's not as simple as that. Your average newspaper guy or Hard Copy lady or whatever, they can't buy this stuff.
A receiver tuned permanently to the Senator's phone.
