No. Mister Harding, that is not true.
Yes, Mister Harding?
Yes, Mister Harding?
No secrets, Mister Harding. Let's get it all out in the open...
Have you ever speculated, Mister Harding, that you are impatient with your wife because she does not meet your mental requirements?
Why?
And yet you suspect her.
But you have no proof.
Am I to take it that there isn't a man among you who has an opinion concerning this matter?  Mister Harding, you've stated on more than one occasion that you suspected your wife of seeing other men.
He also thinks he may have given her reason to seek sexual attention elsewhere, but he didn't say how. He has been heard to say to his wife, 'I hate you, I don't ever want to see you again. You've betrayed me.'  So. Does anyone care to touch upon this further?
At the close of Friday's meeting, we were discussing Mister Harding's problem, concerning his wife...  Mister Harding stated that his wife made him uneasy because she drew stares from men on the street. Is that correct, Mister Harding?
Mister Washington.
Get up, Billy.
Who? Tell me!
Billy, that girl couldn't have pulled you in there forcibly...
I don't want your mother to believe something like this but what am I to think?
You should have thought about that before you brought that woman in here!
You mean you don't want their votes to count, Billy!
Billy, were you afraid of her, or of her love?
What was it about her that disturbed you so, Billy?
Tell us about it...
Was it your idea to visit her on Sunday?
Yes, Billy?
Mister Sefelt?
Would you like to start?
Yes. Good luck, Mister McMurphy.
Certainly, Mister McMurphy, with pleasure.
Good. Why don't you join us?
I hope everything is settled.
Welcome back.
Mister McMurphy.
No, it was irresponsible!
Mr. McMurphy, you had no right to take these men out with you!
You men remain seated!
Mister McMurphy, you are deliberately violating the rules!...
I'm sorry, Mister McMurphy, but you must have a majority to change ward policy.
But there are eighteen patients on the ward, Mister McMurphy.
I'm sorry, Mister McMurphy, I count only eight.
Everyone in favor of changing the schedule raise his hand.
A vote is before the group.
Very well. What is it you're proposing, Mister McMurphy?
Let me pose a question to the group: do any of you feel that Mister McMurphy is perhaps imposing his personal desires on you too much?
Mister McMurphy, the purpose of this meeting is therapy. Group therapy.
That was the first time you attempted to commit suicide, wasn't it?  You must try to talk about it, Billy.
Yes. Now was there anything else you wanted to discuss, Mister McMurphy?
Please understand, the schedule has been set up for a delicately balanced reason that would be thrown into turmoil by a switch of routines.
Just a minute, Mister McMurphy!
Go on...
Certainly, Mister McMurphy.
Yes, Mister McMurphy.
Yes. Now run along like a good boy and see that you wash up properly.
After breakfast, Mister McMurphy, after breakfast.
Now you boys hurry along and wash up for breakfast...  You too, Mister McMurphy.
Patients are rationed to one pack of cigarettes a day.
Oh, I had them removed.
On this ward?
Mister McMurphy, patients are not permitted to run around in towels.
That's all right, Miss Pilbow, if Mister McMurphy does not wish to take his medication orally, he may...
Not at all, Mister McMurphy...
Mister McMurphy, there are old men here who couldn't hear the music at all if it were lower. That music is all they have, and I wish you wouldn't lean against the glass there, your hands are staining the window.
That music is for everyone, Mister McMurphy.
Yes, Mister McMurphy?
Mister McMurphy. Patients aren't allowed in here.
Yes... We were discussing Mister Harding's problem with his wife. Now, who will start?  Billy.
Mister McMurphy, this ward is a democratic community run by the patients and their votes, so you should feel at ease in your new surroundings to the extent you can freely discuss emotional problems in front of the patients and staff. However, the cardinal rule, and I must emphasize this: Everyone keeps their seat during the meeting!
Yes. Now go along, Mister McMurphy. Go along.
Good. I'm sure we'll be friends.
Is there anything else?
Good. Now if you'll just go along with Mister Washington, he'll see that you're properly oriented.
All in good time, Mister McMurphy. All in good time.
Please use your time to familiarize yourself with your new home and if there is anything you need to know, don't hesitate to ask us.
This is your bed. You may leave your things in that cabinet.
We do appreciate the way you have taken it upon yourself to meet the other patients.
My name is Miss Ratched. I'm the head nurse here. You've already met Miss Pilbow and Aides Washington and Warren.
Will you come with me, please.
Mister McMurphy!
Put him in Doctor Spivey's office!
Please see to Mister Bromden.
Mister Washington, why don't we get a good head start on the day by shaving Mister Bromden and see if we can't avoid a disturbance.
