Is it true McMurphy killed two attendants and escaped yesterday?
Yes, thank you, Miss Ratched. Since our last meeting I have been reflecting, quite seriously, on the nature of my problem. Naturally, I'm referring to the capacity to obtain the necessary results in order to obtain... No, no. To personify the very existence of that relationship regardless of the function...  Regardless of the function, we will confront the question of... Yes. Yes. The question of... Existence... Relationship... Function... Confront... Yes, confronting us in the moment of deepest crisis... Yes, the crisis of our souls. Of our souls, which I am trying to fully understand the problem... the problem. Not to shut ourselves off, but somehow... Somehow to understand fully our capacity... to obtain... to personify... the question... existence depends... depends on the question... to reflect... to reflect...
I mean, the other day you made an allusion to my wife and the possible sexual problems we might be having. I know that to be the case, but the way in which you broached it, if that's your idea of teaching me something...
I can only speculate as to the reasons why.
Yes, that is correct.
No, Miss Ratched...
Yes, Miss Ratched, this is correct.
Yes, that's perfectly correct.
Sure, Mack...
I don't trust you!
I just started!
No!
I refuse!
What are you talking about??? Everybody was covered!!! Everybody was covered!!!
What's your plan, Mack?
That's nice. Send me a post card.
What for?
It doesn't help him.
So why are you talking to him?
He can't hear you!
Giving up?
Okay, sucker.
Twenty-five dollars.
With your own two hands?
You mean you're going to try to pick that thing up and shove it through the window?
And how do you propose to accomplish that little feat, my friend?
A baseball game isn't worth the risk, my friend.
She's not all that homely, Mister McMurphy. In fact, she must have been a rather beautiful young lady.
I don't see you scoring any points, buddy. And you're just the man for the job, right?
Now, what would I be trying to say?
That!
Lobotomy!
And if you persist in your ways, they can always ship you over to Medical Surgery.
Electro-Shock Therapy, my friend. Five cents' worth of electricity and you are out of everybody's hair.
Miss Ratched is a competent psychiatric nurse, not some, some kind of monster pecking out our eyes!
Did to me?
It's as simple as that. You've been on our ward six hours and have already simplified the work of Freud, Jung and Maxwell Jones in one grand analogy: it's a pecking party.
A pecking party?
What are you doing?
Martini!
I'm not running a charity ward...
No!
Well, if you gentlemen will excuse me, I have some pressing matters to attend to.
Let me see your hand!
Don't you have any clubs?
Who told you that?
When?
Hear what?
Big king, too bad...
Miss Ratched. Given all the conditions of that sublime relationship, coupled with the subsequent annihilation of all that I held to be sacred, mentally, physically and emotionally, the only thing that I can speculate on, at this late date, is how I will justify the very existence of my life, with or without my dear wife.
