It's not a very big army. And small as it is you won't be able to continue feeding it for very long. We've got to find ways of getting them to respond without relying on...
We think there are other cities surviving. We think maybe Detroit... there's some signalling out of Philly.
Tonight?
I'm sorry, General, if I...spoke out of turn. It's just that...Mr Tyler is not here to defend himself. He has no representation. I don't believe due process is being served by...
THIS IS A TRAVESTY! CAPTAIN RHODES IS...
Sir. It's quite clear that...
...Captain Rhodes is trying to...
I'm sorry. I was...busy. In the lab.
Sir, Tyler is innocent of any crime against the State. Captain Rhodes is...
You better not mess with me, Rhodes. I'd love to serve your balls to those Red Coats for lunch! Think about it!
Rhodes, you and I had a roll in the hay together when I first got here. It was a wholly unsatisfying experience which I do not want to, and which I never will repeat! So give up, mister! I'm going home...to that roommate you mentioned.
If you put her on the shit list because of her reaction here tonight I'll go to Dickerson.
Julie Grant is a behaviouralist. She's not medical. She hasn't been as...exposed to...to things...as some of the rest of us. She'll be alright. I'll talk to her. She'll be alright.
You're....you're disgusting! You're....FILTH!
Leave me alone, you...COCKSUCKER!!!
You gave them a fresh taste of blood!
You have ruined weeks of work here! We've been trying to wean these specimens onto alligator meat!
God....damn you, Rhodes!
I'll have somebody's ass for this. I'll have your ass, soldier. I'm not gonna stand here and...
I can work here. Maybe my work can help...help everyone. I can do more good with access to this equipment than I can off in some wasteland.
I am not...a guerilla fighter, Toby. I'm not a pioneer. I'm not...I'm not strong that way. I need...
I want you to leave. Then maybe...
It's because of me.
Some of Rhodes' men. At the door.
Toby...thank God...wait here. I gotta find out what's goin' on.
