How did you know we were on this island? Do others know? Will others come?
Then why did you come here?
Where are your headquarters, rebel? Tell me or I'll let you hang there forever...FOREVER!
I don't believe you, rebel. Where are your headquarters? On the mainland?
I'll bargain with you. How many of you are on the island?
After hanging up there a few days you will be mad for food...crazed! You will lust for it! YOU WILL BE WORSE THAN ANY OF THEM!
And if I don't? If I don't you'll come back after your death. You'll come back and find yourself hanging there...wanting to eat...needing to eat human flesh. You hate that thought, don't you? That's the ultimate sin for most of you fools, isn't it?
Maybe. We'll have a little talk first. Then....maybe...I can help you out. String him up.
The purpose of decapitation is to preserve as much...food...as possible. The purpose for feeding is to keep the beasts on our side. The fact that they can be taught to clean up our garbage or to fire a gun is a convenient side benefit, not the primary goal. The primary goal is to keep ourselves from becoming their supper. Keep them fed and they behave. Keep them hungry and they revert back to being the animals that they have always been. You saw them in there.
They are brutes without feeling. Though I admit that I've requested cremation for myself. Burial is an archaic tradition, even more ridiculous now than it ever was. To say nothing of the...spacing problem...on a small island like this.
Any dead whose brains are intact will revive.
Sir. In the matter of the State versus Private Tyler, I don't want to...
No, Miss Science. You're the one who needs to do some thinking.
I had an unfortunate little run-in with him today. In fact...you might say that Mr. Tyler is in big trouble with the...authorities.
Ah, yes, our noble Gasparilla does seem to favour you lately. I understand he assigned you a roommate of your choice. The rest of us have to pick names out of a hat.
Oh, I have no doubt.
And you're the one who builds the bomb and they says, 'I hope it'll never actually be used'.
You can't run away from the planet, Miss Science. You can't even run away from the island, heh heh.
They will never be satisfied with anything else, Miss Henried. They want human flesh. I'm prepared to take whatever steps are necessary to see to it they don't get mine! Not while I'm still using it!
No wonder they're so....hungry.
God has damned us all. Are my atrocities worse than yours?
Come, come, Miss Science. You've seen worse.
It's been fired.
Let me see your weapon.
You fired that shot, didn't you?
Step up here, Tyler.
I said, I'll take care of them. Just leave them there. Go help with the rest of the gear.
No time for that. I'll take care of them.
Where are you going, Tyler?
