Many marriages begin with a certain amount of distance, but after a while I believe we could learn to love each other.  Think about it.
I know.  Marry me, Dana, and together we will raise Vigo as our son.  There are many perks that come with being the mother of a living god.  I'm sure he will supply for us a magnificent apartment.  And perhaps a car and free parking.
Time is running out, Dana.  Soon it will be midnight and the city will be mine -- and Vigo's.  Well, mainly Vigo's.  But we have a spectacular opportunity to make the best of our relationship.
Not in this case, my dear.  Take a look. That's not Gainsborough's Blue Boy up there. He's Vigo!
I don't believe we have the luxury of choice.
No harm will come to the child.  You might even say it's a privilege.  He will be the vessel for the spirit of Vigo.  And you -- well, you will be the mother of the ruler of the world.  Doesn't that sound nice?
Dana, aren't you going to introduce me to your friend?
Okay, just thought I'd check.  Good night, Dana.  Sleep well.  Don't let the bedbugs bite you.
Do you need anything?  You want me to come in?
Hello, Dana.  I happened to be in the neighborhood and I thought I'd stop by to see if everything's all right with you -- you know, with the blackout and everything? Are you okay?  Is the baby all right?
Okay, I'll take a raincheck on that.
Every day I ask you, and every day you've got something else to do.  Do I have bad breath or something?
We'll be very sorry to lose you.  Perhaps I could take you to lunch today?
You know, you are really doing very good work here.  I think soon you may be ready to assist me in some of the more important restorations.
You pitiful, miserable creatures!  You dare to challenge the power of darkness?  Don't you realize what you are dealing with?  He's Vigo!  You are like the buzzing of flies to him.
So you see, everything is in order, is it not?
It must be the chemical fumes in the studio. People start imagining things --
The Upper West Side.
Then why have you come?
Dr. Venkman?  Dana is not here.
My pleasure.
We don't go around altering valuable paintings, Dr. Venkman.
nan
It's a painting I'm restoring for the new Byzantine exhibition.  It's a self-portrait of Prince Vigo, the Carpathian.  He ruled most of Carpathia and Moldavia in the 17th Century.
Pleasure to meet you.  I've seen you on television.
Lord Vigo, the mother, Dana, is fine and strong.  I was wondering -- well, would it be possible -- if I bring the baby, could I have the woman?
I await the word of Vigo.
-- the sorrow --
Yes, the scourge --
Command me, lord.
