Oh, yeah, sure -- no.  But there's really not much to do here and they might need some back-up at the museum.
You're right.  We should stay.
Should we go?
Tonight?
Okay.
So they bartered room and board in exchange for housekeeping services, which was a good deal for all of them because then they didn't have to withhold tax and social security, which I'm not saying is right but it's just a story, so I guess it's all right.  I can finish this later if you're tired.
So these dwarfs had a limited partnership in a small mining operation and then one day a beautiful princess came to live with them.
Oh, sure, that sounds great.
Janine, do you feel like maybe getting something to eat on the way home?
No, I celebrate at the beginning of my corporate tax year which is March first. That way I beat the crowds.
Oh, no, it's just if one of the guys calls in sick or gets hurt.
I was trying to get that smelly green thing. The guys asked me to help out.  I'm like the fifth Ghostbuster.
Oh migod!  I'm sorry.  I didn't mean to do that.  It was an accident.
Ghostbusters.
Don't worry.  We're not moving.  He is.
What is it, honey?
Did I forget something?
Your honor, ladies and gentlemen of the --  audience.  I don't think it's fair to call my clients frauds.  Okay, the blackout was a big problem for everybody.  I was stuck in an elevator for about three hours and I had to go to the bathroom the whole time, but I don't blame them because once I turned into a dog and they helped me.  Thank you.
Can I have some of your water?
Your honor, may I approach the bench?
Do I?
Okay, let me rephrase that question.  Didn't you once coach a basketball team for underprivileged children?
I let them handle all the little stuff.  I just come in on the big ones.
Hey!  Wait!  Okay, I'll meet you there.
This is my cousin Sherman.  Sherm, say hello to the Ghostbusters.  I promised him a ride in the car if he got you out.
I'm telling you, we're all going to be in big trouble if we don't do something fast. That ghost guy came and took my friend's baby and we got to get it back.  It's just a scared little baby, Sherm.
I fixed you up with Diane Troxler and she put out, didn't she?
I got you out of those bad tax shelters.
Sherman, I've done lots of favors for you.
Why can't you just have them released? You're a doctor.
Come on, Sherm.  You're my cousin.  Do this for me.  I'm begging you.
