I won't.
Certainly.
No.  Not that I can recall.
Venkman?  I think he was borderline for a while there.  Then he crossed the border.
Occasionally
Oh no.
We'll do the happiness index next.  I'd like to bring Ray in on your case, if it's all right with you.
I'm trying to determine whether human emotional states have a measurable effect on the psychomagnetheric energy field.  It's a theory Ray and I were working on when we had to dissolve Ghostbusters.
I'm not saying you did.  In science we always look for the simplest explanation.
They came from Ostrov in Eastern Poland.
It's probably the first thing my grandparents saw when they came to this country.
I'm worried.  The vibrations could shake her to pieces.  We should have padded her feet.
It's working.  The positive GeV's are climbing.
This won't wait until tomorrow, Venkman. It's hot and it's ready to pop.
You know, animals and lower life forms often anticipate major disasters.  Given the new magnetheric readings we could see a tremendous breeding surge in the cockroach population.
It's a rough translation from the Moldavian.
"Vigo the Carpathian, born 1505, died 1610 --"
You were supposed to help me with this.
That's a thousand million electron volts.
I think we should see if we can find anything abnormal on the street.
I'd like to have a stool specimen
I think they're more interested in my epididymis.
Hello, Venkman.
Don't shoot!  You'll hit Ray!
Something good --
We need something that everyone can get behind, a symbol --
It won't work.  There's no way we could generate enough positive energy to crack that shell.
If you two are looking for a fight, you got one.  Who wants it first?  Come on, Ray.  Try me, sucker.
Nine feet -- ten --
Six feet -- seven -- eight --
No, not exactly a man of the people.  "Also known as Vigo the Cruel, Vigo the Torturer, Vigo the Despised, and Vigo the Unholy."
I'm Egon --
It may be ebbing and flowing from some tidal source.
His nickname is "The Hammer."
What's the reading?
The New York Pneumatic Railway.  It was an experimental subway system.  Fan-forced air-trains, built around 1870.
Why don't we try the Giga-meter?
Good idea.
This one's interesting.  Berlin, 1939, a flower cart took off by itself and rolled approximately half a kilometer over level ground.  Three hundred eyewitnesses.
Who was that?
Late Renaissance, I think.  Caravaggio or Brunelleschi.
And it's all flowing toward the museum.
No, the slime is rising.
There's definitely something going on in that studio.  The PKE levels were max-plus and the Giga-meter was showing all red.
We've found it at every event site we've been to lately.
