Sorry!
I think we hit the honeypot, boys.  There's something brewing under the street.
Is this the spot?
No problem.  Always glad to help -- and hug.
Do it!  Just do it!
Something that appeals to the best in each and every one of us --
I can't believe things have gotten so bad in this city that there's no way back. Sure, it's crowded, it's dirty, it's noisy. And there are too many people who'd just as soon step on your face as look at you.  But there've got to be a few sparks of sweet humanity left in this burned-out burg.  We just have to mobilize it.
Butt out, you pencil-necked geek.  I've had it with you.
That's it.  It's on the bottom.
This guy was a bad monkey.  He dabbled in all the Black Arts, and listen to this prophecy.  Just before his head died, his last words were, "Death is but a door, time is but a window.  I'll be back."
And we're the ...
Hey, I didn't imagine it.  There must have been ten thousand gallons of it down there.
Seems like a pretty open-minded guy, huh?
This is about as deep as you can go under Manhattan without digging your own hole.
Nothing.  Not a trace.
You might want to check those Duke University mean averaging studies on controlled psychokinesis.
Some crank.  Looking for goat hooves.  Come up with anything?
What's your story, Pete?
My great-grandparents were Swiss.  I still have the pictures they took of the statue from the boat when they arrived.
Yeah, and a lot easier to get to than that island.
Vigi, Vigi, Vigi -- you have been a bad little monkey.
My Fault!
I don't think they make Nikes in her size.
I'll keep to the middle of the channel. We're okay to 59th Street, then we'll go ashore and take First Avenue to 79th.
I hope we have enough stuff to do the job.
Forget it.  The Vienna Boys Choir couldn't get through this stuff.
It looks like a giant Jello mold.
It's all over the city, Pete -- well, under it actually.
You should've been there, Venkman. Absolutely incredible!
Okay, but you're missing all the fun.
We're going down into the sewer system to see if we can trace the source of the psycho-reactive slime flow.  We thought you might want to come along.
What happened?
I'll get one more reading.
Nothing.  Just some mood-slime residue in and around the bathtub.  But we did turn up some interesting stuff on this Vigo character you mentioned.  I found the name Vigo the Carpathian in Leon Zundinger's Magicians, Martyrs and Madmen.  Listen to this:
Well, we sing to it, we talk to it, we say supportive, nurturing things --
We're running tests to see if we can get an equally strong positive reaction.
Like a goat on garbage.
This is an incredible breakthrough, Venkman. A psychoreactive substance!  Whatever this is, it clearly responds to human emotional states.
No, I'm just restoring it to its normal state.
Oh good, you're here.  Spengler and I have something really amazing to show you.
If he wasn't dead he'd be an Olympic prospect.
I guess so, Pete, because that's not all. Tell them what else we've got, Egon.
Careful, Winston.  He's a mean one.  And to celebrate our grand reopening, we're giving you twice the value with our special half-price 'Welcome Back' service plan.
I'm Ray --
Okay, let's heat 'em up!
Hey, hey, hey, stresshound!  Are you nuts? If anybody found out about this we'd be in serious trouble.  The judge couldn't have been clearer - no ghostbusting.
Egon and I have been working on a gauge to measure psychomagnetheric energy in GEVs - giga electron volts.
It's an interesting one, Pete.  If anything was going on it's totally subdued now.
Dana!  Dana Barrett!
Aaah!  Nobody!  I can't tell you!
Who?  Just -- someone we know.
Oh, just checking something for an old friend.
Uh, I can't.  I'm kind of working on something.
I knew that voice sounded familiar.  What's up?  How's it going?
Oh, hiya, Pete.
Groovy.  I've never felt better in my life.
She's moving!
Don't you see?  It's the slime.  That stuff is like pure, concentrated evil.
Oh yeah?  Anytime, anytime.  Just go ahead and try it.
Look, Zeddemore, it wasn't my fault you were too stupid to drop that line.
Yeah, I guess so.  It was the strangest thing.  I knew what I was doing but I couldn't stop.  This really terrible feeling came over me and -- I don't know -- I just felt like driving into that tree and ending it all.  Whew!  Sorry, boys.
Well don't think!
Are you telling me how to drive?
No, I'm fine.  I just got light-headed for a second there.  Let's go.
What?  Yeah.
Huh?  What?
Now if you don't want to be the --  -- fifth person ever to die in meta-shock from a planar rift, I suggest you get down behind that desk and don't move until we give you the signal "Stabilize -- All Clear."
And he didn't die of old age either.  He was poisoned, stabbed, shot, hung, stretched, disemboweled, drawn and quartered.
It likes all the sappy stuff: 'Cumbaya,' 'Everything is Beautiful,' 'It's a Small World' -- but it loves Jackie Wilson.
Yeah, but what a ride.  You can't make a hamburger without chopping up a cow.
Ungrateful little Yuppie larvae.  After all we did for this city.
Come on, Winston.  We can't quit now.  The holidays are coming up.  It's our best season.
Then let's do it.
Ready?
