So what?  It's a free country.  Thanks, Lib.
Same difference.
Finally came to your senses, huh?
Don't worry.  Janine has a very special way with children.
Let me jingle you right now.
Thank you.  If I had that kind of support on a daily basis, I could definitely shape up by the turn of the century.
I'm not even good for me.
All right, you want to be real?  So tell me why did you dump me?
Does that start exactly at midnight tomorrow, or could you hold off for a few days maybe?
So -- are you making any New Year's resolutions?
I have a hamper?  Next time ask me first, okay.  I have more than two grades of laundry.  There're lots of subtle levels between clean and dirty.
Did you happen to see some shirts on the floor in here?
Janine Melnitz, are you kidding?  Do I have a vase?  I brought some of your clothes.  Wear something intriguing.  I brought along some interesting possibilities.
It's Janine Melnitz, from my staff.  She's one of my most valuable employees.
Now you get dressed and we go out.  I got a babysitter and everything.  Trust me, you need it.
Are you all squeaky clean now?
I'll put him down for you.  You are way too short!  And your belly-button sticks out!  You're nothing but a burden to your poor mother!
Or we could do that.
For me it's best if I sleep on my side and you spoon up right behind me with your arms around me.  If we go the other way I'm afraid your hair will be getting in my face all night.
Be careful on that sofa -- it's a butt-biter. But the bed's good and I just changed the sheets so if you get tired, feel free.  In fact, I think you should definitely plan on spending the night here.
Bathroom's right here -- let me just tidy up a few things.
Sounds like another slime job ... No, they're all right.  They're here now ... Right ... Let me know.
We'll take care of that.  Ray, Pete.  Listen, get over to Dana's right away ... Her bathtub pulled a fast one -- tried to eat the kid.
This is Joe Namath's old number, you know. You could get a lot of chicks with this. Just don't pee in it.
I'll get Ray and Egon to check out the bathtub.  You better stay here.
Who could blame him?  Were you wearing this nightgown?
You know, if anyone else told me that, I'd have serious doubts.  But coming from you, I can't honestly say I'm surprised.
No, I just got in -- a couple hours ago. Come on in.  Are we having a pajama party?
I'd like to stay, but I really don't have time to hang around here.  I'll call you.  Later, Johnny!
I may be wrong, but I think you've got a little crush on this guy.
Yeah, it's not the kind of thing you'd want to hang in the rec room.  You know what it needs?  A fluffy little white kitten in the corner.
As a matter of fact, I stopped by to tell you that I haven't forgotten your problem and that we're still on the case.
You're really good, you know.
So this is what you do, huh?
Thanks.
I'm El Gato.  I always land on my feet.
Don't worry about me.  I'm like a cat.
You are personally responsible.  If I can get conjugal rights, will you visit me at Sing Sing?
Okay, let's take a look.
Brings back a lot of sweet memories, doesn't it?  There's our old cash machine.  And the dry cleaners we used to go to.  And the old video store.  We really had some good times, didn't we?
I'll supervise.
Unusual?  I don't know.  I haven't had a lot of experience with babies.
Oscar!  You poor kid!
There's no doubt about it.  He's got his father's looks.  The kid is ugly -- extremely ugly.  And smelly.  You stink!  It's just horrible.  You are the stinkiest baby I ever smelled.  What's his name?
I may have a few personal problems but one thing I am is a total professional.
Men are very sensitive, you know.  We need to feel loved and desired, too.
He ditched you.  You should've married me, you know.
So what happened to Mr. Right?  I hear he ditched you and the kid and moved to Europe.
I can see that you're still very bitter about us, but in the interest of science, I'm going to give it my best shot.  Let's go to work, boys.
You know, Dana, I'm very very hurt that you didn't call me first.  I'm still into all this stuff, you know.  Haven't you ever seen my show?
No, you can't, and I think that's the whole problem with aliens; you just can't trust them. You may get some nice ones occasionally like Starman or E.T., but most of them turn out to be some kind of lizard.  Anyway, we're just about out of time.  Next week on 'World of the Psychic,' hairless pets.  Until then, this is Peter Venkman saying ...  ... Good night.
Your alien had a room in the Holiday Inn?
Valentine's Day.  That's got to be a bummer. Where did you get that date, Elaine?
Oh, you think so?  Well, I've got news for you.  You've got Dracula's brother-in-law in there and he's got my girlfriend and her kid.  Around about midnight tonight, when you're partying uptown, this guy's going to come to life and start doing amateur head transplants.  And that's just round one.
Now you're talking.
Yeah, I think the Times might be interested, don't you?  The Post might have a lot of fun with it, too.
No, that's what I want to talk to the mayor about.  We did a little job for the city a while back and we ended up getting sued, screwed and tattooed by deskworms like you.
I'm an old friend of the mayor's.  I just want to say hello to him.
Yeah, you can get your hand off my chest.
Oh, Johnny.  Did you back the wrong horse.
Not.  Don't leave town and report any change in your address to the proper authorities. We'll be back.
I'm going to rule out the glue-sniffing theory.  If she says it looked at her, it looked at her.  Hey, you!  Vigie!  Look at me.  I'm talking to you.  Hey!  Look at me when I'm talking to you.
This is the one that looked at Dana.
You know, I never got to ask you.  Where you from, Johnny?
We got a major creep alert and we're just going down the list.  Your name was first.
I know.
I'll let you get back to it.  Nice meeting you.
Well, I'd make an exception in this case if I were you.
Too bad for the Moldavians.
How are you?  What's that you're working on, Johnny?
These boys aren't playing around.
Maybe they just want to appeal.
Who are they?
Sorry, your Honor, but when somebody sets me up like that I can't resist.
Well, for your sake, I hope you're right.  But I think my other guest may disagree with you. Elaine, you had another date in mind?
This year?  That's cutting it a little close, isn't it?  I mean, just from a sales point of view, the book just came out, right?  So you're not even looking at the paperback release for maybe a year.  And it's going to be at least another year after that if the thing has movie-of-the-week or mini-series potential. You would have been better off predicting 1992 or even '94 just to be safe.
Okay, so can you tell us when it's going to happen or do we have to buy the book?
Hi, welcome back to the 'World of the Psychic,' I'm Peter Venkman and I'm chatting with my guest, author, lecturer and of course, psychic, Milton Anglund.  Milt, your new book is called The End of the World.  Isn't that kind of like writing about gum disease.  Yes, it could happen, but do you think anybody wants to read a book about it?
No, I guess I'm just saying that shit happens and somebody has to deal with it.
I had my fingers crossed when they swore me in, but I'm going to tell you the truth. There are things in this world that go way beyond human understanding, things that can't be explained and that most people don't want to know about anyway.  That's where we come in.
Seventy-seventh and First Avenue has so many holes already we didn't think anyone would notice.
Yes, I did.  We were city champs.
Ostrov?  I've been there.  Good party town.
From where -- Neptune?
Pretty impressive, huh?
So far so good.
They love you, Lib.  Keep it up.
Boys, listen.  You're scaring the straights. Let's save this until tomorrow, okay?
Roach breeding?  Sounds better and better.  Dana?  The boys are going down under the sewers tonight to look for slime.  Egon thinks there might even be some kind of big roach-breeding surge.  Should we forget about dinner and go with them instead?
That's it?  "I'll be back?"
A hundred and five years?  He really hung on, didn't he.
You need the exercise.
I knew that.
Finding something abnormal on the street shouldn't be too hard.
What now, Brainiac?
Yeah, you would.  Is that for personal or professional reasons?
I don't even want to know where that is.
How've you been?  How's teaching?  I bet those science chicks really dig that big cranium of yours, huh?
Egon!
Me?  I'm a little of everything.  Some Irish, some German, some French, Dutch -- the women in my family slept around.  And that's what made this country great.
Oh, right, you told me that.  They came to America seeking other kinds of cheese, as I recall.  How about you, Winston?
I think she looks pretty good here, don't you?
The whole city's together on this one.  We took a vote.  Everybody's down on you, you know.
She's new in town.
We're almost there, Lib.  Step on it.
Are you kidding?  We'll hit all that bridge traffic at 59th.  I'm going to take 72nd straight up to Fifth.  Trust me, I used to drive a cab.
Only one way to find out.  Ready, Teddy?
Good effort.  Now what?  Should we say supportive, nurturing things to it, Ray?
I hate Jello.
Yeah, sorry I missed it.  I guess you guys didn't know about the dress code here.  It's really kind of a coat and tie place.
I think we're going to have to pass on the sewer trip, boys.  Let me know what you find out.
Darn it!  I wish I'd known you were going. I'm stuck with these damn dinner reservations.
Don't tell me, let me guess.  All-you-can-eat barbecue rib night at the Sizzler?
You just picked up three penalty points on your driver's license.
Beautiful, beautiful.  Work with me, baby. Just have fun with it.  Okay, he's playing it cool.  Let's finish up and get out of here.
Did you find anything at Dana's?
You're not sleeping with this stuff, are you?
What kind of tests?
'Mood slime.'  We ought to bottle this stuff and sell it.
This is what you do with your spare time?
And now you're going to eat it?
It's not that thing you do with your nostrils, is it?
You know he ran that last lap in under six minutes?
Hold on, Ray!  Half-price!  Have you gone crazy?
I'm Peter --
Geez, I forgot how heavy these things are.
Relax.  We're going to keep this whole thing nice and quiet, low key, no profile.
I love this.  We're onto something really big.  I can smell it, Ray.  We're going to make some headlines with this one.
What's that?
Well, Holmes, what do you think?
Who, Ray?
Who?  Who?  Who?
Oh, Ray --
Who?
Great.  So what are you guys working on?
Nowhere -- fast.  Why don't you lock up and buy me a sub?
So, no goat hooves, huh?
Oh, hello, perhaps you could help me.  I'm looking for an aerosol love potion I could spray on a certain Penthouse Pet that would make her unconditionally submit to an unusual personal request.
Miss Blue Blood?  Her family's been here since the year 12.
It's okay.  I have my Senior Lifesaving card.
If she's naked under that toga.  She's French, you know.
Kind of makes you wonder, doesn't it?
And pure --
It better not start yet.  I'm trying to finish my potholder before lunch.
I don't think he's ready for the toaster.
So we'll put a warning on the label.
I don't care what you say.  This could be a major Christmas gift item.
