The world is full of guys.  Be a man.  Don't be a guy.
No, you're not a guy.
Lloyd, you have to understand her family is being ripped apart. Like you and she were ripped apart.  Like Joe and I were ripped apart.
What does it say?
Lloyd, send her flowers, write her a letter.  Something.
You've got to do something special.  You've got to make a statement.
Lloyd, listen to me.  EVERYTHING has changed.  You've had sex. No matter what you might think, nothing will ever be the same between you two.  You might be sixty.  You might be walking down the street, and you'll talk to her about something, whatever. But what you'll really be thinking is 'We had sex'.
Did you sleep with her?
See you.  Bye.  Bye Diane.
Yes.
You are such a great person Lloyd.  I'm a good person, but you are a great person.
Okay, I got it.
That's just so embarrassing.
C'mon Lloyd.
Lloyd.
Lloyd, give it up.
Brains stay with brains.  The bomb could go off and their mutant genes would form the same cliques.
Diane Court doesn't go out with guys like you.  She's a brain.
Then what's love?
Going out as friends.
That's not even a scam.
But you never had a first date.
That's unlikely.
"Dear Diane, I'll always be there for you, all the love in my heart, Lloyd."  I've never gotten a letter like this, have you?
What?  I'm sorry, talk.
And above all, just because this happened gives you no right whatsoever...
You've got to show her respect, you've got to show her that you're not like Joe...
Look at his face, he did the deed.
He's got that nervous talking thing.  I told him not to speak.
Meaning that she made the second date a family audition, which is the kiss of death for Lloyd.
Lloyd is doomed.
I'm sorry.  It's just you're a really nice guy, and we don't want to see you get hurt.
Diane Court does not realise how good-looking she is.
Well, where Mr Carroll uses the word 'love', I look for a new word.
Did you see what Mr Carroll wrote in my yearbook?  Well, he ridiculed me all year long, and then he writes, "You're a real live-wire, Love Mr Carroll."  Y'know, it's all so phoney.
I don't feel anything.
If you were Diane Court, would you honestly fall for Lloyd?
It's too much pressure, it's not his crowd.
Well, you don't have to be so dramatic about it.
I wrote sixty-three songs this year.  They're all about Joe, and I'm going to play every single one of them tonight.
