Taking care of people isn't a growth enterprise, Mr Sims.  I hope you write that down in your report, I'd like your bosses to read it.
That's right.
What family?  We never heard from them.  I sold her house for them, made them money.
This evening is over.
Just come down to my place of business, for god's sake.  I have people here.
Speak with my lawyer.
Jesus.  What, I live in a palace, right?  I have guests here.
Yeah, I don't want it.  Um, thank you very much.  You're very kind.
Keep it.
Oh yeah, let me give you another card.
Listen, I don't know your name, but what are you doing for lunch?
I'll take the whole set.
Yeah, she won a fellowship.
No, I'm not married.  It's for my daughter.
Hi.
Hi.
Don't say that, it's not good for you.  You're...
Take it easy how mad you make me, I'm the only dad you've got.
That's right, work it out.
Why are you being so hateful to me?  Is this because of Lloyd?
Alright, alright.  Go ahead.  When I'm old, give me someone like me, but go ahead.
I made their lives better.
No, you don't know what it is.  It's not for me.  This money's for you, for when you come back from England with honors to set you up, so you don't have to depend on anybody again.  Diane, I take better care of these people than their families do.  I care for them, I give them flowers, I feed them, I wipe their mouths...
You think you know what this money is?
Honey, about what?
Honey, it's not what you think.
I swear to god.
Honey!
Sweetheart, no.  Don't be ridiculous.
What happened to you?
Just finishing up in here.
Well then don't pick it up. You know what's best.
'I like him'?  Diane, I'm talking about being honest with people, being decent...
Diane, I'm not asking you to sever all relations with the boy. Give him a present, here, let him know you still care.  Give him this pen.
Diane, you owe it to yourself to get on that plane with no attachments, no strings, because after you get over there, things are going to change.  People change.
Well listen to me.  Now, I know you like him, I know he's nothing like those frat kids you can't stand, but honey, after the excitement wears off, then what, huh?  What are you going to talk about?  What do you have in common?  You're going to be part of an international think-tank, and he's going to be kicking punching bags.
Do you love him?
Diane!  Alright, let's stop this right now.  Let's not put our energy into something ridiculous.  This isn't even smart thinking.
Bon voyage.
You're going.
You're going.
Did he ever get rough with you?
Sit down.
Lloyd?
Do you wanna make things easier on me?  Now tell me where you were because this is, this is bullshit.  You can say anything to me, I hope you still know that.
You've always called before, always.  Now I'm not asking what you did, I just want to know that you're alright.
You bet you should have called.  You still live at home.  Don't make me call the police at three-thirty in the morning, don't make me call hospitals.
You should be.
Morning.
Oh yeah.  There was, uh, somebody on the plane worked in a recording studio, and, uh, we got this telephone call, this guy is making a sound effects record, and he'd gotten our address and he wanted to know if he could come over and record her scream.
So anyway, these two federal marshals meet the plane, and they take our address, and they ask us never to fly with 'Friendly Skies' again.
Which they did.  Let me finish.
So anyway, they closed the doors, and she starts to scream.  I've never in my life heard anyone scream quite like that.
Crash paranoia.
Well, let me start it.  I'm flying down to Los Angeles on business, and I decide to take her on her first aeroplane.
Now why can't I tell the story?
She's not the world's greatest flyer, let me tell you.  When she was eight years old, she...
Goodnight.
Well, I don't think he's really been embarrassed by it.
Wait a minute.  How was Lloyd?
Morning honey.
No, listen to me.  You're the best in the country, don't you understand?  It's like a pyramid.  It starts out with everybody, and it narrows through your life and through everything, and all the hoopla and the competition narrows it down to one brilliant person who is so special that they celebrate you on two continents.  And it's you.  So tell me something, where's the flaw in that?  There is no flaw.
We'll worry about that later.  Now come on, tell me that you're special.
You're going to take a big step, a big leap, and before you do, I just want one thing from you, miss.  You stand up straight and admit you're special.
You won it.  You're going to study at the finest institute at England, the toughest fellowship in the country, and you won.
No, no, just listen.  You won the Wreath  fellowship.
I just had a phone call.
I love you too honey.
I'm sorry.
Diane, in a million years, you could never be a... priss.  It's all working out for you honey, don't you see?  It's all working out, just like we planned.  All the years of summer school, all the vacations you gave up, it's all working out just the way we planned...
No, wait a minute.  Everybody thinks you're what?
They really applauded you today honey.
Now this is the only thing your mother ever gave me that I kept. Now it's yours.  Go ahead, open it.
Well, since I'm not only your father, I'm also your friend; I had to get you two presents.
Okay, I promise I will.  Just come here a minute, I want to show you something.
Ha!
Okay.
Oh no, no, it's... it's wonderful.   It's... no, don't worry about it.  You're very funny.  Go back, that's great!
Oh yeah!
Ha!  Go back!  What a great line!
Why?  It's fine.  It's nice.
Just her name.
She can't still be angry at this, it's gotta get better.
"You can't know the horrible disappointment I feel..."
I'm incarcerated, Lloyd!  I don't deserve to lose my daughter over this.  I don't deserve to have you as my go-between.  And I can't for the life of me figure out how she could choose to champion in mediocrity the way she flirts around you.
You're not a permanent part of her life.  You're a distraction.
Very talented.
She's very successful.
Well Lloyd, I admire you for not hitching a ride.  You know, my daughter's a lot different to you.
Are you?
Are you going to England with her Lloyd?
Go ahead, pick it up if you want.
No, really.
Seriously, Lloyd.
Yeah Lloyd.  What are your plans for the future?
Well, we pay for the [?].  That guy didn't want to part with it, a little matter of nine thousand dollars.
Thanks Lloyd.
Yeah.  Honey?
Fine Lloyd.
Hello Lloyd.
Jim Court... no, this is her father.  I'll take...
Yeah, she is.  Good luck.
What?
Okay, I'll give here the message.
Why don't I just get your phone number, that's usually how it works.
The truck?
The guy with the Datsun?
Is this the guy with the Mustang?
Sorry, Diane isn't here at the moment.
Jim Court?
