Like you?
I don't know, maybe I'll enrol for postgrad' studies next Autumn.
Well, he sure seems fired up all of a sudden.
Sounds cool.....Do you think he's serious about squatting a place?
So how's your work?
No, you guys are great together. He'll come through, I'm sure.
I don't know. It's kind of underground. Doug's right, there's too much crap in this town.
Cheers Katka!
Hey Doug, you want a beer?
What are you having?
And pay for their drinks occasionally.
What about me?
Some deal you did there!
Sure....Anything else I can do for you?
Doug, I can't just leave you!
It's...42 56 76 .
Yeah, Dave Walters.
What do you want me to do?
And if you're wrong.
Do you want me to see what's on them?
Yeah, somewhere?
Did you see anything in the files?
Lucky break!
So?
I could try and get a Western lawyer.
WE gotta think of something.
You're kidding.
What happened?
Did you see a lawyer and go before a judge?
No, but I ran into Jahn, seems him and his friends are in big trouble with the University, they might even be expelled.
Honza says they'll print an open letter to President Havel in next weeks edition even if they have to threaten a walk-out.
I stopped by your office. Henry was steaming, he says he's going to throw you out of the window and that you never worked at the Bugler.
They ain't the only ones.
Huh?
Your too good for this town, Buddy.
I don't want to ruin your day.
He's lying! I am.
Does Jahn's thing have a name?
You capitalist pig!
You might make Henry happy......Sure, I'll do it.
What?
Nothing, it's just that's when things usually start to go wrong.
Don't tell me you really are in love?
Well, I take it you're going to drag her down to your minimal existence and adjust her mindset.
A fine specimen for conversion.
She's as American as apple pie too. Have you figured out exactly what it is you despise about them?
Couldn't keep your hands off the hired help, huh?
You Romeo's sure pay a high price sometimes - anyone I know?
What happened to Katka?
And a tram hit you?
My God! What happened?
I can't, I've got to split. I have to take a class at two o'clock.
What?
We could make a start on the floor afterwards.
No, not yet.
Forget it Doug, it's no good.
Red or white?
Why don't we go together?
No beer?
You should have said it was Bring-A-Bottle.
Fancy some lunch after we_re through with this Meccano shit?
Do you think anyone will really come here?
Like a hand?
Who put a bee up your butt?
Am I late?
So why didn't we?
Why don't we just take the whole damn building, brick by brick Doug.
Let's split.
Jesus Doug, they'll execute us!
It looks new, they might miss one or two.
What's that, five instead of ten years jail.
Close!
Like helping a sick kid?
Nope.
Destroy the evidence huh.
I thought you were gonna throw these?
Moved on to plumbing huh?
You'd be better off with tables and chairs.
Yeah, her name's Kavlova, why?
Yeah, I'll take some.
Look I gotta get going, shouldn't you have met Katka?
I don't know Doug, we haven't even got the place together and already you want to extend it.
Why, how in the hell are we going to set up a cafe?
Sounds like a good reason to leave it alone.
And suppose a little old lady lives there?
Don't we have enough already?
But how did the wall get here?
Can you do the lock on it?
Yeah, I'm beginning to see that.
I've been saying that since we met.
Oh yeah, what's my connection to that?
Really, "The Freeman Centre"?
I'm an idiot?
Tough break.
'cause you stink of booze.
I'll try not to, I'll leave that to you. Anyway, there's still plenty more of it.
No, just making my contribution to cultural enlightenment, that's all.
You're nuts man, Katka's right!
Thought of everything haven't you.
And if the police stop by - what do I tell them?
I'll settle for a pardon. You gotta drill?
A locksmith too? Why d'you ever bother with writing?
I thought that was part of the charm!
Yeah, you're in luck there's two of them, the other's in there.
You sure got a handle on that word "we".
So?
And put it on expenses?
Just two things. What do I use to shift the stuff and where in hell am I gonna put it all?
I feel like a mole in this joint, so I guess I might as well come out lookin' like one!
That makes you an expert I guess.
He was an electrician?
That stinks!
No, I got nothing till Tuesday.
Alright I give in. But let's not end up in jail. Okay?
I don't know man, I'll drink beer and shoot crap with you anytime, but this is different.
No thanks, I think we ought to get going though.
We could make a run for it?
Puppet theatre, don't you need something a little bigger?
Okay, we're listening. But I'm with Katka on this one.
Amazing, he didn't even say "if".
Care to elaborate?
Like Custer huh?
He's not drunk, he's crazy.
You've got to stop using that word "we" it's getting kind of scary. Right Katka?
So? DOUG Well, there's tons of empty buildings - why don't we get one?
Squatted it.
I ain't sure poetry will go down too well here.
Oh yeah, what's that?
Still, fifty cents ain't bad.
Fifteen crowns.
Who's your friend?
Give'em a break Doug, all it takes is a little work.
What's that? Free!
Yeah and they manage to go to bourgeois joints!
Never heard of K-MART?
Anything in it?
What about that squat bar you showed me, is that open on a Sunday?
Sorry Katka, but I'm with Doug on this.
We're only joking.....It is your round though!
And not even then sometimes.
But we are underground?
Because it's in English?
How to make a buck!
Son of the American ambassador and a banker - good enough?
Fresh from the shrink I'd say!
He_s the closest we've got to an intellectual.
Turn around quick!
There shooting at something.
Yeah....Shit, those guys have guns.
Follow that Budjovice sign.
Jesus Holly, we got enough time.
Yeah!
Take this exit.
Yeah, pretty well.
Sure, it's on the red metro line you....
Well, he should be on his way back to his apartment by now.
Sure I'm sure!
No!
Josh didn't get Doug out of jail, he did a deal in return for some computer disks we'd held onto.
What are you talking about?
What?
Listen, Doug took the rap for us all so grab your coat 'cause you're going.
Look, I don't care whether you go with Doug or not, but you_ve got to see him before he leaves.
We ain't going to give it away this time, are we?
Time for lunch I think. I'll get the sandwiches. What would you like Holly?
