No, better than me. You know, I have many friends, you should meet more of them.
Your a good guy Chris you deserve a nice girl.
It won't last, believe me. And you, when will you go back to the States?
I don't know, I don't care. I see too much of him and he's changed. He used to be busy at the magazine. But now he's been doing nothing for months, like he doesn't care about anything, including me.
It's okay, they're training me on the cash register and after I hope to work on one of the jewellery counters.
I used to think he was right about a lot of things but now I don't know. I thought he was going somewhere but now I think I am wasting my time.
Naz dravi!.....What do you like about this place, these people, Chris?
A coke, if they have it?
That's true Doug, writers are supposed to write.
No, it's not true, you're lying.
But I love you!
I'm sorry about what I said, really I am. Just take me with you, I don't care where.
I don't understand, it's your home?
But we could go to London and live in England.
If you get out can we be together again.
Will it help to get you out?
I thought for sure they would catch me.
Then tell me, what will happen? Tell me!
That's it, I am just stupid teenager, yes?
I could have my choice of many boyfriends and go to movies and discos but I waste my time waiting for you and then going to stupid pubs.
Oh sure and you will want sex, always sex.
I thought you loved me Doug but all you want from me is sex.
I think I'm stupid.....All you do is use me and expect me to wait for you.
Fernet and tonic.
No way Doug, I can't.
She's tired.
Everybody is at home, it's no good.
So, we won't be going to London?
We should go to the Metro it's quicker.
It's not fair, you hardly talked to me tonight.
Doug you said you wouldn't be long. Come on, I've got to go. Now!
I'm not going in Doug. I'll wait for you here.
I don't want to get in trouble.
Doug I can't, I've got to be at work by eight. You promised to take me home.
What? You are crazy!
It's just talk, he's drunk.
What?
I'm not staying out late and I can't come back to your place.
I don't care. I'm not staying out late Doug.
But I don't want to go, I am enjoying it.
Well, get me and Chris a drink then.
You used to read.
Why don't you read something after the break? DOUG What here? Weren't you listening to what I just said?
So why don't you get up and speak something, then we will see who is crazy.
Shhhhh, I'm concentrating!
