Hugh, I'm impressed..
In the envelope in my pocket.  My right.. jacket..pocket..
Hugh, take care of the Nekhorvich memory card.
You're not scrutinizing any casual shrug for some hair-splitting nuance, are you?
One considers her timing, of course - getting nicked within a week of the plane going down.  Suggestive, even borderline suspicious, but hardly conclusive.
From her point of view or mine?
- right -  - don't go too far ahead of me now -
- pull the NO2 tank and dump it, it's potential evidence..
In just a few hours you can be assured of going down in history as the typhoid Mary of Oz.  G'day.
If it'll make you feel any better, you're going to take a lot of Aussies with you and make me a lot of money.
God damn it, Nyah!  Why did you do it?  Why did you save that bastard?
Feel like pleading for your life?
Ulrich will be about.  He'll look after you.
Yes.  We won't be able to have dinner tonight.  Something's come up.  I hope you don't mind.
And you're going to have time.  There's been a change of plans.
To do what?
Then don't say it.
You picked another winner!
What else?
See anything you like?
Say no more.  I'm off to grab a drink. Still favor Bellinis?
What made you pick <i>that</i> nag?  She'd never won a bloody thing.
You won.
Won't do, love.  It's not spring.  It's nearly autumn..You're in Oz.  everything's upside down and backwards here.
I said you're beautiful, Nyah.
Oh, I am.  Later..
Mmmm.
Magic...
How I usually find you, Nyah.
On what.
How grateful?
Not much luggage.
Sit down.  You'll be a billionaire.  Better than being broke.  I've got terrorists and other pharmaceutical companies standing in line.  Ball's in your court, Mr. McCloy.
In downtown Sydney for a start.
An outbreak of <i>Chimera.</i>
Good.  Biocyte stock is just a week or two away from going through the roof.
Oh, Hunt, please! One can't hold Nyah responsible for her actions..
She wouldn't  be here if it wasn't for you, Hunt.  from this moment you're responsible for what happens to her, and if you're looking out for her well-being, I suggest you advise her to pick up the gun and bring it to me.  Ball's in your court, Hunt.  What've you got to say? Nyah's waiting for your answer.
Somebody's been slipping you our mail. Come on out here, you bad girl.
Why, you going to make me a better offer?
Yep.  You've provided us with a golden opportunity to have both the bug and the bug killer.
I knew where it was.
You know, that was the hardest part of having to portray you.  Grinning like an idiot every fifteen minutes.
And you're happy about that?
If you look at Hunt's operational history, he invariably favors misdirection and deception. For a start he won't go into Biocyte from the ground where he has to risk confrontation with security.
Nyah!
Which means, Mr. McCloy, we have to get our hands on four hundred and eighty thousand options.  We'll borrow your thirty million to buy those options.  Your stock's never sold above thirty-one dollars a share.  We'll agree to buy at fifty.
-- now here's the way it's going to work..Wallis, the shares outstanding are..
In any case we don't want your cash.
Not exactly.  Wallis?
It's that time.  Go.
