In other words, you're calling her a flake.
She doesn't belong here, Sean.  Let her go.
Than thirty-seven million pounds?  Not really.
What was the top bid?
There it is, guys, the last of it.
Oh.  then you knew the only way could smuggle the live virus to the CDC scientists in Atlanta was by injecting himself and using his own bloodstream as a Petri dish, doing it inside of twenty hours so he could take the anti-virus and still have it be effective.  You knew that while you were knocking him off and destroying the very thing you came for.
I would've thought the hardest part was exercising restraint.  Curbing that pressing need of your to get your gun off.  You were in such a hurry to knock off that 747, you never figured out where the virus really was.
Beats fighting the flu, I'm here to tell you.
Fight a bit of a cold..
Not going in from the ground.  Show me the atrium.
Billy, make sure Nyah's not followed.
Unless we dose her with Bellerophon on the next ninety-seven minutes, Nyah will kill herself.  So, first things, first. Swanbeck said there's no cash movement from any monitored terrorist accounts.
Wrong.  All we've got to worry about is Ambrose.  Nyah will take care of Nyah.
I'll be damned.  It's McCloy, the Biocyte CEO.
Not at all.  But how about going into town and confirming your intuitions on site?
..or hard wired..
A myth..just a myth...shouldn't you be checking out their countersurveillance?
It's okay.  She scrambled the transmission.  Luther, continue feeding the GPS her position.
No...
No.  Should I?
No.
No.
- you who don't have a conscience.
What did you think you were doing!
No time to explain.  You've done well, and we're so close.  So close.  It's critical that you do whatever Ambrose asks.  Don't worry - it'll be over soon.. That's a promise.. Come on, now off you go!
Nyah, it's very important not do anything to alarm Ambrose..
It's going to be okay.
Are you okay?
Easy, easy, easy, shhh!
He's touched your heart.  You're overwhelmed.  You need to think it over. You'll meet him somewhere in a month.  If You're not out in 48 hours I'm coming in and getting you out.  Give me the ear piece.
I want you out of Australia!  ..I don't know how much more plainly I can put it.
Nyah, you've done more than enough.  Even the best of snake charmers get bit.
I want <i>you out of there.</i>
You noticed.  What're you going to do? Spank me?
Betting table twelve off the paddock. Nyah, are you up to this?
Affirmative.
Bids from possible Chimera buyers -- to prove that as of the date on the newspaper those bids are back up by earnest money --
I've no doubt.
Have you met them?
We know him.  He's over your left shoulder, looking right at you as you go on..
Just like old times?
How's it going?  Everything okay?
Well, forewarned is forearmed.  And while we're at it, be especially sensitive to any sudden change in Ambrose's plans, especially any involving you..
You'll be fine.  I'm going to lose you.
He's got you on Qantas flight 2735.  It's going to be delayed.
You don't trust me.
Before you are.
Well, I mean it's not a total loss.  It is keeping a very capable thief off the street..
Look, I can't run your arrest in CNN, but I guarantee he's monitoring every law enforcement agency in the world, for what they might be saying about him, if nothing else - he's got the ability and, we assume, the desire to get you out of there.
What wouldn't make him suspicious?
Then feel better!..
Look, would it make you feel better if I didn't want you to do this?
Can you think of a better one?
Generally, I don't favor coercing someone. Not when there's a chance my life could end up in their hands.
I don't.
You can be a thief and have a conscience.
Something like that.
So would I.  But it's not mine to give.
Go and insinuate yourself back into Sean's life.
This wasn't what I had in mind, Nyah.
Sean Ambrose, for one.
And six billion in the world.
Five, six-hundred thousand.
Damn, you're beautiful.
Of what?
So do I.  Sort of.
I don't know that they 'pinched' it. Don't even know that they're blokes.
So where did I got right?
Which is?
Not revealing information doesn't necessarily make someone a liar.
They've got a book for everything.
Oh.  Well..this isn't exactly by the book.
Care to wait a decent interval?
Ethan Hunt.
Scotland Yard, Interpol, every Dutch authority.  I can make them go away.
I need your help and I thin you can use mine.
Pull over and listen to me, will you? Just listen..
Hi.  Would you mind slowing down?
Not really.  I triggered the alarm..
You didn't do that badly.
Working under adverse conditions.  Highly adverse conditions.
Wanted to see how good you were. I'm hoping we might work together.
At least you walked.
Well, Senor de l'Arena, there's no reason to disrupt your party any longer.  we have some further concerns about the disposition of your security guards, which you'll receive in our written report by fax in the morning, hard copy to follow.  Shall we?
Under the circumstances I think we would recommend re-setting the senors to respond to a lighter load.  How do you feel about forty kilos, Miss Hall?
I wouldn't do that.
Hey, you put me here.  I just do what I'm told.
- torque wrench.
Far right.
Oh, either way works for me.
Think you're the only one who can pick a lock?
Uh-huh?
What if I pay the rent?
There's not enough time in the world for any of it to be bad.
Oh.  Well.  I think that can be arranged.
No.  You just looked as if you did.
Do you know me?
Not sure.  Some sort of vacation.  I'll let you know where I'm going.
I don't.  No exactly.
I do.
No, I don't.  But in this case -
By fire.  That's the best way, really.
Well, Bellerophon, it turns out, was only really effective against Chimera.
Yes.
Yes, I gathered as much.
I'd thank you -- but I'm not sure that was a compliment.
You'd like me to conduct my own debriefing.
Aren't you even curious?  About why she did it?
She sacrificed herself..
You mean that leaves Miss Hall.
Yes, I believe that's right.
We think we've got our finger on the buyer.
Not yet.  We did manage to pull any sensitive equipment and material out of our safehouse wreckage.
Very.
I don't think I can get her to do it.
She's got no training for this kind of thing.
You made it sound as if I was recruiting her for her skills as a thief.
And then what?
Excuse me?
If that's what you're thinking Ambrose would have set up a bidding situation with any number of buyers before he got on the plane.  Locating him in time to stop something like that -
'Terrorists?'
In order to do that, I've got to figure out how he plans to make money with it.
Right now only Ambrose knows that.
Sean feels he hasn't done the job unless he leaves a lot of hats on the ground.
Whatever Nekhorvich was carrying Sean wanted and he wanted to conceal the fact that he took it.
So there's one thing we know Ambrose doesn't.
You know we had reservations about each other.  Isn't it a little late in the day to be asking me that?
Twice.
If he didn't want to go anywhere without me, how did you get him on the flight?
Like it's a good idea to pick him up in a hurry.  And a bad idea to fly him on a commercial carrier.  So let's get on with it.  He's still in Sydney?
An idea, yeah.
You gotta be kidding.
Like what?
Well.  You're sorry and I'm sorry.
Sorry I didn't let you know where I was.
..I'm fine..and you?
You keep calling me Dmitri.  You really shouldn't.
..not in time to save him.
He was quite a man.  Did he know before the end you two had succeeded?
Sorry it couldn't be under happier circumstances.
They're ready and waiting.  You'll soon be with old friends.
You keep staring at that watch as if your life depended on it, Doctor..
Good job.  And thanks.
Copy.  She's only got twenty-eight minutes left.  Track ahead and pick her up.
Luther, say again.
Ninety-seven minutes, twenty-seven seconds.
Luther, I'm looking at security.
I'm not waiting 48 hours.  When we're done at Biocyte, if she's not out of Ambrose's, I'm going in and getting her out.
Now how to get in there.
Let's start from the inside out.
Nyah still on the property?
I kill Chimera at Biocyte and he's sitting on a cure without a disease.
Ambrose got Bellerophon from Nekhorvich on the plane, but he didn't get the Chimera virus.
I told her to get outta there.
I don't know, but Nekhorvich was not a manic.  Get me a twenty on Nyah.
Nyah, Ambrose is heading back.  There's an enveloped inside --
Confirm.  Left jacket pocket.
Left jacket pocket?
Yep.
Luther..get us everything you can on the outbreak of influenza on Bruny Island last month, including photos of the victims.
Why not?
Nekhorvich specialized in recombining DNA molecules.  In the myth, Bellerophon killed Chimera, a recombinant monster with the head of a lion and the tail of a serpent who plagued the ancient world.  I think Nekhorvich has created a monster virus in Chimera and apparently the means to kill it in Bellerophon.
Put in the coordinates and let's get a visual.  The visuals aren't coming up.
