What are you talking about?
If it'll make you feel any better I won't do it again.
Not as much as you feel like hearing it.
Lovely.
Oh, no, not at all.  Maybe just a bit.
A change of plans?
Sort it all out.
I don't know what to do about you, Sean. I'm more than a bit muddled.  I need time.
Sean, there's something I've been meaning to talk to you about... Isn't going to be easy for me to say.
Well, that's good, isn't?
To win?
Yeah.  Naturally vain -- but they're about to close the betting table and I haven't a sou..
'Thief in the Night?'
I suppose I did.
Maybe that's it, then.  Everything's upside down and backwards...
Only because..it's spring..chalk it up  - to spring fever.
You're not interested in seeing how it looks.
And my room?
Your room.
Ahh..
How do you that.
How hard you had to work to get me out of there..how in the world did you ever find me?
Well that depends.
I left in a bit of a hurry.  I'm terribly grateful, Sean.
No.  You just looked as if you did.
I'm infected with Chimera.  You know you don't have a choice.  Just do it now.
Then you'll have to kill me before it's too late.  Before I start killing people.
I guess I lied..You can't get both of us out of here, can you?
I wasn't thinking!  Just..trying to keep you from getting hurt, that's all.
What?  You told me to get out of here.  I thought you were here to collect me.  I was so relieved.
Ethan, you know what frightens me most when I'm with him?..the thought of never seeing you..how are we getting out of here?
I am now.  Get me out of here.  Just get me out of here.
Oh Ethan!..
How do you suggest I go about it?
Ethan, tell me -
Why?  What's happened. What did you see?
I managed.
I'll muddle through.
Where do I meet you?
-- his left jacket pocket.
Ambrose has photographs of newspapers with loads of money piled on them -- thirty- seven million on the London Times.  What's that about?
Annex is strictly off limits to me and they never come to the main house, Michael even takes their meals to them all but shoves them under the door.
- Michael, his driver's an Aussie, new to me.  Then there's the blokes in the annex at the back of the house.
Just about..
Just like old times.
Ethan, you take care of yourself, I'll take care of myself because if push comes to shove, I'm gonna bail - and without giving two week notice.
Yes?
Oh, I do.  But as we know I'm a very poor judge of character.
How can you possibly?  I've got to get right on the plane.  I'm leaving now.
Very funny..maybe he has heard and doesn't want to know.  Maybe he's lost interest.
This doesn't seem to be accomplishing much.
Probably that I needed him in some urgent way..destitute - in serious trouble..the kind I couldn't possible sort out myself..
Sean will never be anything but suspicious if he picks up some sort of 'yoo-hoo-I'm- not-nad' message.  Not after the way we broke up.
Much.
Not me.  I was just hoping you might..or that..somehow in the course of business this got personal as well as physical.
And that's the only reason?
Someone in possession of all the facts.  Are you telling me I have to do this?
No.  You can be a thief and have a conscience:  Not me.  Why did you have to tell me about this!  What do I have to do to get away from this guy?  When you're with him, he messes about with your head every waking moment..even now I'll be at some out-of- the-way-place, a tin of caviar and a bottle of Crystal shows up at the table, with two glass, God knows how he finds out at any given moment where I am in the world but he does.  And it looks like he's done it again.  You know his definition of a  true paranoid?
But I don't have a conscience.  I'm a bloody thief.
You've either got it or you don't.  Let your conscience be your guide?
I'd like a little more conviction..
But it is what you'd like me to do. so tell me to do it..
Not that it matter much but..I seem to recall you staying something like, 'I was hoping we could work together.'
That's lot of people out there..how many of them, I wonder, are capable of something like that?
There's nearly 2 million in London.
What's the population of Seville any idea?
That's because I'm on my back.
Ask a question, you get an answer!..
Spoken like a spook..you ever afraid?
Well, then, what I am I doing here?  I assume I'm meant to be some sort of thief-to catch-a-thief..
You're not a liar.  Or you're an awfully good one..  ..this thing these blokes pinched..
That they're lying.
That's not the point.  In the end what spies rely on is the one thing they think they know that you don't.
The only other spook I knew was a liar. Charming but absolutely incapable of telling the truth.  He'd lie about his favorite color.  But then I reckon it's an occupational hazard.  All spies really do is conceal the truth and tell lies.
They've got a book for this?
When they've got your recruiting technique?  Not a thing.
Who wants to be decent?..
Awfully short notice..
Well, Ethan Hunt, what is it you want to talk to me about?
What's you name?
Oh bloody hell.  You're a spy.
Your help?  What are you talking about?
Listen to what?
Where did you get this number?  I don't even have it!
Hola..
You're apologizing for me?  Quite the gentleman..
Sounds smashing.  I'm in.  Muchacho, mi carro, por favor!  Now be serious.  You couldn't possibly want me off tonight's performance..
May I say something, no offence?  You look like a gigolo, you sound like a thief, you act like a cop - what the bloody hell do you have in mind?
If you weren't going to let me get away with it, why did you let me go thru with it?
I'm missing something here, aside from a 500,000 pound necklace.  Even after I botched the job, I could've walked out of there with the bloody thing.
Indeed.
Do what?
- right..
- this is very disconerting..
Where's the bloody -
- right..where is it?
Would you mind if I'm on top?
I see.  You're not just another pretty face..
What are you doing here?
Uh-huh.
Look, it's either you or the rent and I don't mind telling you it's not an easy choice.
Not tonight.  Bad timing.  Sorry -
No.  Just as if I'd like to.
No.  Should I?
