Don't kill me --
You never do...The guy at the nightclub, the body in your room last night. Little notes that only mean something to you. How do we even know you're not the one behind this --
You've got all these theories but where is he? Where? Where's your fisherman killer?
I told you.
Who?
Fine. Show me the body.
That's right. It's how the species survives. You'll never convince me otherwise.  Wanna dance?
You're the most beautiful woman in the bar tonight, Jules.
I don't know, but I'm starving.
I'm not hiding up no tree.  I'm with her. Let's arm ourselves to the teeth and kick this psycho's butt.
I'll come with you.
Somebody...is a sick, fingerpainting psycho.
See any dead bodies out there? Any fresh kill? How 'bout Freddy, Jason?
Oh, look. Another day in paradise with Julie-your-tour-director...Miss Psychotic Episode.
I'd hate for you to have to blow...your whistle.
Baby, I finally got you alone in this Jacuzzi and I don't wanna be discussin' hair care.
Hello?
Why?
Pretty cool bar.
Guess the capital of Brazil --
Somebody's gone tropical on us, baby. Tropical!
We will, baby...All this means is we got the whole island to ourselves.
Something is gonna hit your butt if you don't quit complaining.
Is there a problem here?
Worse comes to worse, you can stand there and watch me.
I'll talk real slow.
Just for a minute, baby. I got something I wanna tell you.
You know what I want to do to you ...right now, don't you? There's gotta be somewhere we can be alone.
Must have missed the sign.
And so could you -- crazy fool.
The rest of us see bathrobes.
Julie thinks there's a dead guy in the closet.
He leave you?
What's the matter, boy trouble?
Tell me this ain't the bar scene.
What is up with that weirdo?
Yeah, wait right here, it's the safest place.
Estes! That's exactly who it is. That old guy knows something. We can sit here and wait for him to pick us off or we can go find him first.
They were cut loose.
Take this.
Hey -- shut up, okay?
They're around...They just don't care about us 'cause we're the contest winners.  Let's go find Stoner Boy...Make his lazy butt hook us up with fishing poles or Ping-Pong paddles or something.
Where is everybody?
I'm just saying what all of you are thinking. It's bad enough gettin' rained out without having to hold her hand the whole time.
Crowded.
There's ten people on this whole island and they're all gonna end up in this Jacuzzi with us.
The last day of the season. Yeah, we heard.
Planter's Punch, Singapore Sling, or how about a Mai-Tai?
Can't talk right now.
