You bet. We'll see you later.
I better get home. Lisa and I are having some friends over.
It was good working with you, Andrew. You're welcome.  Hey. Shouldn't you put that thing back on?
What?
Thank you.
Can you see the lesions on your chest in this mirror?
If it please the court, I'd like to ask Mr. Beckett to remove his shirt, so that the jury can have an <u>accurate</u> idea of what we're talking about.
Do you have any lesions on <u>any</u> part of your body, at this time, that resemble the lesions that were on your face at the time you were fired?
What do you love about it?
What makes you an excellent lawyer?
Are you a good lawyer?
Can you explain <u>why</u> you didn't?
In the years you worked at Wyant Wheeler, did you ever tell Charles Wheeler you were gay?
Except... you were gay?
A regular all-American guy?
You didn't look then, the way you look now?
Obviously, at this time, you weren't sick.
What kind of person is that?
What impressed you about him?
You're ready, don't worry.
Opera?
Opera?
I know a good probate lawyer.
We proceed, representing your estate.
I've considered that.
For a healthy baby. For Lisa to make it through the delivery. For the Phillies to get into the playoffs.
Then we establish how Wheeler's boys recruited you after law school...
What?
Beckett?
When you refer to Wheeler, call him Charles, to show how you'd been admitted to the inner circle, you were considered one of them.
Let's review these notes for your testimony. We have a big day on Monday.
Let me tell you something, okay? When you're brought up, like the rest of us, in a place like where I was brought up, there's not a whole lot of discussion about... homosexuals. As a kid, you're taught right away that queers are weird, queers are funny, they're a danger to kids, they're afraid to fight, and they all want to cop your joint. And that pretty much sums up the general thinking out there, if you want to know the truth.
You're right.
You think I'm uncomfortable...
Thank you.
Sure. It's fine.
Beer.  We need to go over your Q and A.
Get it?
I'm a law suit.
Beckett. You seem... better. Energized, more alive...
We're friends of Beckett's.
One more thing, Your Honor...
Arline?
There is no relevant precedent.
So Kenton connected the... lesion, <u>and</u> whatever suspicions he had about your personal life... to this woman, Maria... and blew the whistle on you. Suddenly you're losing files, and it's time to let you go. But, up to this point, you've been their Golden Boy, their rising star... Their behavior is... inconsistent.
They didn't fire her?
How did they find out?
Rayisha.
Huh? Oh. Great. She's great.
Find a lawyer?
Who'd you get?
Oh, Beckett. How's it goin'?
Beckett? I'm sorry about... what's happened to you. It's a fucking kick in the head.
Correct. I don't.
I knew you were going to say that. I don't buy it, and I don't see a case.
Okay... They want you out. It's against the law to fire you for having AIDS, so they make you look like a fuck up. Which leads us to the mysterious, lost file.
Okay, okay... They discover you have this horrible, disgusting, terminal illness, and they panic, for any number of perfectly valid reasons. They're frightened for themselves, their families... Maybe it's the homo angle. Maybe they don't want to rub elbows with someone who's just popped out of the closet with a terminal case of acne. And how do they explain your status to the client for Chrissake?
I buy that.
Big trouble.
Hell, they are staring. What's that shit on your face?
Continue.
Your... lover?
We?
Continue.
How many lawyers did you go to, before you called me?
Continue.
You want to sue Wyant Wheeler Hellerman Tetlow and Brown?
Thanks, Beckett. I'm real excited about it.  What can I do for you?
Little baby girl.
One week old.
Uh, yeah.
Whoa-oh!  Sorry, I...
Jesus Christ, what happened to you?
Funny.
I know what it means. Your Honor, imagine how the children in this neighborhood have been made to feel. The pounding of construction ringing in their ears as this skyscraper, a tribute to mankind's greed, grows daily, casting an ominous shadow over their lives, filling them with dread even as they are surrounded in a black, toxic fog, blocking out the sun while poisoning their lungs! And Counselor calls it harmless?!
Innocuous?
Your Honor, since Rockwell Corp. began construction, the surrounding residential neighborhood has been enshrouded in a cloud of foul-smelling, germ-carrying, pestilent dust. My client is being forced to breathe known carcinogens daily! Other residents are coming forth on a daily basis to add their voices of outrage!
Thank you. No more questions.
What did you say?
Your earrings?
In what way?
No. Have you ever felt discriminated against, at Wyant Wheeler?
Ms. Burton. You're black.
Your Honor, if Mr. Beckett was forced by his illness to use a wheelchair, would the defense ask him to park it outside? We're talking about AIDS, we're talking about lesions. Let's <u>see</u> what we're talking about.
Objection!
I'll withdraw.  You were aware, when you worked with Maria Torres, that she had AIDS, correct?
I'll rephrase.  Did you have anything to do with this file being... misplaced?
And, when lawyers break the law, when this society loses respect for the law, when that day comes, our cherished institutions will be burned to the ground, and our children and grandchildren will live like savages.
Uh.... No. Not really.
Get real.
Thanks, Doc, but I don't need an AIDS test. Are you crazy? But thanks for the information. Really.
It doesn't travel through the air, by breathing, or touching, right?
The guy sat in my office! You can't get AIDS that way, right?
You want to give me an AIDS <u>test</u>?!
Why are we going to do that?
Yeah, but Doc, isn't it true they keep finding out new things about this disease? So you tell me, today, there's no danger, and I go home, and I hold my baby, and six months from now I hear on the news: "whoops! We were wrong.' You <u>can</u> carry it on your clothes, your skin, and now I've got to worry about my kid. What are you doing?
Right.
I'm not worried. What are you doing?
Five months ago you characterized Andrew Beckett as caviar and now you're calling him a cheeseburger. Your standards have shifted a great deal, and I'd like to know why you've changed your mind.
It's a long way between being overwhelmed and being satisfied. A cheeseburger may be satisfying whereas caviar and champagne and roast duck and baked Alaska for dessert might be considered overwhelming. Do you agree?
Did that thrill, impress and overwhelm you?
Okay, Mr. Laird. Explain this to me like I'm a four year old: Did Andrew Beckett win your lawsuit for you or not?
According to the deposition, you said you were "thrilled, impressed, overwhelmed" by the quality of Andrew Beckett's work. Do you remember saying that?
Mr. Laird, when I approached you about being a witness at this trial, and you agreed, you gave sworn testimony in a deposition. Is that correct?
Were you pleased with his work?
But, Andrew Beckett was in charge of litigation for the suit.
Andrew Beckett represented your company in a lawsuit in 1990, is that correct?
What kind of people?
Explain to me, if you can, Mr. Wheeler, explain this to me like I'm a ten year-old. This trial is not about a disease, is that what you're saying? <u>Not</u> about your understandable, if unfounded, fear of catching AIDS through casual contact with someone who has it? You're saying, this trial is about Andrew Beckett's character. Am I getting this right?
But he's got lots of other people's lives to ruin...
In a word, yes.
You're in trouble.
You're the asshole, buddy.
Don't you know this is exactly the kind of bullshit that makes people hate you guys?
Relax? I ought to kick your faggoty little ass for you!
What's the matter with you? Do I look gay to you?
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa... do you think... ? You think <u>I'm</u>...  ... gay?
Great.
Good school. What year?
I'll see you in an hour, max.
Did I ever tell you, I hate costume parties?
Great, Lisa. Thank you.
Lisa, c'mon. One guy sticking his dick in another guy's mouth? It's disgusting.
Yeah... ?
Very funny. I had a box of Pampers under my arm for Chrissake!
Is there some kind of expression I've picked up from Beckett?! Some kind of fairy attitude I've unconsciously adopted?! Am I walking different?! Some kind of vocal thing?! Have I picked up some kind of homo <u>vibe</u>?!
Would you take a client if you were constantly thinking: "I hope this guy doesn't touch me. I don't even want him to <u>breathe</u> on me?"
And the way they work out, pumping up, so they can be macho and faggot at the same time... I can't <u>stand</u> that shit. Now I'm being totally honest with you.
I mean, two guys, doing the horizontal thing? I don't get it. Don't they get confused? "Is that mine? I thought it was yours." Hey, call me old fashioned, call me conservative... I think maybe you have to be a man to get just how nauseating the whole basic idea really is.
Allright. I admit it: I'm prejudiced. I don't want to work with a homosexual. You got me.
Since when?
Your Aunt Teresa is gay? That beautiful, sensuous woman is a... <u>lesbian</u>?
Who?
How many do you know?
Not especially.
You load the film... ? No, on this side... or this side? Don't move the baby!
Tell Iris all about it.  Take good care of Mrs. Finley, Iris.  Beckett, come in.
Of course you have a case! Now, I want you to go with my assistant, Iris, and fill out some forms. She'll tell you about our fee arrangement.  Mrs. Finley? Any back pain since the accident? Dizziness? Nightmares?
Why didn't you cross at the crosswalk?
But didn't you avoid contact with Ms. Torres, after you found out she had AIDS? She says you acted repulsed by her and you avoided her, is that correct?
So you are aware of the difference between a lesion and a bruise, is that correct?
Like firing Andrew Beckett taught <u>him</u> a lesson?
You taught him a lesson.
How did you do that?
Like... two sailors playing hide the salami.
So during those long voyages, months at a time, out to sea, no women in sight, a hundred, hardworking, robust, young men, in the prime of their life, at the peak of their natural appetites, desires, their god- given, hormonal <u>instincts</u>... Anything going on?
Any women on board?
Whoa, whoa...  What do you expect them to say, you're Alan Dershowitz?
Your Honor? May I have ten minutes in re-direct?
You had one guy "like that?"
With all due respect, Your Honor... We don't live in this courtroom, do we?
Based on what my client would have earned over the next three years, including benefits and projected raises, and the extraordinary cost of medical care for someone with Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome... We would settle today for the very fair amount of one million five hundred thousand dollars.
Reinstatement at full salary. Back pay covering the period of unemployment and...
If it please Your Honor, we <u>hope</u> to settle this matter.
I'll take that under consideration, Your Honor.
Joseph Miller, Your Honor. Macready and Shilts Legal Services.
