Longstreet's interested in the Harrisburg deal.
Don't do this, Andy.
I hoped the challenge would improve your performance. You could say it was a carrot.
Take it easy, Walter.
We've been talking it over, Andy. Your future that is... We feel that, because we respect you so much, we have to be honest with you.
More than your friend. Family.
Thanks for coming in.
No sweat, buddy.
Bearing in mind that Bill Wright, the chairman of MacroSystems, is a close, personal friend of mine... which side of this mess would <u>you</u> desire to be on, Andy? And don't allow my very tight, personal relationship with Bill to influence your answer in any way.
People who want to bend the rules...
Sometimes it seems like society is <u>run</u> by these kinds of people.
Yes, character. To the extent that it affects a person's ability to do a great job.
... we've got a committee meeting.
And I hate to rush you out of here, but...
We don't think it's fair to keep you here, where your future is limited. But we wish you luck, Andy, all the luck in the world.
Let's put it this way, Andy: your place in the future of this firm is no longer secure.
Andy. Before we begin, I'd just like to say: everyone in this room is your friend.
... to suit their personal desires, and the rest of us have to live with it.
Andy, you don't want this.
Wait a minute. The man was fired for incompetence, not because he has AIDS. You didn't know he was sick, did you, Bob?
Andrew brought AIDS into our offices, into our men's room. He brought AIDS to our annual goddamn family picnic.
Julius!
Andy. It seems that something has come over you, lately: A kind of... stupor, a fogginess, a lack of focus... Earth to Andy. Anybody home?
Kings are out of fashion. I'd rather be thought of as a benevolent tyrant.  It's an anti-trust action.
... It's time to get this society back on track!
... But now, we're standing up for ourselves...
If you feel differently, Bob, you should say so, when you're called to the stand. After all, this isn't a conspiracy.
Very interesting, Bob. Let's make a note of that. Andy didn't lose the complaint in his computer. He never put it in. He lied about that, too.
... keep them from that area, on grounds of relevancy.  What, Bob?
Bob. I must ask you to shut the fuck up. Did Andrew Beckett say "I might not be able to serve our clients to the <u>best of my ability</u>?" He said nothing. And now, Andrew Beckett proposes to haul me into a court of law, to sling accusations at me, in full view of the entire, Philadelphia, judicial establishment. My God.
Bob. You're trying my patience. Andrew Beckett is making his private life our business. We gave him Kronos. Did he say, "I'm sick. I might not be able to see this through?"
What deviant groups or organizations did he secretly belong to?  What is it, Bob?!
What about other homosexual facilities, whatever they are?
... interview every employee, support staff, associates, partners. Did <u>any</u> of them know Andy was sick? <u>How</u> did they know? Did he tell them? Did they notice something was wrong with his appearance? None of this information got to the managing partners. We know that. Make sure everyone else does too... And Beckett: I want to know everything about his personal life. Did he frequent those pathetic bars on Camac Street?
