The real question is, where are the plates?  If we can find the plates, we can stop the whole operation.
They use an optical transfer ink from India that burns red -- the real ink burns black.
In 1959, the United States was very friendly with the Shah of Iran.  We wanted his oil, so for the Shah's birthday, the government gave him a gift -- a U.S. Treasury Intaglio press.  The only one to ever leave the country. Five years ago Ricky Tan bought that press on the black market.
It's much more than a counterfeit.  14 out of 15 world banks can't tell the difference.  The paper is Crane linen blend -- and the bills are printed on U.S. Intaglio presses.
They think I'm a crooked customs agent.
Look, I've been working this case for months now...
We need to get out of sight.  Come down to my suite.
I'm an undercover agent for the United States Secret Service.
You see, no bomb.  Now stay away before I throw you both in jail for obstruction.
I'm sure, because this is my friend's yacht.  And it's his party.
The S.S. Minow Johnson.  Funny, the name on the back was "Red Dragon."
Well, I'm very tempted.  It's such a beautiful yacht.  What's it called?
El Capitan?
This is your ship?
I don't think so.
Isabella Molina, from San Juan.  That seat is taken.
Now you know.
I'm fine.
I'm asking for real now -- will you help the Secret Service?
Dip me!
The Secret Service almost busted Reign at his casino in Macao, but the place burned down before we could move in.
If I'm wrong then my cover is blown.
Behind me is the soft count room.  We're pretty sure the plates are back there.
Look over there.  That's the eye in the sky room.
You move well.
I'm undercover.  I had no choice.  You have to trust me.
I need your help.
Put your arms around me.
Yes.  They've printed and shipped one hundred million dollars, and there's only one way to spot a fake.
It wasn't hard to spot the fakes until this past year.  Then Tan got hold of one of a kind Swiss made hundred dollar plates -- and started making superbills.
No.  It's a sample.  You guys ever heard of the Superbill?
I know who you are, Inspector Lee.
