All right, be cool, everybody, nice and slow, no sudden moves.
It's not going to help us!
Why don't you want a message sent?
Who are you?
How do we get out of here?
You the Captain?
I don't know what these things are ...all I know is...
Us...I'm talking about us... We're the fish.
I once saw a guy put a fish in a bottle, then he corked it, sealing it tight, and threw it to a baby octopus. The little sucker felt its way around that bottle, and in less than two minutes, got that cork off, slid inside, and ate that fish.
Nobody's shooting nobody...come on, just let us through the hatch!
Boat or no boat...I'm going...
Who?
Or maybe we're exactly where they want us to be.
Just trying to get to my boat...
That's where my boat's moored.
Did you clear this?
I told you...
Hanover, listen...
Dead.
I assume somebody up there has made sure no distress signal can be sent.
Great woman your mother. Real foresight.
Then you better start swimming.
You're going to have to get a new one.
We can't...we got one engine dead, and the other limping badly.
Speedboat in the middle of the ocean...
I know it...but you want to get where you want to get, and back? I need a chief engineer, and unless you got a replacement, I'd highly recommend overlooking the indescretion.
Who asked any?
20 hours on the clock. Out and back. Double for overtime.
I don't mind him...but I do think it's time for him to get back down below with the rest of the playgroup.
The one you came up to ask...are we on schedule?
Right here...middle of nowhere...and the answer to your question is yes.
Right here...middle of nowhere...
You know what they say...the classics are eternal.
Fok Yu and Fok Yu Two...are we strolling down memory lane for any particular reason?
He's not coming...
This time, make an exception.
You don't take orders very well, do you?
Three minutes...I'm not back...no matter what...you go...
I don't mean to drop in unannounced ...you ready...
Not unless you can wire a missle or fix an engine.
Right...
Jet ski...there's one left up there.
There's not much horsepower left in the engines, but there's enough noise...once this baby's set...I'll rev it up...that slimy bastard will come for it like candy...
Yeah...
Not like him.
You know what kind of force it took to rip open the bow of this ship? A million little things like this...
It's not them...it's it...
Keep tasting...
You quit high school, lie about your age, join the navy, and next thing you know, four years are up and you need a way to make a living...
Looking good...
A meat locker.
The quiet...
I'm saying they're calling the shots...
Like cattle...
Takes one to know one.
The "come back" kind.
Boat or no boat... You woulda come back anyway. You're that kind of gal.
Yeah you did...
Got it?
On the side!!
With the emphasis on SELF, and in selfish, right?
Anti social?
Quite a few.
That's what I do.
Well, you sure do a good imitation.
You people...rich people...
Look lady, I know you people are used to getting your way...
Nothing...you want to come, come... you don't...
...there's got to be a way to access out back there...
I don't know...
Jesus Christ lady...
I was born in a City housing project in the Bronx OK? It's not in the cards that I die on a luxury cruise ship...now which way up?
He's with them.
Unless you collected on the insurance...
I'm their ride.
I'm not a thief.
What other bunch?
I saved your life is what I did!
It ain't any better out there!
...we gotta get outta here -- NOW.
Forget them...
So...If the hull's impregnable why are my feet wet?
The hulls of these things are supposed to be impregnable...
Let's just keep going.
Joey...
Joey...
You're beautiful what you're jealous, you know that, Joey?
Second whistle you make it to the deck and get ready to jump...
One whistle... Start the engine...
How does an island sound to you?
I have been.
Line it up now, nice and easy...
A little to the left...
And you got 10 minutes before this thing livens up a boring evening.
Seafood salad.  You ever operate a jet ski?
Squid...squid like...squid type... it's got tentacles, a feed sac... probably one central nervous processor somewhere...what the hell do I know is going on deep down in the ocean...there's all sorts of shit we've never seen...eighty foot clams...60 foot sharks...I'm just guessing...can you get me more juice out of Hercules...fast?
Joey, you want to get sucked out by a giant fucking mutated squid?
Just the man I wanted to see. On this puppy here, you remember if it's red to blue or blue to red...
Joey... Which way's aft?
I don't know...you got what we need?
It's okay...come on...
Joey...look at me...
Joey...it's okay...
Joey...
I think he knows that Joey.
Me??
Oh yeah...and that my stich job doesn't make you uglier than you already are...this won't hurt a bit...
Sure I do...I give a shit that at 0300 hour we reach our point of dentination. I give a shit that those mojos got to do what they got to do, and 45 minutes later we are turn around and gone. I give a shit that by the time the sun comes up we are all safely tucked in bed.
...Jagger was here...I was here...
I saw these guy perform...at Altmont ...you know that? They opened for the Stones...
If I told you once...I told you a thousand times...
I'm flying blind here God damn it!
