Or I could go for a swim...although, I gotta tell you...if I never get in the water again...
Because it's cool, you know, I can always take a walk or something down the beach...
Was it the water in my eyes or were you guys about to...
All you're gonna do is get yourself killed...and for what? Some chick?
She's gone...
Man, don't go up there...
And what have you come up with?
I'm telling you, man, we got to give the future some serious thought.
I think we gotta stop floating from one fucked up situation to the next...
You know what I think? I think our luck has just about run shit out...
I've never seen you so congenial with a mamber of the opposite sex... The two of you got a nice patter going...got a nice rapport...
Can somebody tell me what the object of the exercise is here?
For juice, I gotta rebuild. That's not fast.
Red cross over to blue double blue ...is that what it is? A squid?
Not even a Joey, I'm glad to see you? Joey, what happened to your leg?
Don't shoot!! Don't shoot!!
That way.
If I don't, I ain't going back to get it...you think we're safe?
Finnegan, what the hell was that?
I'm stuck...
What? You don't think I can have a normal life?
...Like a house in the suburbs... maybe a couple of kids...some sort of business...be in the bowling league...go to the ball games...
You know what I'm gonna do after this...I'm gonna get a normal life...
Good! So maybe he also know where the hell am I going to get the parts I need...
No! The man in the moon!! Who's driving this thing?
What did you do the my kids!!
That's it? That's all you give a shit about?
You don't give a shit about anything do you?
Here's what I think...I think these mokes below are a hit sqaud.
I know...I know...if the cash is there we don't care...  Finnegan this is as mean a pile of shit as we ever carried...
Can we use our indoor voice please...
What's there to think about?? That THING back there...
Don't shoot, man, don't shoot!
Why don't you help us so we can get done faster so we can get the hell out of here?
John...
Maybe it's the wrong ship.
