Pearl, is the twilight, the divinity... Onyx is the sickle, death...
The knife destroys the evil and saves the soul of the possessed.
By freeing them.
The dagger is used to free those possessed if stabbed directly into the heart, according to ancient beliefs -
It's origin is unknown.  The symbol does correspond  to a dagger I acquired many years ago.
May you find the peace you've sought in vain for so long.
She's coming back.  Keep talking!
Concentrate!  She can hear you!
Go ahead.  I believe right now she may hear you.
Now you must listen to me. This force is like a parasite, or a virus. It feeds on doubt, suspicion, discord... you must clear your mind as we reach out for her.
The blood of a woman is birth, life. It is part of the ceremony. Seamus offers up the pin - Maura waits a beat, then takes it -
I'm going to need some blood.  It must be from a woman.
Your daughter's been taken.
I took pity on the poor woman. This house is too big for one person to live alone in...
In her later years she would often get very disoriented being alone here.  She would call me, and I would come by.
She attended the church for years. A dear woman, it was sad to see her decline so rapidly.
Thank you.  I believe she would have wanted it.
May I come in?
...at her request.  She was a very religious woman.
You must be a Londrigan.
Well, you know where to reach me. The church is a stone's throw away if you want to come to mass.
Take care of the girl.  Take care of your family.  They are important.
I wish I had an answer.  Evil is powerful, more so every day it seems.  But I believe the worst for you and for this house is behind us.
I didn't do anything...God saved her...
Yes it is. Will and Seamus look at each other -
Keep talking!
It will not take long...
I said nothing before, for fear you wouldn't believe me.  I've exorcised forces from this house. Eliza knew, she was there.  It wants another soul, the one we've taken away. We must weaken it!
We must return it, if you want your daughter back.
I said nothing before, for fear you wouldn't believe me.  I've been here before to cast evil from this house.  The amulet is a guard against evil, blessed in countless rituals.   It is an ancient ceremony of the early Catholic church, a ceremony whose secrets are all but lost.
Did you remove anything in the cellar!
The amulet...
Hopefully the whole sad chapter is over.  And everyone, including your family, will find peace. WILL I just want to...thank all of you, for everything you've done for us.
Well there's no time like the present.  Good night.
Perhaps I'll see you in church.
I hope everything works out for you, and you find happiness in your new home.
Well thank you for the offer,  But I really have to go.
Well, I believe her mind was playing tricks on her, God rest her soul.  She would hear things, see things...
My name is Father Seamus.  I'm from Holy Rood church.
You must be the new tenants.
