Mister Cool Hand here is the soft heart in our Loan Department. Next!
Borrowin' or payin' back?
You jes' watch us!
Ah believe I smell me a blonde-haired lady.
Only two? Man, I already done eight. Nothin' to it. Just make the days and let the weeks and the years make themselves.
Hey, Tattoo!
You was to sell your job, maybe this Lucas War Hero would give you a price.
Fasten your flap! All you Newmeats gonna have to shape up fast and hard on this gang. We got rules here an' in order to learn them, you gotta keep your ears open and your mouths shut.
That's my baby.
Well --- okay. It's a deal. One cold drink, if'n you please. In advance. One chilly bottle right here in mah hot l'il hand... That goes for the rest of you mullet-heads, too.
A cold drink? You mean one cold drink? To feast yore starvin' fishy l'il eyes on The Picture? A true vision of Paradise itself? With two of the angels right there in plain sight a- friskin' round with mah boy?
It'd go to your coconut head. You'd start getting ideas. Maybe even pass right out.
What for?
Mah baby! We're diggin' and dyin' but our boy Luke is lovin' and flyin'.
Get away!
Looka that! Two of them. Oh my...
He ain't eating beans fer lunch.
Shut up. Let him eat. Don't pay them no mind, boy.
Jus' take it slow, buddy.
'Bout two hours left.
So then you just call him.
Uh-huh. And he ain't got nothing showing. Raise his head off.
I kin see that, brick head. I mean your hole card.
Whatcha got?
Look, she's got paint on her toenails! Oh Lord, whatever I done, don't strike me blind for 'nother couple minutes. Oh you Lucille!
I got eyes, don't I? How my not gonna see something like that?
She looks just like Mrs. Patricia Handy, a married woman... I useta fool with. Man, I kin sniff blondes from a hunnert yards and redheads from a mile and a half.
Wouldn't surprise me none.  Wicker Man says you got a hundred- twenny and some change in the Captain's safe and you got your five dollars pocket money... That'll buy you a whole fistfull of cards. You in or out?
You gotta mind your manners, you actin' like a hillbilly tramp.
Thass right. Just play it...
Luke, you got to listen to me. All you got to do is just give up nice and quiet, just play it cool.
Why sure, Luke. I mean I didn't talk to them about that. But why not? They're reasonable, Luke. Hell, we only been gone a coupla hours.
Luke, are you alright?... They got us, boy. They're out there thicker'n flies. Bosses and dogs and sheriffs and more guns than I ever seen in my life. We don't have a chance, Luke... They caught up with me right after we split up and they was aimin' to kill you, Luke. But I got 'em to promise if you give up peaceful, they wouldn't even whip you this time.
But what am I gonna do all by myself?  Oh if'n I hadn't lost mah head. I only had two more years to go. But when I saw you tearin' down with that truck... But you right Luke. We oughta split up. Be safer for us both.
Luke. Where you goin?
But, Luke...
What you mean, Luke?
What you talkin' about, Luke? We're together, you and me, just like always. Now the thing we gotta work out is how to get Koko outa there and then the Terrible Trio be all complete again. Man, this old Free World ain't gonna know which ear to stand on.
Whoee, it's cold. Wisht I had somethin' to eat. Bread, grits, beans even. Soon's we get to my house, we're gonna have us one big meal and then I'm gonna show you some farm girls that...
And all the time you was plannin' on runnin' again.
Don't hit me no more, Boss! Don't hit me! I'll do anythin' you say but just don't hit me! Oh Luke. You are an original, you truly are. You really fooled them.
Oh, that's mah darlin' Luke. Grins like a baby and bites like a 'gator.
Knock it off, Luke! You cain't talk about Him that way.
Us elephants may be a lil slow, like in makin' love, but you give us a coupla three days to really get with it an' man -- stand back!
'Atsa sign I got me an affectionate nature.
Yeah, I know. But what we gotta do first is stretch that l'il ol' belly of yours -- git it all strained out, in fightin' shape, like a barrage balloon.
What did I do? Stole and tole lies. I loved mah neighbor and his wife, but what did I do to deserve this lunatic to come in mah happy home and beat me outa hard earned bread.
Damn, Luke. What's the matter with you? what's the matter with me?
Why'd you have to say fifty? Why not thirty-five or thirty-nine?
Where'd the road go?
They don't know iff'n to smile, spit or swallow.
Hey, buddy. Take it easy. You're making me look bad.
Cool Hand Luke.
Nuthin'! A handfull of nuthin'!  You stupid mullet-head. He beat you with nuthin'! Just like today when he kept coming back at me.
I'm gonna kill you, you go on...
Whatta you mean, forget it?
Boy. You jus' asking to be handled!
Shut your mouth 'bout my Lucille.
That'sa Lucille, you mullet head! Any girl so innocent and built like that gotta be named Lucille.
Long enough to see redhots come and redhots go.
Man, this here Newmeat parking meter bandit thing what calls itself Luke don't know nuthin' 'bout nuthin'.
Slow down, man. They ain't passing out medals for slinging dirt.
You tryin' to say somethin'?
Course not. He ain't in the box 'cause a the joke played on him. He's there 'cause he back sassed a Free Man. They got their rules and we ain't got nothing to do with that. Woulda probably happened to him sooner or later, to a complainer like him. He's gotta learn the rules same as anybody else.
Plumb busted out. Looks like the hard road finally got to Mister Lucas War Hero.
Whatta you so happy about?
Oh we got our sources... Tearing the heads off... what was it... gumball machines? What kind of thing is that for a grown man?
Well, whatta we got here?
Somebody say somethin'?
Oh mah baby Luke.
Oh Lord!
That ole box collapse and fall apart before Luke calls quits.
Oh my. Oh my... Give it back here!
What's the writing say?
All right now: get mad at them eggs. Eat it there boy! Bite it! Gnaw on it!
Come on, boy, come on, darlin'. You kin do her. Just let that ol' belly sag and enjoy itself. Stay loose, buddy. Eight more, between you and everlasting glory. Little ol' eggs, pigeon eggs, that's all, fish eggs practically.
You jus' may be great at hangin' paper around the big cities, but us country boys is not entirely brainless. When it comes to the law, nothin' is understood.
You ever see mah boy throw up? Shut your mouth and put up your money!
Koko, write down their names, don't just make marks.
You ever eat fifty eggs?
Nobody kin eat fifty eggs.
He's the champeen hog-gut of this camp. Hell, I seen him eat ten choc'lat bars and seven cold drinks in fifteen minutes. He kin eat busted bottles and rusty nails, any damn thing. If you'd so kindly oblige as to let me cut off your yankee head, he'd even eat that.
Maybe we oughta call you No-Ears. You don't listen much, do you, boy?
