Things ain't always the way they seem. You got to ask yourself; is it worth it?
Same back at you.
We all got plans.  I planned on seeing all my life.  I know you didn't plan on straying into town.
More or less.
We was born to die, boy.  From the minute you take your first breath you got a death sentence hanging over your head.  You just don't know where, or when, or how.  Don't make sense worryin' about the particulars.
Afraid of it?  Boy, I live in the dark.  People are afraid of what they can't see.  I can't see nuthin', so it's all the same to me. Kiss from a beautiful woman, a lick from a dog.  The kiss of death. It's all the same.
Night is when you want to sleep, but the dry heat keeps you tossin' and turnin'.  It's when you wish the sun was bakin' high in the sky so you could see what it is you're afraid of.
Ain't over yet.  Night is part of day; separate, but equal.  Night is when you let your guard down; when you see things in the shadows and hear things in the dark.
I won't hold my breath.
Ain't you got a little something for the infirm?
Think you'll live that long?
That's 'cause I've done a lot of living.
What do you want for free?
Or maybe you just think you do.  You can run just as far as you can, but wherever you go, there you are.
I can see just fine.  For example: You're a young man who thinks he's got someplace to be.
Just 'cause I ain't got eyes doesn't mean I can't see.
See.  Ain't nothing I can do but keep him here beside me.  That's where he belongs anyways.  Me and Jesse, that's my dog, not anymore, but me and Jesse we been pals since the war when I lost my eyes.  He was just a pup then . . .
He's only just dead.  What was I supposed to do with him?  I can't take him away anywhere.  And nobody wants to take him for me.  Do you?
I hope you wasn't pettin' him none, was you?
That's 'cause he's dead.
Don't forget to open it for me.  I can't be opening my own bottle.
Get me a Dr. Peppa!  I don't want no Pepsi.  Pepsi ain't nothing but flavored water.
Change?  You want my change?  I fought the war and lost my eyes just so I could give you my change?
Don't be sorry.  Just run over there and get me my pop before I die of thirst.
Lost my eyes on Okinawa.  Lost them fighting the war.  Fought the war and lost my eyes just so you could come around here and make fun of me.
I ain't got no eyes.  You want to see?
What'd you think I was doing out here with these glasses on?  Sunnin' myself?
Hell no, I can't do that myself. I'm blind.  Can't you see that?
Yeah I want something.  I want you to run over to that machine and get me a pop.
Don't call me old man.  Ain't you got no respect, boy?
Hey!  You there!
