What are you afraid of?  I'm the one's got the gun.  Stay here.
What does it look like?
The wind isn't blowing.
There's someone in the house.
You didn't hear something?
What the hell you looking at, girl?
Uh-huh
They look nice.
They look nice.
I know.  I was here when your apprentice was helping you. Remember?
You spent a long time talking for a wrong number.  But then you make friends so easily.  Don't you, Grace?
Who was that on the phone?
Who the hell is this!?
Two-hundred dollars.
You'd tell me anything to save your pathetic life.
What are you babbling about?
Not from where I stand.
You're right.  I don't give a damn about her.  But to fuck a man's wife behind his back?  That just makes a fool out of him.  I don't like being made a fool of.
A drifter, a loner, a trouble maker like you?  Just passing through town, need money so he busts in on an, old man.  Only this old man's got himself an automatic, and he knows how to use it.  A man's got to protect his home.  His wife.  You're dead, boy, and your own mother wouldn't convict me.
Sense?  If I had any sense I would have killed you this morning and been done with it.
Is that what happened?  Did you even make it out to the desert, or did you just ply the afternoon between my sheets?
Then maybe this afternoon.  When I sent you to kill my wife you ended up sexing her instead.
Don't Jake me, boy!  It's a big house.  Odd that you would know your way, except maybe you've been in the bedroom before.  Maybe with Grace to keep you company.
This morning when I came in on you and Grace, you swore you hadn't so much as been near the bedroom.  Now you make straight for it.
I'm curious about something.  I'm wondering just how it is you happen to know where the bedroom's at.
That's a lot of talk.  A whole lot of talk.
That's a thick change of heart.
Liar.
You came to take my wife from me?
There's another reason?  It better be good.
And then with Jake out of the way you could borrow two-hundred dollars.  Or maybe two-thousand.  Or twenty-thousand.  Who's to stop you? Not Jake McKenna, 'cause old Jake would be dead.
You thought you'd come in here in the middle of the night and wham! Wail off and clock old Jake McKenna and turn his brains into wall paper.
Maybe you heard old Jake's got some money stashed away and you thought you'd help yourself to a little.
Fifty dollars more.  That's a lot of money when you don't have a dime. And where'd you plan on getting the money from?  Maybe you thought you'd pay your friend Jake McKenna a visit.
Darrell giving you problems?
Trouble with the car again?
Maybe not this time, but somebody's going to get dead around you.
All I have in the world.
Thirteen-thousand dollars.  Had you done it.  Isn't that what we agreed on?
And next time, next time somebody is going to get dead.
Came close this time and it scares you.
I hate loving her.  I hate the kind of her person she is.  I hate having to tolerate the little games she plays.  I hate letting her use me. But I love her too much to do otherwise.  And I certainly love her too much to kill her.  I couldn't stand to watch her eyes roll back in her head as she sucks her last breath, or to see her pretty pink brains spill from her skull.  But you?  You got the killing in you, boy.
I guess I have what you'd call a love-hate relationship with Grace.
I know all right.  I know you're just enough of a shit to have a go at bedding a man's wife.  You've probably bagged a few at that. You'd probably lie, cheat and steal without thinking twice.  From that you'd just turn and walk away.  But to kill; to get that blood on your hands.  You can't wash that off. You'd be a marked man for life. Just like Cain.  And you're a sinner who wants to walk with the saints. Ain't that right, boy?
You're out in the desert, the middle of nowhere with no one around for miles, and you say the time wasn't right?  What's the matter?  You were hoping to get it on home video?  A keepsake for the grandkids.  Thank God I waited, or I never would have gotten it on tape.
You didn't kill her?
Is the job done?
This is what you do:  Go to the house to see her.
Be quiet, boy.  I'm thinking.  It can't be done at the house.  It should be . . .
How the hell should I know?  I've never had a wife killed before.  I guess I should have hired a professional.
The sooner it's over, the sooner you're on your way.  Now listen to me:  It's got to look like an accident; that's the thing.  If it doesn't, then it's no good.  I won't get a dime, and it's my neck that'll be on the chopping block while you're living it up somewhere.
If you can't trust the man you've hired to kill your wife . . .?
Don't say that.  I had a marriage of convenience with Grace, and look where that's lead.  Well, looks like we got ourselves a pact.
You drive a hard bargain, but I had a feeling you were my boy when I met you.
That's a bit much.
Maybe . . . ten-thousand.  And that's a maybe.
Twenty-thousand?  I don't have that kind of money.  I won't get the insurance until months after she's dead.  I don't imagine you'll want to be around after poor Grace's demise.  Twenty-thousand; that's more money than I could ever get my hands on.
I put it at fifty-thousand dollars, minus your cut, of course.  Which is?
Just to get out of here?  That doesn't seem much for a murder.
And for that you'd kill Grace?
Let's say I do want her dead.  What is it you want?  This morning you weren't a killer.
And what does that make you?
What makes you say that?
A man doesn't always mean the things he says.
That was just loose talk.  I don't want anybody dead.
You're talking like a mad man.
I think this heat's getting to you the way you're rambling on.
I did?
I do.
Sweet Grace?  What about her?
Talk?  About what?
Now what can I do for you?
I do all right.  Real estate isn't a bad game such as it is around here. The trick is to underestimate the price when you buy it, and overvalue when you sell.  You can turn a few dollars that way.
You just seem to attract trouble, don't you?
I'm surprised to see you.  I thought you'd be halfway to Vegas by now.
Hungry?
Another accident?  You've really got to be more careful.  Can I get you a drink?
Good Lord.  What happened to you?
How do you know if you've never tried?
Because I'm sick and tired of her little games.  Because you could do it and drift away on your boat and no one would ever see you again. Because I've got a fifty-thousand dollar life insurance policy on her, and I would be more than happy to give the man who does her in a good chunk of it.
Would you kill her?
Would you?
Mad like a dog in heat, I bet you were.  I can tell you got a temper on you.
I bet she led you on good, didn't she?  Taking you up to the house with that smile of hers.  Bet she wiggled her ass in your face more than once.  Then me busting in like some wild bear.  Bet you had a fire going under you.
She does at that.  I knew when I married her she was a free spirit. A woman with her looks and a man my age; what was I to expect?  But you see a woman like that in a town like this and you don't think, you do. So, I married her.  What are you to do, eh?  Women.
That's the sweat of a man who hasn't an honest bone in his body.  Don't be offended, lad.  A man who's got no ethics is a free man.  I envy you that.  Beside, I can hardly blame you.  That Grace has a mind of her own, and a body to match, don't she? Eh?
Ah, I can smell it on you.
It wouldn't have made a difference to you, now would it?  Not a wit. Do you know why?  Because you're a man without scruples.
You a sailor man?  That'd be the life.  Drive across the country, step on a boat and just sail away. A man could pretty well disappear like that.  Just sail away until all he was was a memory.  I guess a little place like this would just be a dot on a map to you after awhile.
Live there?
Where you headed?
What brings you to Sierra?
I'm a solid man.
I guess we've never been introduced proper.  Jake McKenna.
You've got to be--
What happened to your hand?
I have half a mind to--
A lot that means.
Didn't much look like you were hanging drapes.
Now who the hell are you, and it better be good, or God help me I'll break you in half.
I'm her husband.
