I think I burned my gun hand!
Flo, I'm just gonna help myself to a refill on the coffee.
Baby didn't die.  Just froze off all it's finger and toes.  Just a little fingerless, toeless boy now.  But the husband; he sees what the wife's done, so after he saves the baby he locks the wife in the refrigerator to see how she likes it.  Now she died.
'Cept that she lost her money and the sons of bitches stole her wedding ring.  That's when she started shooting.  Can't blame her. The ring was all Carlos left her when he died.
More like Jenny is after every man she sees.
What was that all about?
That wasn't so bad.  What's thirty- some-thousand to rich folks like you?  It didn't hurt a bit.
There you go, Mrs. McKenna.  Just put it in there.
Can't I?  You're out in the desert, all alone, with a body in your trunk.  What do you think, boy?
. . .at the very least.  I know there was more than thirty-thousand dollars.  Now, how much did you get?
Same thing you want.  I want to be out of Sierra; to be able to do as I please.  But that takes money.
For the love of God would you two give it a rest?  Lord almighty.  In all my years I have never seen anything so pathetic.  How far did you think you were going to get with this?  Neither one of you can wait to slit the others throat.  Now use what little smarts you got.  If I was going to bust you I wouldn't have waited until after you killed Jake.
Is that the way you want it, boy?  A bullet in the head in the middle of the desert?  Ends like this and you won't be able to spend a dime of that blood money.
I could do that.  'Course we'd have to go back into town.  There'd be a whole crowd of people around when the trunk was opened.  A whole crowd of witnesses.  That wouldn't be too pretty, now would it?
Is that right?  Can't say as I blame you for wanting to head out for a bit.  I know I've had my fill of this town.  Sixteen years I've been the law and order here.  So long I forgot why I ever wanted the job in the first place.  Help people, I guess.  Keep the peace.  Problem is there's so much peace around here they don't much need me.  Got a lot of speeders, but they're speeding through miles of nothing so I can't hardly blame them.  Other than that, well, there ain't much to steal.  I reckon that the last big crime we had was, what would you say Mrs. McKenna?  A murder?
Taking a little trip?
That yours, Mrs. McKenna?
Nobody's going to hang.  We're all gonna walk away with a little something.  I ain't a greedy man. And, hell, you did all the work. One-hundred-thousand dollars.  Split that three ways and it comes out to about thirty-three thousand.  Give or take.
You ain't passing these test, son. If I can't trust you I'm gonna have to arrest you . . .
What'd you think, boy?  That you were the first man to drift through this town she came on to?  Not by a long shot.  You're just the most gullible.  How much did you get?
Sure you do.  Everybody in town knows about the money Jake kept hid in the house.  It's a wonder the Mrs. here just now got round to killing him.  Not for lack of trying.
Killing Jake McKenna's got to amount to something.  He wasn't much of a man, but that don't give you the right to murder him.  And don't tell me you didn't, 'cause I know you did.  I was there.  Like I said; I been watching you.
Shut up!  The both of you.  Ain't neither one of you too smart. Especially you, boy.  Don't you think I had my eye on you since first you rolled into town?  You smell like trouble.  Stink of it like a ripe cesspool.
And as soon as I see that you're on your way.
I think you might just want to do as I say.
Now step around to the back of the car and open the trunk for me.
Just step from the car.  Nice and slow.
Why don't you step out of the car, son?
Nope.  No problems up the road.
Just cool down, son.  I ain't accusing you of anything.  Serves Toby right to get his ass whooped. If you hadn't done it, somebody else would've.
Suppose you've had all you can of Sierra.  What with that ruckus you had with Toby.  Oh yes, I heard all about that.
Nice night for a drive.  Morning really.  I guess that's about the only way to keep cool; riding around with the top down on a fancy convertible in the first hours of the day.
Stay as long as you like, son.  No rush.
That's too bad.  I was hoping you were there.  Maybe you could help us catch the guy who got away.  Or maybe you could explain about all that money that got tore up when Jamilla shot that biker.
There was a young man over at Jamilla's today when it got hit. Way she tells it he got whacked around by one of the robbers.
Just curious.  That's a nasty cut you've got.
Saw you at the truck stop this morning.  You're not from around here.
Like I said; you really can't blame the boy.  Some people don't know how to avoid trouble.  Know what I mean?
Yep.  Tore him up good and spat out little, refined pieces of him. Nothing like the embarrassment of having your father refined in front of your classmates to put the anger in a young man.
His father worked in a strip mine north of here.  Toby's school class went up to the mine one day.  School takes field trips up there every year.  Big day for the kids when they can see ore tore up out of the ground.  Anyway, on this particular day Toby's dad up and falls into the machinery.
He is at that.  No so much a fault of his own.  Poor boy had quite a trauma as a child.
Kids.
