Innocent of what?
If they was just here for the fuckin', how come they lit out the back window?
Ain't you seen enough blood for one night? Hell, Alice, they ain't loafers nor tramps nor bad men. They're hard workin' boys that was foolish. Why if they was given over to wickedness in a regular way...
I fined 'em instead.
Whippin' ain't a little thing, Alice.
No?
Well, Ned, you'll want to tell me an' Mister Beauchamp here all about them two villainous friends of yours, I guess.  Bring him in, boys, for I will be glad to know the names and the whereabouts of those other two murdering sonsofbitches.
He give 'em names?
He tell you where them others is?
Don't matter, we don't need no whips.  Spring comes an' Skinny don't have them ponies, I'm gonna...
...wouldn't let you settle it, huh?
Oh yeah.
Enemies, Bob? You been talking about the Queen again? On Independence Day?
Charley, see what kind of "books" Mister Beauchamp is packing... but watch you don't get wet.
I guess not, Bob. I don't like guns around.
Oh.
I heard that one myself, Bob. Hell, I even thought I was dead til I found out it was just I was in Nebraska.  Who's your friend?
Well, I was always tasting the soup two hours after I et it.
Been a long time, Bob. You run out of Chinamen?
Hullo, Bob. Boys, this here is English Bob.
You an' Andy get the hell out there. Find out where them other two went.
Those cowboys messin' him up?
He admit it?
Alive?
Nope. They'll stay out on the Spade country where they got friends.
I could run off them whores.
That much, huh?
They really got all that money, them whores?
Word must have got all the way to Texas by now.
All week?
An' all them cowboys been riding that beef down to Kansas an' Cheyenne?
Shit, Skinny, we got railroad barons an' cattle barons, but you' re gonna be the first of the billiard barons.
Yeah?
Porch. I'm puttin' a porch on her so's I can puff my pipe of an evening an' drink my coffee an' watch the sun set.
Roof? Jesus, Skinny, I done practically every damn thing myself. Roberts boy hauled wood, that's all.
Huh? Hullo, Skinny. Snuck up on me.  How do you like her?
You boys are off of the Spade Outfit. Got your own string of ponies?
You figure nobody'll want to fuck her.
Property.
No?
I'll see you... in hell, you three fingered asshole.
I don't... deserve this... to die this way. I was... building a house.
I guess you are Three-Fingered Jack out of Missouri, killer of women and children.
There ain't no snakes in here, Mister Hendershot.
I guess you just carry it for snakes an' such.
Well, Mister Hendershot, if I was to call you a no good sonofabitch an' a liar, an' if I was to say you shit in your pants on account of a cowardly soul... well, I guess then, you would show me your pistol right quick an' shoot me dead, ain't that so?
What's your name?
You're spillin' your whiskey, mister.
Them friends of yours in the back, they carryin' pistols?
Ordinance says you got to turn in your firearms to the County office day or night. I guess you didn't read it with the weather an' all.
What?
Huh? Oh.  Another one, huh? Shit, I guess I'm clean out of receptacles.
I do not like assassins an' men of low character like your friend English Bob... but Bob ain't no coward who will cry to your face an' then...
No,... but I can't abide them kind... an' you will find a lot of them in the saloons... tramps an' drunk teamsters an' crazy miners... sportin' pistols like they was bad men, but not having no sand nor character... not even bad character.
"Well, Jim," I says, "it makes me sick to see a man struttin' around and packin' two pistols an' a Henry rifle and cryin' like a baby."
Give it to him.
Wouldn't be no good if it wasn't. You got to cock it though.
Them's the keys. All you gotta do is shoot me an' you an' English Bob can ride out free as birds.
Then he will kill you. That is why there are so few dangerous men like old Bob there... an' like me. It ain't so easy to shoot a man anyhow... an' if the sonofabitch is shootin' back at you... well, it'll unnerve most fellas.  Look here, let me show you somethin'.  See this here pistol?
He will be hurryin' and he will miss. That there is as fast as I can pull an' aim an' hit anythin' more'n ten feet away... unless it's a barn.
Well he wasn't gonna wait for Corky to grow no new hand. He walked over real close, bein' drunk, an' shot him through the liver.
Bam! That Walker Colt blew up in his hand... which was a failing common to that model. Now if Corky would have really had two guns instead of just a big dick he could have defended himself to the end.
Well, that bullet whizzin' by panicked Corky, an' he done the wrong thing! Pulled his gun in such a damn hurry he shot off his own toe. Meantime, Bob aims good and squeezes off another... but he's so drunk he misses again an' hits the thousand dollar mirror behind the bar. Well, now the Duck of Death is good as dead 'cause this time Corky does right an' aims real good, no hurry...
Some folks did call Old Corky "Two Gun" but not because he was sportin' two pistols but because he had a dick so big it was longer than the barrel on that Walker Colt he carried. An' the only insultin' he done was stickin' that big dick of his in some French Lady that Old Bob was sweet on... Well, one day Corky walked into the Blue Bottle and before he knows what's happening Bob takes a shot at him... and misses on account of he's drunker than hell.
First off... Corky didn't carry two pistols, though he should of.
Well, Mister Beauchamp, I was at the Blue Bottle Saloon in Wichita the night English Bob killed Corky Corcoran... an' I didn't see you there... nor no woman, nor no twogun shooters nor nothin' like that.
Duck, I says.  "You have insulted the honor of this beautiful woman, Corcoran," said the duck. "You must apologize." But Two Gun Corcoran would have none of it and, cursing, he reached for his pistols and would have killed them but The Duck was faster and hot lead blazed from his smoking sixguns."
Meaning the duck himself, I guess.
Well, Mister Beauchamp... from what I read of this here book, I'd have to say the writin' ain't a whole lot different from the pitcher.
That is you there, ain't it, Bob? The Duck of Death?
The... Duck of Death.
A book, huh?  I guess that means you can read... An' I guess you boys seen them signs about surrendering your firearms... But then, like you told old Andy there, you ain't armed, are you, Bob?
Letters?
You work for the railroads too, Mister Beauchamp?
