If you'd grant me a final favor, I'd like the chance to explain myself --
Don't come back, not tonight, not again --
Go back to your room. Quickly.
They incite us to act. In ways we should not... cannot... a lesson the Marquis would do well to learn.
Madeleine, I... there are certain things... feelings... we must not voice.
By whom? The Marquis?
"Turn you out?"
Charenton has changed; it's not safe for you here.
Is that a promise you can truly keep?
The Doctor's a respected man, a friend of the court --
In part, yes.
Why not act the role of heroines instead? Queen Esther from the Bible, or St. Joan?
But why heap such ghastly fantasies atop an already ghastly existence?
But why must you indulge in his pornography?
Had I known your taste in novels, I never would've taught you to read.
Not now, or we're both done for.
Has he hurt you?
The next time you feel the urge to visit the Marquis, I hope you'll come to confession instead.
Madeleine --
We can't. All we can do is guard against our own corruption.
You'd deny a dying man his salvation?
I must grant him his last rites.
Free his mouth.
You needn't worry, Valcour. It's administrative, nothing more.
Of course.
I'm here.
Tomorrow, we'll cut out your tongue.
We inspected the body, Marquis. She died a virgin.
Then it must've been love --
Was it impotence?
Why was it you never took her by force?
You're no stranger to rape, Marquis; and yet with her, you cooed. You courted. You begged.
AND DID YOU?
I know, because I felt it myself --
-- the passion in your heart --
I saw the longing in your eye --
It's no secret that you loved her.
An innocent child is dead.
Your words drove Bouchon to --
Your wig. Remove your wig.
NOW STRIP.
I DO NOT MEAN TO FLIRT, MARQUIS!
OFF WITH YOUR CLOTHES!
You expect me to pimp Madeleine?
What on earth would that require?
What in God's name am I to do with you? The more I forbid, the more you're provoked!
If it were up to the Doctor, you'd be flayed alive.
Its horrors, perhaps! Its darkest nightmares! And to what end? Nothing but your own morbid gratification --
Because your writing continues, unchecked.
-- and your meat shall be de-boned.
Orvolle. His wine.  From now on, nothing but water at every meal --
Valcour. His chair.
His rug.
Good day, Marquis.
That's enough.
I don't know who you insult more; her or me.
You always do.
Whores and pederasts? You're better off without them.
You know what sacrilege is, don't you? The last refuge of the failed provocateur.
Start with the Bible; it's cheerier, and more artfully written.
Try reading, for a change. The writer who produces more than he reads? The sure mark of an amateur.
Perhaps -- in time -- you'll earn them back through good behavior --
If you won't be true to your word, then you've left me no choice.
How can one man possibly be so selfish?
You mean to take us all down with you?
If you only mean to dupe me again --
Do I have your word?
You among them?
Put yourself in my place. I've your fellow patients to consider. If Charenton falls, they've no place to go. No manner in which to clothe or feed themselves --
Our future lies in the stroke of your pen.
More than your writing's at stake. The Ministry has threatened us with closure.
One more trick like this, and I'll be forced to revoke all your liberties!
But isn't that the duty of art? To elevate us above the beast?
But we also fall in love; we build cities, we compose symphonies, and we endure. Why not put that in your books as well?
And such puny scope! Nothing but the very worst in man's nature!
It's not even a proper novel! It's nothing but an encyclopedia of perversions! Frankly, it even fails as an exercise in craft. The characters are wooden; the dialogue is inane. Not to mention the endless repetition of words like "nipple" and "pikestaff" --
Enough to discern its tenor.
But you've no right to publish! Behind my back, without my sanction!
What did you do? Bribe one of the guards?
Take your pen in hand, Marquis. Purge these wicked thoughts of yours on paper; maybe they'll govern you less in life.
I'm not a beautiful young prospect, ripe for corruption.
In exchange, we ask only that you follow the rules. Now you know as well as I do... you're not to entertain visitors in your quarters.
We treat you well enough here, don't we Marquis? Your very own featherbed, in lieu of a straw mat. Your antique writing desk, all the way from LaCoste. Enough quills to feather an ostrich --
It's not even noon --
I've stared into the face of evil...  ...and I've lived to tell the tale. Now... for your own sake... let me write it down.
No, sir. Plainly put, I never expect to sleep again.
I'm not the first man God has asked to shed blood in His name. I will not be the last.
Poorly.
And my own.
I beg you, Doctor, don't make me say it.
As you say, Doctor.
If only blood will appease you, then shed mine.
Madeleine's not wicked. It's the Marquis who's corrupted her. That's not her fault; it's mine.
It's a weak man who tests his mettle on the backs of children --
You'll get more from her with kindness than you will with force.
I'll do everything in my power --
That's not our intent --
It was not inspired by circumstance.
It was fiction, of course.
Madame Bougival; Mademoiselle Clairwil -- and of course -- the Marquis' wife --
I have.
He's more than a patient, Doctor; the Marquis is my friend --
He's sworn to obedience.
I spoke to him with reason and compassion; the tools which serve us best here.
Charenton is my life's work. To have her wrested from beneath me now --
On the contrary. Let me take up this matter with the Marquis myself --
A practical man, sir. Given the Marquis' unusual tastes, a sound thrashing on bare flesh may not qualify as a deterrent.
Why? So he'll learn to fear punishment, rather than pursue virtue for its own reward?
But he's one among some two hundred wards --
Shut down?
Yes?
I've taken vows to live my life within these walls; not outside them.
You have to believe me, I had no idea --
For sale? To the general public? Certainly not; it's unprintable.
It's essential to his recovery; a purgative for the toxins in his mind.
Oh. That.
He no longer roars or spits. He no longer taunts the guards or molests his fellow wards --
Besides, every wholesome thing he might desire, he has at Charenton. A library, filled with the world's great books, music lessons, watercolor exercises --
A man of his notoriety? He wouldn't last a day on the streets without capture.
Better to have an insane spouse than a criminal one.
His wife's influence.
He's made a great success of our Little Theater; there's seldom an empty seat. Not to mention its therapeutic value.
I hope you'll judge him by his progress here, and not his past reputation.
A few indiscretions in his youth.
If you don't mind my asking... why has the Emperor taken such sudden interest in my... our... affairs?
You're a man of Science; I'm a man of God. Charenton stands to profit from us both, I'm certain.
Of course.
Dr. Royer-Collard? May I be the first to welcome you to Charenton --
