And why not? My fortune, siphoned away. My reputation, past repair. I've nothing left to lose.  Silence my husband, or you'll come to know an infamy to rival his own.
Public scorn carries a terrible sting. Trust me. I'm a woman who knows.
Am I a cursed woman, Doctor? Must I be betrayed by every man I meet --
If only you'd remained true to our contract! Opiates, for his nerves! Restraints! The man warrants a bed of nails --
I'm on the brink of bankruptcy; my husband's resources are all but exhausted. And to what end, I ask you?
Once... long ago... in the folly of youth... he made me love him.
Doctor... Can I impart to you his cruelest trick?
I am eternally in your debt.
Don't toy with me, Doctor.
It's beyond perversity. That honor should carry a price tag...
Oh, but I am!
What thought is that?
It's tainted money, Doctor.
I am not a wealthy woman.
I pay his stipend every month, far more dutifully than I should.
Oh you do, do you? It is my dearest hope, Doctor, that he remain entombed forever, and that when at last he perishes in the dank bowels of your institution, he be left as carrion for the rodents and the worms.
You're new to Charenton, yes? Perhaps you're not yet familiar with my husband, and his unusual case.
I beg to differ, Doctor. You work in a madhouse. Your every waking moment is governed by the insane.
Desperation has driven me past etiquette, all the way to frenzy.
He refuses to be seen in my company! He blanches at the mention of your name --
Give me back my anonymity, that's all I ask! Let me be invisible again!
Everywhere I go, they point and whisper! At the opera, they hiss at me when I take my box. When I went to church... the priest refused to even hear my confession; he said I was already damned! Why must I suffer for your sins?
You ought to court the Doctor's favor, not his contempt.
To flaunt your deviance in public? Upon a stage?
I beg you, Donatien... as your wife... your only ally... you must stop making such a monstrous spectacle of yourself.
How was I to know, my darling?
Forgive me, I beg you --
....shame on you, truly...
