"To seal the wound, he took a poker from the fire --"
"With that, Fanchon expelled a scream so extravagantly pitched, that the surgeon was obliged to tear out her tongue --"
"One day, Fanchon's first client was a surgeon. He ran his fingers across her naked skin, pulling apart folds of flesh, inspecting each and every follicle..."
Now give the signal.
Yes, well, I awoke to discover I'd turned into a cat. If you don't do as I say, I'll sink my little fangs into your drumsticks, and suck the marrow straight out of your bones.
For fuck's sake, who else would it be? The witching hour's arrived; you've alerted the others, yes?
Surely you'll grant me a final word.
Abbe de Coulmier!
I dare you. Stab my flesh. Which one of us will bleed?
I FUCKED HER COUNTLESS TIMES! IN EVERY ORIFICE! AND ALL THE WHILE, SHE PLEAD FOR MORE --
NEVER!
Who's to say I did not?
Go to hell!
IT'S NOT YOUR PROVINCE TO ASK.
I WANTED TO FUCK HER, THAT'S ALL!
Don't confuse one organ with another --
-- that was lust --
Oh, that's rich -- coming from her lapdog --
So many authors are denied the gratification of a concrete response to their work. I am blessed, am I not?
For fuck's sake, Abbe! What am I to do? Police my readers as you police me? Suppose one of your precious wards had attempted to walk on water and drowned? Would you condemn the Bible? I think not!
Oh, I'm to be blamed now, am I?
It's a potent aphrodisiac, isn't it? Power over another man.
Oh, but you must, my pumpkin! Sex without flirtation is merely rape!
Coulmier, you animal!
I wasn't talking about Madeleine.
A night spent with the partner of my choice.
I could be convinced to abandon my writing, quite voluntarily.
A man after my own heart...
Morbid gratification? NO! I write what I've seen; the endless procession to the chopping block. We're all lined up at the guillotine, waiting for the crunch of the blade. Rivers of blood are flowing beneath our feet, Abbe.
I DIDN'T CREATE THIS WORLD OF OURS! I ONLY RECORD IT!
WHY THIS SUDDEN TORTURE?
-- water! --
Virgin birth -- ha! An entire religion, built on an oxymoron!
That's a Turkish weave, you numbskull; it costs more than you'll earn in your lifetime --
And my chaise -- am I being denied the privilege of sitting -- of plopping down my ass --
My bed, gone! Am I to freeze to death?
THEN BUGGER ME!
You're tense, darling. You could use a long, slow screw.
"Part the gates of heaven," as it were --
Madeleine. She's besotted with me; she'd do anything I ask. She could pay you a midnight visit --
I have a proposition.
I'll die of loneliness! I've no company but the characters I create --
That monstrous God of yours? He strung up his very own son like a side of veal; I shudder to think what He'd do to me.
You can't --! You mustn't --! I've all the demons of hell in my head; my only salvation is to vent them on paper --
What the devil --
We held a mirror up to the Doctor, and -- apparently -- he didn't like what he saw.
He can't do that to me.
Don't be absurd; it's only a play.
Honestly! You cut me to the core! What's the point of all your valiant attempts at rehabilitation if -- when I finally succumb -- when at long last, I pledge myself to righteous conduct -- you regard me with nothing but suspicion? Have you no faith in your own medicine?
You've a touch of the poet, too; perhaps you should take up the quill.
Fuck 'em! They're half-wits and pinheads. Let 'em die on the streets, as Nature intended.
Mightier than the sword indeed.
They can't be serious.
It's that Doctor fellow, isn't it? He's come to usurp your place here, hasn't he?
I thought that was your duty, Abbe, not mine.
It's a fiction, not a moral treatise.
I write of the great, eternal truths that bind together all mankind! The whole world over, we eat, we shit, we fuck, we kill and we die.
There I was taxed; it's true.
And --?
Have you truly read the book in question? Or did you run -- straightaway -- to the dog-eared pages?
But you implored me to write! For curative purposes, to stave off my madness --
Yes! It is! The paper's cheap, the type's too small --
I'll fill page after page, I promise.
Don't be so sure.
I'm entertaining you now, aren't I?
It's true, dear-heart, you've spoiled me pink.
I should've told you it was the blood of Christ; you'd believe that, wouldn't you?
Conversation, like certain portions of the anatomy, always runs more smoothly when it's lubricated.
Care for a splash of wine, Abbe?
"What shall I ready?" asked Fanchon. "My mouth, my ass or my succulent oyster?"
Something to make the angels weep, and the Saints to gasp for air...
Yes! You shall. Of course you shall --
-- who'll whisper it to Bouchon --
Go on, child.
How do you propose I write it? With dust, upon the air?
First and foremost, he's a MAN. You remind him of that fact, and he resents you for it.
Don't be fooled, Madeleine! He fears for himself. He's like a man starving, and you -- ha! -- you're like a pork chop dolloped with heavy cream --
You're far crueler than I, my sweet.
Surely you've seen a man naked.
They decreed me a savage, and now they have made me one.
My newest book begins at my right cuff, continues across my back, and completes itself at the base of my left shoe...
Tortures so arcane, so medieval, even I haven't the words to describe them. If you've an ounce of pity in your heart, you'll throw caution aside, and unlock my door...
The story's thrilling conclusion comes at a premium.
The climax comes at a higher cost; you must sit on my lap.
The price, my coquette, is every bit as firm as I am...
A kiss for each page.
Fiendishly so.
Most assuredly.
The unhappy tale of a virginal laundry lass, the darling of the lower wards, where they entomb the criminally insane.
I've just the story... inspired by these very surroundings....
You've already stolen my heart, as well as another more prominent organ, south of the Equator...
If only these coins purchased your other talents, too.
The peril of composing such incendiary prose...
It's the only frontier I have left, plumcake.
Did I frighten you?
Go ahead; you've a key. Slip it through my tiny hole...
I'm hungry for a proper visit.
It's a convenience, isn't it, having your husband locked away! You no longer have to hold your tongue, or hoist your skirts! Or crack your mouth, so I can put it to its one pleasurable use! YOU'RE NOT MY WIFE, NO! YOU'RE ONE AMONG MY MANY JAILERS, AREN'T YOU?
Tell me; have you done anything to secure my release? NO! Have you petitioned the court? NEVER! Sought audience with the Emperor --
It's the way of all martyrs, isn't it?
They've put you up to this, haven't they?
You've come to lecture me?
How was I to tell you? By writing a letter? WITH WHAT, MY ASININE BRIDE?
For fuck's sake, woman! BONBONS? I'm to sit here, gorging myself on useless trifles, sucking down your little sweetmeats, when what I truly need -- what I truly require -- are a few quill pens? Perhaps a pot of ink?
Hm? Tell me. What other treats?
