Why?
Congratulations on history's longest winning streak.
He excels at gratitude.
Okay.
I'm just bringing him over to give Jane a look at him --
Hi.
No, I liked the way it made me sound. Okay.  Be good.  So long.
This story they won't cover.  And if the network doesn't cover it -- it must not be important so why worry.
No.  I don't know how much fun it will be when Martin Klein and Ernie have to drop off their credentials with the security guard.
Can I ask you something?  You only had one crew on the date rape piece, right?
It is.  Yes -- that's where they had Rorish, for God's sake, before they made him anchor.  I can't stand it -- they're grooming you for it all and you don't even know it.
London.  That's a promotion!
Yes.  And I'm sorry that they're sending you down for a while, but you'll make it back...Where they sending you?
Impossible.  There's no system that wouldn't value one of us.
What did they do with you?
I'll put her on.
Yeah -- well, I'm sorry I'm tying up Jane, I didn't realize you two would be going this late.  Sorry.
The pointers were great.  I'll study the tape.
Oh, God, no!
No?
It's not loaded.
Just don't physically...  Fantastic tip -- fantastic.
I don't like being handled.
What?
It just might not work for me because of our different approaches.
This is uncomfortable for me -- because, well, I don't mean it as a knock, but we approach this differently.
Nothing.  I think you really blew the lid off nookie.
I'm in a pissy mood.  I'm sorry.
I'm starting to... We may do the capitols of the states.
There are only ten.
Okay.
Don't name them.  Just tell me if you know.
We're conversing...Oh my, the names of the entire Cabinet has slipped my mind.  What are they?
Can you name all the members of the Cabinet?
And the rule was...
Okay.  Pretty petty party, isn't it, pal?
You have the job you have...
You can't talk about feeling intimidated when you're on top of the world.  It's unseemly.
Oh, stop it.
Keep it to yourself.
How <u>you</u> doing?
You've made my dreams silly.
Why don't you lead?  I'll just follow the flurry you cause.
Same old stuff.  I'm watching a man who won three Overseas Press Awards pitch an hors d'oeuvre idea.
Nice, Jane.
You write this?
Yeah.
Shit, shit, shit...
Stop the tape, okay.  Forget it, Ellen.  Let's call security and get him out.
Which would you prefer?
You're saying the fact that you're gay had something directly to do with your promotions?
Eventually rising to...
You worked at one time as Foreign Service Trainee in the State Department.
I might as well ask you the questions on tape.  Is that all right?
That's your full name?
It's Mr. Buddy Felton?
Well -- my wife got this new job...
So who's the guy?
Really?
I hope so...  No.  I'm not really mad.  I'll miss you, we'll talk, we'll always be friends...we'll get hot for each other every few years at dinner and never act on it, okay?
I'll be walking with my wife and two children -- we'll bump into you on the street, my youngest son will say something and I'll tell him...  ...it's not nice to make fun of single, fat ladies.
Okay, that's very easy.  Five, six years from now I'll be in town to collect an award representing the surge in foreign coverage by local stations.
Maybe the best part of your life is over and you don't want to get up and start the bad part.
Let's go...
Ernie told this story.  How he used to write obits and when the people in town called him up with death notices, he cried.  He was till that way when they promoted him out of obits.  He says you're lucky if you can get out while you could still cry.  I should have quit this place  three years ago.
Stop.  Ernie thought I was good too -- he couldn't help.  My agent has a hot prospect -- the number two station in Portland.  The general manager says he wants to be every bit as good as the networks.  Personally, I think he should aim higher.
Speaking.
Hi.  Will I ever sing again?
I've got to not say that aloud; it takes too much out of me.
Yes, yes.  I know.  Right.  And if it had gone well for me tonight, maybe I'd be keeping quiet about all this...I grant you everything but give me this...he does personify everything you've been fighting against...And I'm in love with you.  How do you like that? -- I buried the lead.
Because we have the kind of relationship where if I were the Devil, you'd be the only one I told.
No.  You know that I'm not.
What do you think the Devil is going to look like if he's around?  Nobody is going to be taken in if he has a long, red, pointy tail.  No.  I'm semi-serious here.  He will look attractive and he will be nice and helpful and he will get a job where he influences a great God-fearing nation and he will never do an evil thing...he will just bit by little bit lower standards where they are important. Just coax along flash over substance... Just a tiny bit.  And he will talk about all of us really being salesmen.  And he'll get all the great women.
I know you care about him.  I've never seen you like this about anyone, so please don't take it wrong when I tell you that I believe that Tom, while a very nice guy, is the Devil.
You can't end up with Tom because it goes totally against everything you're about.
Aaach...Jane...  Let's take the part that has nothing to do with me.  Let's let me be your most trusted friend, the one that gets to say awful things to you.  You know?
Let me think a second.  It's tough.
Yeah.  Well...I think it is important for you too.  Sit down.
Don't go.
No!!!!!
Call him -- I mean it can wait, right?
I don't know.  At a certain point it was so off the chart bad -- it got funny.  My central nervous system was telling me something. Jane -- sweat running down my face -- makeup falling into my eyes -- people turning this fusillade of blow dryers on me -- all so I could read introductions to other people who were covering stories which is what I like to do anyway.  And I'm chipper because you finally showed up.  I thought I'd cook for us. Tequila and eggs sound good?
No, nice ones worried that I was having a heart attack.
I'm not kidding.
People phoned in.
It was great...writing my little first rate copy, sitting on my jacket, punching my one thought. But I had this historic attack of flop sweat so they'll never let me another again.  Oh, I lost one of your shoulder pads -- how was your evening anyway?
I lost six pounds...
No.
No.
Define your terms.
Then it went well.
You didn't see it or speak to anybody?
Thanks, Jane.  Have a good time tonight.
<u>If</u>...if not, I'll have the tape...I'll wait for you at my apartment.
Me too...Hey...if it gets dull a little before 11:00, drop by the studio.
Yes.
Because this is important -- so don't just be polite.  I'd really like to look...what's the word I'm looking for?...
Could you at least pretend that this is an awkward situation for you -- me showing up while you're getting ready for a date.
Yes...I was thinking that way too... Which tie?
I didn't know you were going with him.
They're not that dumb, after all.
Jesus, Jane.  How long have you been here?
Good.
Absolutely...You go have a good time... You have some place to go?
Which means I'm at their mercy and who wants that?...I'm not going to tell you where this thought led me... Anyway, well, why not  tell you? -- it's a happy thing.  In the middle of all this I start to think about something that does nothing but make me feel good and makes immediate sense and that's you ...And I'll stop here but, Jane, I'd give anything if you were two people so I could call up the one who's my friend and tell her about the one I'm in I...I don't think I should go any further.  Come on -- I'll walk you to the corner.
I figured out exactly why it is I'm so hung up on getting a chance at weekend anchor...It's because if I do that well, they'll pay me more, treat me great and my life will be better.  That's why.
You're welcome.  Sow how does it feel to...I know you gotta go -- Me too.  We're very busy here.
Me again.  Hi.  Listen Gaddafi doesn't foam at the mouth or anything.  When you speak to him he's not at all nuts. He seems like a leader -- very impressive, self-control...that's what's so strange.
I think the pilot that shot down the Libyan in 1981 is stationed right here.  Maybe you could get him -- and maybe Tom should say that our F-14 is one of the hardest planes to fly. They're nicknamed 'Tomcats'.
Watch? --
What happened?
Not because you have to.
Can you believe it?  I just risked my life for a network that tests my face with focus groups.
We can cut back at the end.
Did you shoot their boots?
Last time Paul was sick they gave Connie the weekend news instead of me.
I didn't sleep.  They're giving me less and less air time.  They don't think I'm at all anchor material.
Eleven and a half.
They didn't hire Peter Stiller from the <u>Times</u> and he had a great audition tape.
Wouldn't this be a great world if insecurity and desperation made us more attractive?  If needy were a turn-on?
I'd give anything if that were true.
Okay.  I feel like I'm slipping but do people who are actually slipping feel that way or is it always the really good people who are moving up who invariably think they're slipping because their standards are so high?
Okay.  Let's do me.
Because nobody invites a bad- looking idiot to their bedroom.
He must have been great-looking, right?
Where's where I asked him about being scared?  You should work on your speech.
Okay, I'll see you in the lobbies [<i>sic</i>].
Now listen, Arnold just said that he's been making three million a movie now.  But he's not ever gonna change.  He's still the same person when he was making two million dollars a movie.  He feels no different.  He also bought a brand- new condo with Maria, they gonna furnish tastefully.
Hi.  Turn on your TV... <u>Good Morning America</u>, the <u>Morning News</u> and <u>Today</u> are all about to talk to Arnold Schwarzenegger and I think he's live on at least two of them.
In other times, with other purposes, there might be a band and bunting here at the bus depot for J.D. Singer's return from war.  Last week he was decorated by a president for heroism in a war.  But it was the civil war -- in Angola -- and he was in it for the money.
Oh, you mean use him...That's nice.  Okay.
In other times, for other purposes, there might be a band and bunting here at the bus depot for J.D. Singer's return from war.  He...
No -- Don't worry about it.  Let's do this.
It's an ethnic curl, I can't do anything about it.
Ready.
So I quit.
They told me they'd keep me because they could plug me into any story and my salary was in line.
Thanks.
Okay.  I think I'd better be alone for a while.
Prepare what?  You have Saturday's news handy?
Do it then.
Do one thing to me?  Get me one shot at anchoring the Weekend News -- they've never seen me do it.  I think it could turn them around.
Ah, damn -- the fucking jerks -- My, God.  They want to fire me.
Wait.  Bullshit me a little...I'm beginning to appreciate it.
Just blunt talk, okay?  I'd really appreciate bluntness.
Wipe me out?
Just tell me what's really going on.  I think we know each other well enough for me to expect that.
Outside?
I'll tell you what.  I'll stay if Tom knows how to spell Gaddafi.
That's it.  I resign as of now.
You didn't say anything to her?
I'm gonna go look at it again.
All this business of war -- do you get scared?
It depends on how big a news day it is.
How long has it been since you've been home.
We came from Washington.
Just a few questions?
No.  I think anyone who puckers their lips and presses it against his boss' buttocks and then smooches is an ass kisser.
Take care, Paul.  It takes a certain kind of courage for you to say that in front of the President of the News Division.
Oh, come on -- tell us another.
Norman Rockwell's enduring portrait of a <u>Homecoming</u>  The return of a fighting man has always been one of the more moving ceremonies of war... Tearful women, proud men, excited children.  But J.D. Singer was right -- his homecoming was no big deal.
Oh, that's nice...  We'll need some new lines.
What is she shooting?
