If you ever get restless in Portland, let me know.
It's nice to see you.
Are you any closer to a decision?
I'll see you back at the hotel.
I thought she'd be here.  I'll go with you.
Well, this kid couldn't possibly belong to anyone else.  What's your name?
You know what I...
I'm going to miss you -- you're a prick in a great way...
Yes.  You're not going to stick around for the farewell party?
Hold it down, okay?
I don't think so.
London.
You packing up tonight?
Why?  What did they do to you?
They booted me out of Washington.
No.  Don't worry about it.
Everybody has one like that.  I thought it was great when you started to laugh at the end.
You were smokin' toward the end there.
And the left side of your face is the good one.  Go again.  And try to punch one word or phrase in every sentence -- punch one idea a story.  Punch -- come on --
Don't let your eyes go from the beginning of the sentence to the end like that.  You don't want to look shifty, do you?
No.  No.
I'll find some copy.  Be right back.
No.  That's not going to tell us anything.  Let's get this prompter going.
Sit on it!  <u>Now</u> look.
Your coat jacket is rising up in back.
Wait.
We sure do.  I don't mean it as a knock either.  Go ahead.  I'll just say what I think and you can disregard it if you want.
What's wrong with it?
Fifty, right?
You're feeling good, aren't you?
Yes.
Yes, Aaron.  I know the names of the Cabinet.
Okay, let's drop it.  I didn't mean I'd take a test for you -- I mean if that came up in conversation I'd...
Never to pretend to know more than I did.
I made one rule for myself when this started and I realized I was going to take a lot from you people because of being from sports...
Shut up a second...
I'm not buying into any of that.  I have a load to learn.  I'm not going to act as if...
You know the other day I really wanted your reaction to how we did with the Libyan report -- I was going to ask but I guess I feel a little intimidated with you.
Great.  Network news, Washington... I love it.  What do you do when your real life exceeds your dreams?
What did I do to you?
You want to go out there --  get out of this for a second?
Hi, Aaron...What's doing?
...outlaw nation but strangely those who have interviewed Gaddafi find him, in a phrase we like to use in this country, very 'presidential'.
One source referred to it as a five billion dollar metal sculpture to ugly to look at and too big to bury.
Okay if I watch you tape that interview downstairs?
You're almost there, you can do it -- can do -- can do.
I'll speak to you.
Hey, okay.  Look Buddy -- I've got to go to work.
No.  I'm doing fine...Look.
Oh.
Yes, stop!  I wondered if you could find out anything about what's happening.  What's wrong?
Yes.  You didn't have to come here. It's just that I'm going to anchor this special report on this Libyan thing...
Hey, Buddy, don't do that anymore.
What do you mean?  You're one of the few people in this town I can talk to.
No.  Really...don't worry about it.
That's okay.
Nobody else had it.
Not impressed exactly -- but a break in the clouds.
Thanks a lot, Buddy.
Yes.  How do you know?
What?
I really have to go.
No...no.
Yes.  That's right.
I've been doing some morning show stuff, but mostly radio -- that doesn't bother me.  I'm in no rush for anything.  It's just the snotty attitude, even if I have it coming, it's still...
Follow me.
No, I don't think so.
That would be great.  It better help.  What can you do with yourself if all you do is look good?
Thanks, Dad, this talk helped.  Will you sign it, please?
I'll just have to try harder.  I don't know.  I will.  I will.  I will.  I will.
I got my report card.  Three Cs, two Ds and an incomplete.
It's not.
Proud?  I'm just embarrassed that I like when they say those things.
No.  But, honest.  What are you supposed to say when they keep talking about your looks?  I don't even know what they mean -- "Beat them off with a stick."
No, nothing.  I've got a problem, I guess.
I don't know.
No.  Not even you.
Okay...It's so good to see you.
Well, we should talk.  You going to have time for  dinner?  I'd like you to meet Lila.
What a great surprise.  I didn't think we had a chance.  I heard you wanted to stay in Washington.
A picnic?
Take it easy.
Then you should stay here.
You want to come?
Yes, I am.  Thanks.  I mean it.
What I don't know, I can learn and what I know, nobody can teach. Excuse me for saying it about myself, but I think it's true.  What do you think?  Never mind what you think.
Well, let's do a special report on that...I mean that's news.
You keep coming after me and looking down on me.  It's starting to make me batty.
I'm leaving now.  Gate 43.
This is a one-way argument.  We've got six days; if you go and we fight and we hate it -- we'll come home.  If you don't go?  Well, that's a much bigger deal.  I go to London right after that. So, it'd be very big deal if you stay here.  The plane's boarding.  You're good at deadline.  Here's your ticket.
It's hard not to cross it; they keep moving the little sucker, don't they?
I got promoted for things like that.
Jane, Jane, Jane, Jane, Jane...
We disagree on how God-awful it was.  Why don't you come with me and we can disagree and get a tan at the same time?
I felt funny about it afterwards.  It's verboten, huh?  I thought since I did it for real the first time -- but I get you.  That's not the reason you're not coming?
Why?
Then give me a minute...
That's yes?
Sorry.  I can't stand here feeing bad that I don't feel worse.  This has happened at every station I ever worked for. Look, I think it's crazy for you to come in here tomorrow and start a new job.  I have a week to get to my job.  Let's get the hell away to some island fast and find out how we are together away from this.
Maybe I haven't been here long enough.  But, hey, congratulations on the promotion.
That it would be a treat to make someone like you feel better... He gets like that sometimes.
Yes.  Then he said a really weird thing...
He -- uh -- said he liked you because you looked like you had -- fire and honesty.
Jane, I'm not some chore you have to finish so you can stay on schedule.
Okay.  Good night.
Hello?
I'll see you at the office.  Good night.
I've got my father coming through tomorrow anyway.  I should get some sleep.
No.  That sounds more important. Let's forget about tonight.
Not if you count 'Singing in the Rain.'  Do him a favor and don't treat it like a tragedy.  You want me to talk to him?
I know.  I taped it.
Well, when?
Where are you?
It's not that it's hard.  I just want you to give me a minute to catch up.
Don't run off --  like everything's settled the minute you make up your mind.
I'd like to know.  I'll go along.
That's not it.
What?
I don't remember saying anything like that -- exactly...I don't know why I just did.
Because you're nuts.
You just can't stop editing me. Huh?
Why can't I let go of this woman?
You okay?
You're not going to take off on me, are you?
Suppose I go in for a little while and you wait in the lobby-bar.  How's that?
Me!
It's incredible who's here.
Yeah.
So what did you think?
I like you as much as I can like anyone who thinks I'm an asshole.
We can go together.
Maybe I'll get off work.  I'd like to go.
No.  Were you going to you?
No.  Are you going to the Correspondents' Dinner on Saturday?
What pills did you take?  You sound more like someone on a general anesthetic.  Maybe I'd better speak to you tomorrow.
It's not important.
Yes.
I'm not sure I dialed right -- Jane?
If I tell you, can you manage not to put it down or tell me why it won't work or is in bad journalistic taste or anything like that?
I just read about it in a magazine and it affected me.
Believe me, I wouldn't be doing this unless it was absolutely necessary. I have an idea for something.
I'm going to have to do a story from beginning to end on my own.
Too many smart people in one room -- it's not healthy...
Maybe we could just sit here -- talk a little?
Do I have to stand here in the middle and meet them all?
I'm not sure I'd be good company tonight.
Jennifer, you want to have another drink?
There's no gang in there -- We were the last ones.
I didn't think you'd make it.
I'll wait for you till seven.
Jane?
You have to celebrate with me, don't you?  Everybody's going to that bar on the corner, 'Caps.'
Indescribable -- you knew just when to feed me the next thing, just a split second before I needed it.  There was a rhythm we got into, like great sex.
You're an amazing woman.  What a feeling having you inside my head.
George Weln is at the Pentagon where the attack launched by the lone Libyan pilot has resulted in a massive movement of military might.
Excited.
You okay?
You're great at taking the edge off a good time.
At work there's always this sort of film over you.
It's the firs time I've seen you dressed like this.  You look so clean and pretty.
Okay, billion...right, of course. They told me I could have any producer I wanted -- and I want you.
The House Armed Service Committee has a secret report which says that the General Stillwell tank the Army has dumped a fortune into plain won't work.  I have it cold, confirmed.  They have five million dollars in this thing already.
I've got another story.
Ah, I don't want any credit.  Bobbie and I serve anonymously.
So he was indicted?
Okay.
Can I buy you dinner sometime soon?
Hi.
And it has nothing to do with the fact I left your room instead of staying there?
You  make me nervous.  Anyway if I can pick your brain --
I thought you were incredible in there. I know how much I have to learn.  I'd really -- a lot -- appreciate it...if...
I can't believe I'm really here.  No kidding.  If you're through work now --
I'm sorry if I was in the way.  It was totally impressive.  Great piece.
They said it would be okay if...
Those audition tapes I sent out... I've been hired by your network for the Washington bureau.  So I'll probably see you at work.  Sorry.
I never told you the reason I was telling you everything for.
Whoa, this was a mistake.
Uh-huh.
One year...almost one year.
But that didn't stop me from sending out audition tapes to bigger stations and the networks.
I don't write.
I didn't even have the chance to get really good at sports.  I wasn't bad. I thought I was starting to do interesting features but hockey is big at the station and...
Listen to me.  You keep on thinking I'm somebody ho lacks...confidence. That's not it.  I know I can talk well enough and I'm not bad at making contact with people, but I don't like the feeling that I'm pretending to be a reporter.  And half the time I don't really get the news I'm talking about.  It isn't that I'm down on myself.  Trust me, I stink.
Except I'm no good at what I'm being a success at.
No, I really got this job on a fluke and wait till you hear where it ends up.
Yes, sure.
That actually goes on...
Totally understood.  Totally wrong of me to talk shop after the day you've had.  Totally sorry.
I haven't been in news that long. I've just been looking for the right person to talk to.  I have about two thousand questions for you.
I kept thinking what a great break it was for me to get to see you tonight.  More than a great break, maybe just what I needed...just when I needed it...Angel of mercy -- godsend...lifesaver...what?
I was a lot earlier.
Well, they say if you can reach even one person, it means something... And you did that.
I just wanted to tell you  how great you were.  My name's Tom Grunick.
I'm not knocking it.  It's a great solution.  Not only the storage but you can see everything you have.
Where's the bathroom?
It would never occur to me to worry at all about you.
This is my first time at the White House. Is there any chance to look at where he works and the rest of it?
Look, I'm junior man -- and it's your beat.
So he bought this Peugeot sedan at a greatly reduced price while he was there in charge of the White House Advance Team.
...that way we have someplace to go when we cut.  And I just sit here, I nod my head and look nerdy.
I just need you for another minute now, so we can shoot from behind towards me, and, um...
Don't be silly.  What are you sorry about?
Are you okay?
That's enough.  That's enough.
