This? How long have you been smoking?
It's a picture of a cancer-ridden lung. Keep it.
It's cheaper than cigarettes. And it certainly beats this.
It's never too late. Give those cigarettes back now, and buy some gum instead.  Here. Chewlies Gum. Try this.
He smoked until the day he died. Used to put the cigarette in this thing and smoke it that way.
It's a trach ring. It's what they install in your throat when throat cancer takes your voice box. This one came out of a sixty-year-old man.
You think I'm shitting you...
That's your lung. By this time, your lung looks like this.
I'd say you're about nineteen, twenty, am I right?
How long have you been smoking?
Do you really want to buy those cigarettes?
Are you sure?
Are you sure?
The ones in this town, yes! You encourage their growth, their habit. You're the source in this area, and we're going to shut you down for good! For good, cancer-merchant!
What better place than this? To stamp it out, you gotta start at the source!
We're not moving! We have a right, a constitutional right, to assemble and be heard!
You're the disturbance, pal! And here...  I'm buying some... what's this?... Chewlie's Gum. There. I'm no longer loitering. I'm a customer, a customer engaged in a discussion with other customers.
You want me to leave? Why? Because somebody is telling it like it is? Somebody's giving these fine people a wake-up call?!
Now he's going to launch into his rap about how he's just doing his job; following orders.  Friends, let me tell you about another bunch of hate mongers that were just following orders: they were called Nazis, and they practically wiped a nation of people from the Earth... just like cigarettes are doing now! Cigarette smoking is the new Holocaust, and those that partake in the practice of smoking or sell the wares that promote it are the Nazis of the nineties! He doesn't care how many people die from it! He smiles as you pay for your cancer sticks and says, "Have a nice day."
Okay. I'm sorry about that.
No, I think I'll drink it in here, thanks.
You've made a wise choice. Keep up the good work.
This is where you're heading. A cruddy lung, smoking through a hole in your throat. Do you really want that?
How long have you been a smoker?
Do you mind if I drink this here?
