Fuck you.
And having him tell me... that was just the weakest move ever. You're spineless.
Of course not; not now! You're caught, and now you're trying to snake out of doing what you wanted to do. Well, I won't let you. I want you to follow through on this, just so you can find out what a fucking idiot you are. And when she dumps you again- and she will, Dante, I promise you that-when she dumps you again, I want to laugh at you, right in your face, just so you realize that that was what you gave up our relationship for!  I'm just glad Randal had the balls to tell me, since you couldn't.
You don't know what you want, but I'm not going to sit here anymore holding your hand until you figure it out! I've encouraged you to get out of this fucking dump and go back to school, to take charge of your life and find direction. I even transferred so maybe you would be more inclined to go back to college if I was with you. Everyone said it was a stupid move, but I didn't care because I loved you and wanted to see you pull yourself out of this senseless funk you've been in since that whore dumped you, oh so many years ago. And now you want to go back to her so she can fuck you over some more?
You're damn right it's not like that! Because I won't let it be like that! You want your slut? Fine!  The slut is yours!
Explain what? How you were waiting until the time was right, and then you were going to dump me for her?
I'm not the one trying to patch things up with my ex, sneaking around behind your back! And if you think that thirty-seven dicks are a lot, then just wait, mister: I'm going to put the hookers in Times Square to shame with all the guys I go down on now!
And then you pull that shit this morning, freaking out because I've gone down on a couple guys!
You've been talking to her on the phone for weeks!
If you didn't want to go out with me anymore, why didn't you just say it? Instead, you pussyfoot around and see that slut behind my back!
Good.  I'll see you when you close, then. Enjoy the lasagne.
Eight. But I have a sorority meeting till nine, so I'll be back before you close. Can we go out and get some coffee?
Bummer, Well, I've gotta head back for the one-thirty class.
You couldn't get these shutters open?
Thank you for being rational.
The ostrich syndrome: if you don't see it...
And that made you feel better?
What did he say?
You had to tell him.
I'm glad you've calmed down a bit.  Hi, Randal.
Peanut butter and jelly with the crusts cut off. What do you think it is? It's lasagne.
Lit 101 got canceled, so I stopped home and brought you some lunch.
Goodbye, Dante.
I'm going to school. Maybe later you'll be a bit more rational.
I love you. Don't feel sick.
Because going down it's a big deal! I used to like a guy, we'd make out, and sooner or later I'd go down on him. But I only had sex with the guys I loved.
...And one of those guys was you! The last one, I might add, which-if you're too stupid to comprehend- means that I've been faithful to you since we met! All the other guys I went with before I met you, so, if you want to have a complex about it, go ahead!  But don't look at me like I'm the town whore, because you were plenty busy yourself, before you met me!
Yeah, I went down on a few guys...
Hey listen, jerk! Until today you never even knew how many guys I'd slept with, because you never even asked. And then you act all nonchalant about fucking twelve different girls. Well, I never had sex with twelve different guys!
I'm going to class.
Um. Thirty-seven.
Lower your voice!
Something like thirty-six.
All right! Shut up a second and I'll tell you! Jesus! I didn't freak like this when you told me how many girls you fucked.
Let it go...
Dante...
Please calm down.
I'm sorry, Dante. I thought you understood.
Because I did only sleep with three guys! That doesn't mean I didn't just go with people.
We went out a few times. We didn't have sex, but we fooled around.
That's because I never had sex with him!
Yeah. How do you think I know he liked...
I'm serious...
Sylvan? No; I snowballed him.
Why do you say that?
He gets off on it.
After he gets a blow job, he likes to have the cum spit back into his mouth while kissing. It's called snowballing.
Sylvan made it up. It's a blow job thing.
Unlike you, I have a class in forty- five minutes.
It's important to me, Dante. You have so much potential that just goes to waste in this pit. I wish you'd go back to school.
To school. There's a seminar about getting back into a scholastic program after a lapse in enrollment.
I want you to come with me on Monday.
After dropping a bombshell like that, you owe me. Big.
Vegetable meaning paraplegic.
I am. And that's why you should feel like a pig. You men make me sick. You'll sleep with anything that says yes.
John Franson and Rob Stanslyk.
You!
I'm not the pig you are.
Three including you.
Three.
Do you know how many different men I've had sex with?
You're a pig.
You've slept with twelve different girls?
It better be up to and including me.
We might have; I don't remember. How many?
How many girls have you slept with?
How many?
You were making a generalization about "broads!"
I'm astonished to hear you trivialize my role in our sex life.
I'm insulted. Believe me, Don Juan, it takes more than that to get a guy off. Just "being there"-as you put it-is not enough.
And I actually date you?
Oh, you think so?
How flattering.
"Be there?"
You show some bedroom proficiency, and you think you're gods. What about what we do for you?
Typically male point of view.
I was kidding.
Ooh! Can we?!
Do you think anyone can see us down here?
Honesty through paranoia. Why do you smell like shoe polish?
How do you know they're taking the right amount of change? Or even paying for what they take?
You're trusting.
How much money did you leave up there?
She called you, didn't she?
Who's fighting? Why are you so defensive?
What were you doing?
What were you doing up so late?
You look bushed. What time did you get to bed?
You're kidding.
Why don't you open the shutters and get some sunlight in here?
Why did you agree to come in then?
Don't you have a hockey game at two?
I know. I stopped by your house and your mom said you left at like six or something.
All I'm saying is that if you're unhappy you should leave.
Then quit. You should be going to school anyway...
At least they weren't lit.
All right, stupid question. But don't you think you're taking this a bit too hard?
I'm going to have a word with that asshole.
After all that I've done for that fuck! And he wants to be with that slut? Fine! He can have his slut!
No, I'm more furious. I'm pissed off. I feel like he's been killing time while he tries to grow the balls to tell me how he really feels, and then he can't even do it!  He has his friend do it for him!
I'm not sad.
I... I don't know what to say.
And... he told you all of this?
Bye  That was Snowball.
I will. Take it easy.
I just talked to her on Monday. We still hang out on weekends.
No, I transferred into Monmouth this year. I was tired of missing him.
No, I'm just visiting my man.  Dante, this is Willam Black.  This is Dante Hicks, my boyfriend.
Willam!
