I no gotta new-rosis.  My uncle he's- a got a flower shop -- he's-a gotta new-rosis.
What's the matter with you?
He could be playing solitaire, but I don't think so.
I wanna powder my nose...
Never mind His Excellency -- you gotta your pocketbook?
Sure.
Fine.  We gotta him.
Yes, one gross of bullets, two dozen hand-grenades, three kegs of powder -- and throw in some matches.
That's-a pretty good.  I'll take a dozen of them.
Oh, sure.  We have horse maneuvers every morning.
That's all right -- our men can ride your horses.
I've gotta five thousand men but no horses.
We gotta two battalions and one Frenchman.
No. Seventy-five -- seventy-five.
That's all right.  We let you have twenty-five thousand men -- and we both start even.
Well, we gotta one hundred thousand men.
Yes, but I'm not working for you any more.  I'm on the other side.
I can't do it...
You no gotta no gun.
I don't know about us, but I know he's-a got something...
He's going to make a good spy... that's not bad for the first day.
We've gotta have somebody who knows how to get secrets from men.  You know how to make love?
Sure, we gotta have a spy.  If we no got a spy who's gonna tell the other side what we're doing?
Send in the next girl.
I think we oughtta have a standing army, so we can save money on chairs.
You told it to me.
She did.
He's-a very easy to insult --  I say something to his niece once, and he slapped my face.
That's a-no good.  If I apologize we no got a war.  Look -- I send you a scrap of paper.  You send me a scrap of paper -- and we have a scrap.
You was insulted, but you don't know it.
That's a-no good.  You gotta insult somebody from another country.  Look --  I come from one country.  You come from another country.  I say something you don't like.  You say something I don't like - and I'm insulted.
Sure, that's easy.  You gotta insult somebody.
I don't want to buy ammunition -- we no gotta war.
What do I get?
'At's-a fine.
Look, I'm a very nervous man.  I gotta have a job where I come to work at eleven -- go to lunch at twelve -- and quit at one.  And twice a year I gotta have a six month vacation.
I don't wanna stick out my tongue.
I don't wanna work at all.
That's no good.  I like to work on the outside.  I must have something easy.
What other job you got?
Hello...  Yes...  No, not yet... All right...  Goodbye.  That was for you again.  He wants you to call him up as soon as you get back.
Oh, no -- nothing doing.  I had a brother who was a vice-president once and that's the last we ever heard of him.
No, but I shot some ducks.
'At's-a no good.  I went to Niagara Falls once.
Sure.  How much does the job pay?  Sure, if there's a chance for advancement.
Oh no, I can't do it.
That was for you.
He only weighs ten ounces --
I don't want him.
Yankee Poodle.
I don't call him, I whistle.
Yeh, he's only got one eye.
He's half poodle and half watch dog -
He used to be a bloodhound but he's anemic --
No, but my dog he's a got millions of them --
All right -
I can't do it right away.
That's easy, I'll get him for you wholesale.
All right -- I'll go out and find one.
He's working very hard - I got him a job driving Firefly's car - He's-a driving him crazy and I'm driving him nuts - P-E-A-N-U-T-S
How'm I doing, boss?
