They think I should - They think I should - They think I should - They think I should be king.
King Solomon was game he gave each Girl his name to number them would make a list that long I'll bet his thousand wives led miserable lives if the king can do no wrong.
Suppose a pretty dame Into my castle came - And let us say that I was going strong.  She might be stuck on me, but what good would it be, if the king can do no wrong.
Of course you're All aware a king must have an heir some one to pass the family name along will some one tell me where I'd ever get an heir if a king can do no wrong
And wear a crown and everything.
From what I have been gathering, I think they think I should be king: I think they think I should be king!
Gloria, much as I hate to leave, I'd be crazy to stay here.
They'll know I mean business then they get that letter...  see that that gets out immediately and that goes for you too.
Eureka Ammunition Company -- Gentlemen -- Your shipment of sailor hats arrived this morning by freight --  Gloria, I could go for you in a big way --  However, the rifles you sent were a little rusty --  -- and I don't say that to everybody --  Have not received last month's drawing account.  How come?  Your neck is like a swan...  Yours very truly.  Now read it back.
None of your business...  Take another letter.
Take a letter...
We'll start a fire --  -- and get rid of these microbes.
In case of fire, how long will it take to empty this place?
Never mind then, I'll get in touch with him myself -
He won't eh? - We'll see about that - send for your father immediately.
Go out and chase that peanut vendor away from the building -- Get rid of him if you have to use violence - if necessary call out the militia and if he isn't looking get me a bag of peanuts.
Send for my car...
You do and I'll fire you.
Dear Sir... enclosed find check for $100.  Yours very truly...  Send that immediately.
Take another letter...  to my tailor.
That's what I wanted in the first place.  Tear it up and send it airmail.
You can't say that to the President... Put back "President"... Now let's hear how sounds.
Now we're on the right track... Put back "dear"... How does it read?
There's still something wrong with it... take out "President" ...now what've you got?
That's not right yet... put back "President" and take out "dear"... How does it read now?
That doesn't sound right...  take out "President"...  now read it.
My dear President...  read it back...
The President of the United States.
Take a letter.
Well, with you two fellows on the other side, this country should have no trouble keeping the wolf from the door.
So! -- He's on your side, too.
Fine.  We'll throw in the matches before we make the delivery.  By the way, how're you fixed for spys?
Anything else?
With a gun like that you can kill some of your own men.
Not a bad idea.  If our horses get tired they can ride your men for a change.  Now, I don't mind letting you have our horses, but you must promise to put them through their maneuvers.
That's funny, we've got five thousand horses but no men.
I wish you were still working for me, so I could ask you to resign. How're ya fixed for cavalry?
Well, we'll let that one go.  Now -- how many battalions you got?
That's the spirit -- fifty-fifty.
That's not fair -- we've only got fifty thousand.
Now -- how many men you got in your army?
Is that so?  I used to think you were two-faced - but you can't be - or you wouldn't be wearing that one. Now - let's talk this thing over.
Why not?  You're the Secretary of War, aren't you?
Late again, eh?  You haven't been on time once since this war started...  Get out there and fight...
Who said I had a gun... Gimme those plans, you paper snatchers --
You're right about that guy -- I think we've got something.
That's not bad for any day.
I'm glad I didn't ask you for "Washington Crossing the Delaware".
By the way, are you sure we need a spy?
Wait a minute.  What kind of an army do you think we oughtta have?
Oh, yes, I remember -- and I should have slapped Mrs. Teasdale's face when she told it to me... I'm going right out and find Trentino.  You go right out and get yourself an army.
You're lucky I don't slap your face -- you oughtta be ashamed of yourself. Where did you hear that story?
What did you say to her?
Why didn't his niece slap your face?
You've got a brain after all - and how you get along without it is amazing to me -- Now, who can I insult?...  Who do we owe money to?...  AMBASSADOR TRENTINO!  How about him?
Then I demand an apology!
Why wasn't I insulted?
My card.
Then we've gotta start one. Do you know how to start a war?
You get half mine and I get half yours.
You know, I'd be lost without a telephone.  Now - where were we? Oh, yes - I just made you Secretary of War.  The first thing you do is buy ammunition -- you buy it from me and I get 10% commission.
I've got just the job for you -- Secretary of War.
Well, if you wanna work in the post- office you'll have to stick out your tongue.
In that case you'll have to take a civil service examination --  if you pass I'll put you in the post-office -- stick out your tongue.
Then you don't wanna work hard?
Let's see -- What've I got in my cabinet besides mice --  I've got it -- how would you like to be Secretary of the Interior?
I don't know what's keeping me.  I should've been here a long time ago. Now how about my proposition?
Well, maybe he's still the vice- president.  Now if I were to offer you --
If there was an open season for fellows like you, I'd get myself a hunting license.   Anyway, I'm going to make you a sporting proposition. You give up the peanut stand and I'll make you vice-president of the country.
Did you shoot the rapids?
You wouldn't consider going over Niagara Falls without a barrel?
You don't want to be a public nuisance, do you?
I'm sorry I'm not in.  I wanted to have a long talk with you...  Now look here, my good man, you've got to stop yelling "peanuts" in front of the House of Representatives.
I can use you in the House of Representatives.  We need a man who understands dogs -- and that's where this country is going to.  Step inside.
Well, if you don't want your dog why don't you put him in a pound?
I've got just the place for a man like you but I'm too busy right now to do any digging.  What do you call your dog when you want him?
What do you whistle?
I don't know much about dogs but you ought to be on the end of a leash - a ninety-nine year leash -  Look - what do you call your dog?
Half watch dog?
Well - what is he now?
What kind of a dog is he?
Have you got a license?
Hey you!!
The population must increase With great rapidity.  We give a couple seven years To raise a family. If, by that time, there is no branch Upon the family tree, we stand 'em up against the wall - and Pop goes the Weasel.
If any man should come between A husband and his bride, We find out which one she prefers By letting her decide.  If she prefers the other man, The husband steps outside; We stand him up against the wall And Pop goes the Weasel!
I will not stand for anything that's crooked or unfair; I'm strictly on the up and up, So everyone beware. If anyone's caught taking graft And I don't get my share, we'll stand 'em up against the wall - and pop goes the weasel!
If any form of pleasure is exhibited Report to me and it will be prohibited.  I'll put my foot down; So shall it be - This is the land of the free.  The last man nearly ruined this place He didn't know what to do with it.  If you think this country's bad off now Just wait 'till I get through with it.  The treasury is low on dough; The last man went and flew with it.  If you think we're short of money now Just wait 'till I get through with it.  The country's taxes must be fixed - And I know what to do with it, If you think you're paying too much now, Just wait 'till I get through with it.
If chewing gum is chewed, The chewer is pursued And in the hoosegow hidden...
Tired!  I'd like to stretch this into a week -
Not at all.  When I was a boy back on the farm I used to pump my own water.
This is a fine thing to be doing at my age.
Yes, but I'll talk to you about that when we're alone...
You keep that up and you'll crab the whole war.
You couldn't hang me in your bedroom -- I'll make a note of it.  Where's my secretary?
I still like UPSTART the best.
That's it...
No... it was a seven letter word.
No, that wasn't it...
I don't remember.
Nothing doing!!  I've taken a lease on the battlefield.  I'd lose my deposit, besides, I've already ordered the ammunition...
Forget?  You ask me to forget... Why, my ancestors would rise from their graves... and I'd only have to bury them again... A Firefly never forgets...
THEN IT'S WAR!
How're ya fixed for ammunition?
Then it's war?
That's it!  No man lives who can call a Firefly an upstart.
Once more!
Give me that again!
That's what you think.
Well, why not say the least and get it over with?
What can this mug offer you?  Wealth and family.  I can't give you wealth...  ...but we can have a little family of our own.
When you get through with her feet, you can start on mine.  I haven't been to a chiropodist in two years...  If that's not an insult, I don't know what is.  Gloria, I love you.  I --
And Vera niece, too.
Go ahead.
Why yes.  I met you at the dog races -- say, you could have won that race if you tried a little harder.
I'll tell you what I'll do.  I'll give you Mrs. Teasdale as security.  or my jackknife.  If you want my advice, you'll take the jackknife... I've a better proposition...  Make it $25 and I'll give you a first mortgage on my son and I hope you foreclose.
Well, in the meantime, could you let me have $50 personally?
I'll keep the greetings -- but you can send back the good will... what we need right now is twenty million dollars.
That's even a greater honor.
You know I think they think I should be king.  Although it would please me to govern the throng, suppose I were king and then everything went wrong.
You satisfied your selfish whims, while nations tottered, dynasties rocked and the world plunged headlong into a chasm of chaos and oblivion --  Not bad, eh?
THIS IS TREASON!!  What a fool I was to listen to your siren song and fall a helpless victim under the insidious spell of your irresistible charms --
Don't bother me - I'm thinking -- What was that?
WHAT  ?
That's all right.  I'll fix you right up.
Take a seat -- you're next.
You can call me Gloria too.  Gloria -- what a beautiful name.  When I was born my mother named me Gloria -- two minutes later she found out her mistake...
Gloria -- may I call you Gloria?
Well -- they might come better but they don't come any bigger... and the bigger the better.  The bigger the betta you've got on a horse, the more you lose, and speaking about horses, why don't you marry me. Come, come -- say yes and you'll never see me again.  I'll go 'way if it means your happiness...
Guard them with your life... don't leave them out of your sight...  If the enemy gets those papers  we're lost.  If they don't get them, we're lost.  Can't you see what I'm trying to tell you?  I love you...   Mrs. Teasdale, you're the salt of the earth.  They don't come any better than you...
Well, maybe I am a little headstrong...  But, you know, it's awfully hard to forget what he called me.
Let him patch up his own breeches...
So -- you've come to ask for clemency! I'll give the enemy no quarter -- not a dime...
I wouldn't know what to say either if I was in your place.  Maybe you can suggest something.
All I can offer you is a Rufus over your head.
He did?... I told my son not to leave it laying around... Where is son?
I wrote a speech last night that'll knock them off their seats...  Four score and seven years ago, our fathers brought forth on this continent a new nation --
That's what I get for dressing in a hurry.
These are the laws of my administration: No one's allowed to smoke or tell a dirty joke -- And whistling is forbidden...
Well, a gal a day is enough for me. I couldn't handle any more.
You're not so bad yourself, Mrs. Teasdale, when I look at you I can see that we're facing a crisis. We've got to balance the budget -- we've got to cut down everything including, you.
No wonder he passed away.  I'd like to be with you to the very end. Can't you see what I'm trying to tell you -- I love you.
I haven't been on the job five minutes and already she's making advances to me.  Not that I care -- but where is your husband?
Well, I won't stand for much.  And I won't stand for you if you don't show some improvement soon.  Look at your report card last month -- "D" in spelling...  six in behavior. Now who were the six?  A fine state of affairs -- no wonder you can't matriculate, now what were you saying?
You can keep it -- I've got a whole pack...  Now what were you saying?
