Well is there anyone else here that might have seen him?
You sure he isn't out back?  You mind if I go take a look?
Have you seen a little dog?  Kind of a cockapoo lookin' thing.  About this big.
Harp, let me tell you something.  I was an agent in this bureau when your mommy was still wiping your shinny pink ass, and you know one thing I learned in all those years that you still haven't?
Look, Harp.  Don't turn him over to the uniforms like some punk.  Let me ride him in.
Yeah, I get it.  Time to play let's dick the old guys, huh, Harp?
Cole and Munoz?  I been on this case for two years.
What?  Now I'm working the drop car? Who's handling the scene here?
Kid, get outta the way!!
Figured you did.
Nothing?
They took a left at the next light!
That place up the street has meatball sandwiches.  Get me two.
Time for lunch.
Look, we handle it ourselves, for right now, okay?  We cover the bank, whatever.  You and me.  That way if nothing happens, or more accurately, when nothing happens... I don't get my tits any further into the wringer than they already are.
Sure.  No problem.  I'll just call up and tell him his favorite agent saw this one surfer moon another surfer yesterday and it looked real suspicious.  Shit, he'll probably call out the National Guard.
They're on their way to Maui.
Last time you got a feeling I had to kill a man, which I always hate because it looks bad on the report.
Did he rob it?
This Zen master surfer.
Johnny!  Uh, you, uh... should call first, you know?  Hey, where the hell were you all day?  You gotta at least call in or something.  You okay?
Nice tattoo, Dietz.
Awright.  Get into position.  I'm rolling.
Cole and Munoz are going in the back door.  Babbit is backing me.  So I want you at the side window by the hedge.  You're strictly backup, got it?
Did that worthless punk partner of mine ever show up?
He's pushing it through first thing. You better get some sleep tonight, it could be an interesting morning.
Remember, all bank robbers are losers, but not all losers are bank robbers.
Look, if you're gonna go leavin' your piece and your shield in the car, you can damn well stay in sight.  Okay?
Thanks, buddy.
Patience hotshot.  Patience.  It'll be subtle, if it's here at all.
No.  But let's do it, anyway.  It's gonna bug the shit out of Harp.
Guy's the Toxic Avenger.
Johnny, all I can say is we better come up with something real soon.
What, you couldn't have just left the thing in your car?
I think you gotta hit them straight on!
It's all balance, right?  And coordination.  How hard can it be?
They're like some kind of tribe. Got their own language.  You can't just walk up to these guys.  You've got to get out there.  Learn some moves.  Get into their head.  Pick up the speech.
Johnny, it's the only way.
Another month and we don't see 'em again 'til next summer.
Surfers use it on their boards. They rub sand into it for traction.
The lab made three possible matches, this was one of 'em.
Shutup, you might learn somethin' you're not careful... So last year Nixon scuffs a counter going over. There was a soil sample.  Non- specific mud traces of asphalt, oils, blah, blah... sand and... carnuba wax.  So I became a wax expert.  There's 80 some uses for this stuff, something like five hundred products.
The fucking punks are surfers.
Yeah.  That was thirty years ago anyway.  L.A.'s changed a lot since then. The air got dirty and the sex got clean.  So you want to nail the Ex- Presidents?  Be a big hero?
You watch your fucking mouth!  Mr. Hoover himself pinned the Seal of Honor right here!
Forget about it, kid.  They're ghosts.  Let the goddamn yuppie Mormon affirmative action assholes handle it.  See I'm almost 55... so I must be senile, right?  They better get me out before I start pissing myself in public.  Drooling. It would look bad for the Bureau, right?
You through, Mr. Wizard?  Let me know if you find Jimmy Hoffa under the seat while you're at it.  Hell, it's only 7:30.  The night's still young... you can solve this case and start on another one.
The Ex-Presidents are the best I've seen, kid.
Reagan usually drives.  Stolen switch car, they leave it running at the curb, looks parked from a distance.  When they run, they dump the vehicle and vanish.  And I mean vanish.
Never go for the vault.  They never get greedy.
Yeah, they control the room well. Stick strictly to the cash drawers.
Welcome to Sea World, kid.
Pappas.  Angelo Pappas.
Added to which indignity, I got three months left to retirement and they saddle me with some blue-flamer fresh out of Quantico for a partner. Some quarterback punk, Johnny Unitas or something.
