Now you tell us.
This is healing?
Jim Younger, I told you--
Tom, I'm this close to coming with you...
You can ride like that?
It's tougher than it looks.
Things changed when you quit the gang. For example, I'm now the one who says "Let's ride."
I'm sorry, Cole.
Swear on Jimmy's grave.
Swear.
WHAT HAVE YOU DONE?!
What have you done?
Cole, we're outlaws. Not exactly the most respectable job, if you know what I mean.
That was because of... the reputation the gang had.
This is the best score yet.
What?
Frankly, yes. I'm feeling a little left out.
Say we bust into a bank. We yell "We're the Younger-James Gang!" People are gonna be thinking, "The younger James Gang? Is there an older James Gang? How come we never heard of the older James gang?" So people are trying to figure that out instead of raising their arms.
No, Jimmy has a point. The Younger-James Gang could be confusing.
Uhh, yeah it does.
Better pass them over here before something happens to 'em.
The sheriff says it was a gang of drunk Kansas boys.
Zee, I'm pleased you came.
Your Ma wouldn't let us leave until we ate something.
Anywhere nobody's shooting at me is pretty.
He's smiling.
Dammit, this stopped being fun about two years ago!
Tomorrow.
They said because the detectives were working for the Department of the Interior --
He just lost his temper a little.
They came up, made the same offer they made you folks. Our little brother Jim tried to chase 'em off, one of those detectives hit him in the head, knocked him out. Cole lost his temper.
Cole, I want to get to the farm, make sure Little Jim and the girls are okay.
... Will Perry ...
Then I love it.
Corn gonna shoot at me?
Well, somebody better go tell THE DAMN YANKEES!
My plan of lying here pissing myself seems to be working mighty fine, thank you.
Listen, he's my brother and I don't want to start trouble...
He's planning a job.
Listen, Jesse, we've got a problem.  It's Cole.
The things a fella has to do to get a little respect around here...
Yes. I am obviously not standing out in people's minds at the robberies.
You heard me, Jesse. You know how crazy I get!
One false move and I'll blow your heads off!
Hey!
Well, no, Jesse, it was the bank's. That's why we had to go to all that trouble of stealing it.  You explain it to him.
But if we take their money and supplies...
Not yet. But I'm hoping.
Two.
Best damn plan I heard all war.
