He's not bad at it.
You're just upset about Jesse. We all are.
I swear --
Bob. I didn't...
I ain't done --
How'd they --
Leave me alone, Bob.
As long as people think Jesse's still riding, we will never get the respect we deserve.
It's still taking too long. The people used to snap to.
That's what the newspapers say. Weren't for Jesse James, this gang wouldn't be able to find a goat's ass with a stick.
We got a problem here, brother?
How?
You stay out of this, Bob.
These are deeds and mortgages of farms the bank was holding for the railroad.
I say we ride into town and kill us some Pinkertons and railroad men.
Our place, Clell Miller's, Sammy Johnston, the Creeders. Will Hite.
Here's Liberty's favorite son!  I'll never forget what you did, cousin.
That was two hours ago.
Never thought that pissant town would look so pretty.
Never a good thing.
Gatling! They've got a Gatling!
We didn't. Zerelda did. Turns out your wife makes a hell of an outlaw.
You know, you gettin' caught, right after leaving us, some people thought --
Missed you, cousin.
WHAT?! We follow you for a year, and now that our blood's been spilled, you're gonna quit?!
We'll make them pay for this.
Bob, rip up some bandages.
Clell, Tom, go get Doc Mimms in Liberty!
Dammit!
You'll be smiling once you've got all that money to spend, cousin.  Cole Younger's going to make everybody rich!
Then let me run the show, General Lee.
I'm the better soldier, Jesse.
That's it.
I got us through the War all right.
Now the one time one of us comes up with an idea --
I've robbed just as many banks as you have! I know this town, and I know this bank, and I say it's an easy job.
If you'd read about it first, you'd have no problems.
It'll be the biggest score yet.
This is your fault for hogging all the publicity.
Why aren't we the "Younger-James Gang"? I mean, there's three Younger brothers and only two James brothers here.
All the posters and newspapers are calling this bunch the "James-Younger Gang."
Jesse, we got to have a word.
Twenty?!
It's not a bank.
Just because he reads all those books and knows all those big words doesn't make him smart.
I got three.
Don't let it happen again.
The James-Younger Gang.
Let's ride.
I'll pick the first job! I mean... I know a girl down at the bank. See if she can't get a list of towns where the railroad keeps its money.
So what do we do, General Lee?
Because we were good at it?  Hell, we were great at it. Jesse, don't tell anyone I said this, because everybody knows I'm the toughest man in this town, but you are one terrifying sonofabitch with those guns.
It was exciting.
After all you did on our farm?  You miss it, don't you Jesse?
She was European!
She got two of them.
What is wrong with you?
You're not scared, are you?
Planting corn. Harvesting corn. Year after year.
Where you boys going?
Suit yourself. We'll have some horses waiting for you at the road.  Let's ride, Rangers!
Ride with me, cousin?
'Bout time you got here, buddy.
Well?
Tom, why don't you stop at our spread before you head on out to the reservation? Figure we might have some work for you, if you want.
Wait'll we get back to Missouri, start telling those gals about how little Jesse James charged the whole Union Army by himself!
Some Indian tracker you turned out to be, Tom.
They gonna rush us?
Oh, you're in charge? We ain't partners any more, Jesse? You tell Cole Younger where and when to ride?
-- Exactly. Because this is a war.
Hey! We decide something, that's it! We're in this for the long haul, and this idea of me and Jesse's will help give us more places to hide out without worrying about some farmer with a shotgun sneakin' up on us in our sleep. We've got to think --
BASTARDS! Come back here and face me!
Ah.
I have no idea what you just said, but it sounded real nice.
Sadie was not a man!
Which one, right or left?
What the --
Both would be nice.
OPEN THE DAMN SAFE!
This here is the Younger Gang!
What?
The safe. Now.
