The Army can hang him.
Damn!
Oh no...
Stop by our spread after that, tell our Ma we're all right. We'll go to Doc Mimms.
Jesus mercy, that's Charlie Higgins, Dave Laller ...
Nope.
Yesterday.
I can hit those boys from here. We just need a distraction.
They're just insurance in case we run.
Another dozen out back.
Cole, he didn't mean that.
Jesse.
Strategically.
Get buckets!
Shakespeare.  He's European.
Oh, Lord, the dance hall girl at Bunty's...
The brown one.
I think one of 'em's glass.
Must be a garrison in town. We're in occupied territory, boys.
Soon as I hit one, the other'll know and beat us up.
Cannon or Gatling?
Hell, they hardly even noticed us.
I'll meet you down there in a few weeks.
I'm sure it seemed like a good idea at the time.
Yeah.
Railroad burned him out too. You couldn't have stopped him.
Jim was old enough...
Got any ideas, little brother?
No, I --
Just do me a favor. Think about what this is costing everybody. Not just the railroad.
We're drunk.
A better life than the one you could have had with Zee?
Maybe it started out that way. But now...
I can't quit and leave you alone. I can't quit until you quit. Ma would've wanted it that way.
If I could go back to farming --
It got to you, didn't it. All the killing in the war. You need it now.
Jesse, we're outlaws.
Pardon the delay, folks, but we had to get Mad Bob Younger under control!
The posters?
Gents, we are in the middle of something here.
It's the scientific method. It's all the rage.
And it's guarded by Pinkerton detectives.
And that's why you both lead the gang. Two of you went into that bank together, right?
We're gonna have to talk...
How'd it go in there?
Didn't think you would.  I'm going to go make the coffin.
... We could move on. Rebuild. Make a decent life someplace else.
Pinkertons. It's the railroad.
You're looking a bit more spry now that somebody --
Would you get in the carriage? Until Ma has you home so she can fuss over you herself, she's gonna make me miserable.
You ready to stop loafing around with this young lady and get back to farming?
I went up to the courthouse and looked at the right of way documents for the rail bed. The railroad doesn't even need our land, they're just taking the land on both sides for as far as they can.
You know him?
Your Zee? Hmm.  "From women's eyes this doctrine I derive: they sparkle still the right Promethean fire; They are the books, the arts, the academes, that show, contain, and nourish all the world."
She's still talking to Jesus.
Next time try "fat and haggard."
You are a charmer.
"Big and older"?
Maybe, maybe...
Think about this. If we just come up with a story and stick to it, we should be all right.
Whyyyy... he took down the Gatling gun and the cannon all by himself.
You're doing just fine.
We better go to Doc's, see what's going on here.
Hello, Liberty Missoura!
I'm sure it seemed like a good idea at the time.
I reckoned.
No, Jesse, your problem is you're always doing stuff before I'm finished figuring it out.
I figure.
You could have worn one of those big, floppy woman's Easter Sunday hats.
Mm-hmm.
Pff. They hardly even noticed you.
Every time I put my head up to hit that Gatling, they try to shoot it off.
Everything but the boring parts.
Yeah Jimmy?
I think... he was just a real interestin' fella to have around.
Can't argue that.
Saved a lot of folk from the railroad.
That he was.
Allow a man his version of the past. When you get to be my age, you've got enough painful memories, you're allowed to soften a few of the edges up.
I know. But that's how it should have ended. Your Dad and Mom, riding off into a new life, growing old together, happy.
Yeah, Jimmy?
