I'd just as soon kill you, Jesse James. But chasing you takes up too much of my time.
The railroad has no business in Tennessee. Therefore I have no interest in the state of Tennessee.
He's too important, James.  They'll set the army on you. You and your wife.
No, I'll hang you.  But I may miss you just a bit.
You cocky little bastard.
That's what I would have done.
Was it worth it?
Oh. That's nice to know.  We're going to hang you, you know.
I went myself to oversee the operation. Didn't help much.
Damn.
Yes?
Mmm.
How did you spot the ambush in Torrell?
Pity.
Not that day. I am guilty of many things, but that was Mr. Thaddeus Rains and Parker, that day.
That's the idea.
Oh, it's a similar room. But the hotel is in Washington D.C. You're not going to get a fair trial down here, in front of a jury of Jesse James sympathizers.
We're moving you tomorrow.
Move you fools!
They donate money to farmers, to churches. Rumor has it they gave the sharecroppers of Maddox so much money they were able to build a school.
By burning down their homes?
My professional opinion is that you have managed to piss off the wrong bunch of farm boys this time.
It's not my job to relax. I've put men facing out both ways down Main Street, so nobody can ride in shooting. I've got a sharpshooter up on the water tower just in case.
Well, this land is about to be condemned.
Vengeance.
Why, their intense hatred of you, of course.
No need. I have another tool at my disposal which will narrow it down to one bank.
There are only four banks within that travel radius which they have not robbed.
Every three months, the James Gang circles back to the vicinity of Liberty, Missouri. They always pull a job right before they return, probably to have extra money to give family and friends.
No.
It's going to be a long spring.
No, you demand results. They are not the same thing. And if you want results, you will let me do my job as I see fit. Unless of course,  You want this fool to saddle up and take another run at it?
Yes, that's the way to win the locals back to our side.
And there are some towns in Missouri where James and his men can walk openly, as heroes.
First of all: you, shut up.  Now, you've given me a thousand miles of railroad to cover. Every time the James Gang strikes, we shift a hundred detectives to that area. But there's just too much open land, too many riverbeds to ride, caves to hide in. This gang operates across four states, often riding a hundred miles between jobs.
All of the James Gang's encounters have been with local law enforcement who, quite frankly, are no match for this group's cunning.
It's going to be a long winter.
Hardly farmers. I've done some checking. All these were in the War. These men know sabotage, tactics, and have four years of bloody fighting experience behind them. They are disciplined, well-trained and have a charismatic leader. If I were to design the perfect outlaw band, this gang is what I would create.
It's early in the game yet, Mr. Rains. Jesse James and I are just learning how each other moves, feeling out each other's patterns.
Oh, that's the best part.
It is a nice piece of writing.
I'm afraid our adversaries don't agree.
Would a jury around here convict their own? I think not. We're beginning an interesting game here, Mr. Rains.
Oh no, I would have done that. But I would have made sure I killed them, too.
Not to mention my men who lost their lives.
