Not such a menace now, is he, Pinkerton?
This is him.
That.
What is that?
Parker.
I look forward to seeing it.
With my money!
What is going on here, man?
THEN WHO DID?!
I'll kill them for blowing up my railway!
How much did they get from the safe?
I'll teach these podunks what happens when they challenge the righteousness of progress.
You see the Army leaving and you see the loss of a tool. I see a power void to be filled. As we have the most power, we may move with impunity.
Just perfect.
Leaving you in charge of operations until he recovers.
Good.
Parker, tell me what's going on so I can return as quickly as possible to Boston and my whores and cigars, not necessarily in that order.
NO! It is NOT my pleasure to have to leave my board room to come to this godforsaken piece of dirt to discover why in the name of all that is holy you cannot seem to evict a few simple farmers from their PATHETIC LITTLE MUDHOLES so that I may build the GREATEST railroad that this country has ever seen!
And it is my pleasure to be here.
What the hell is that sound?
What is that?
Can you put men at all four?
In English, Pinkerton.
So he's won.
Can't you tell me anything?
I demand action.
I can't believe this.
Pinkerton. It's been eight months. I see robberies. I see hold ups. But I do not see men on the end of nooses.
So you can't tell me anything?
I'm losing millions of dollars and months of time while you play chess with these farmers!
"The gang made off with thirty-five thousand dollars and also destroyed the Thaxton Switch construction, meaning that for a few months honest farmers will be able to sleep without fearing the railroad is coming to steal their land!"  Who wrote this!? I'll see him hanged every Tuesday for a month!
"A Rock Island and Pacific Railroad depot was robbed two nights ago just outside St. Louis, Missouri. The brave and daring James-Younger Gang was heavily outnumbered by Pinkerton detectives, but the city lawmen were no match for the guns of the West."
This is no game.
I want them arrested and hanged!
You wouldn't have done that?
Look at this, Pinkerton! They got the payroll, and this damage will set construction back two months at least.
