He thinks this is some kind of game!
I think he's already feeling better.
I fooled them into thinking I was alone.
He's going to be fine, right Daddy?
Daddy, don't start with this again.
Tennessee?
Don't swear.
I can't believe I had to blow up a train for you.
You get arrested again, I'll kill you.
If you don't see it, it's not real...
Don't turn around.
Stop it. This is just sad.
Jesse, have you ever noticed that when you're trying to charm your way out of trouble, your accent gets all farm boy?
Oh, I'm not finished.  "When he sauntered into a saloon, his spurs jangling and his pockets full of gold, the ladies flocked around him like flies to a candied apple."  As I said. Hmm.
"Blazing Guns of the West. True Stories of Jesse James." Only a dime in the hotel lobby.
"But the life of the James Gang wasn't all robbing and shooting and killing, for these young Missouri bucks had a taste for the ladies... especially the handsome and charismatic Jesse James."
Hmm.
Now wait a minute. There are certain things that have to wait until after the wedding.
Are you going to be happy here, Mr. James? Without all that excitement?
I would never have imagined us in a place like this.
That's... wonderful. It's just... I thought...
I don't understand.
Jesse. What are you thinking? There are bounty hunters and lawmen all over this county!
Whose justice? Yours or God's?  When will you stop?
Let the law --
You and I, we've started... something, you know?  I don't know what'll happen if you do this.
I am so sorry, Jesse.
Were you planning on kissing me when you finished quoting?
Is this one of Frank's Shakespeare poems you're trying to quote?
Sparkling rocks?
Where will you find such a girl?
And what's this right girl like?
You planning on being a bachelor your whole life, Jesse James?
Thank God you grew out of that.  You did grow out of that, didn't you?
A river pirate.
You didn't want to farm?
So you're saying I should leave you alone and go spend time with Jimmy Younger?
Everybody in the county knows it was you who rescued Cole. We're all so proud of you, Jesse. And not a single farm's been sold to the railroad since. You're everybody's hero.
I shouldn't tease a hero.
Teasing you is completely unfair.
You're sick of my company?
You shouldn't be up.
Jesse, is that your hand?
Jesse, are you awake?
But still died.
You were little Jesse James when you left.
