Big threat. TV would ream you.
If he has anything to say about it, yeah. I've been asking a lot of questions and I don't like the answers I'm getting. He's made a lot of people nervous, including some poor faggot who thought he was going to be a movie star.
You're going to thank me for this. You know what the media's like. They love this kinda shit. If that guy goes off half-cocked and gets himself hurt, you're going to have so much bad publicity, you...
Go home, pilgrim. There's nothing you can do. Forget this place. Start over.
But I'm here to help you...
What happened, pilgrim?
Who? The whore? No. She's just a victim. A dime a dozen.
Don't do anything more. I'll find out what I can.
You know, it's possible to buy anything on this earth. You can buy child whores, slaves. You can have people raped, killed...  One of the men who supposedly arranges such things is named Ratan. He usually isn't in this country.  How'd you hear about him?
Where'd you hear that name?
Like what?
I'm sorry about that. Have you found anything out? You've got to tell me.
Listen, pilgrim, you're way out on a limb here. You don't know what you're into.
Nah. They don't care about some faggot hustler. They're more interested in your daughter's health -- and yours. Like I am.
I felt like such a shit, pilgrim, after what I did to you -- not that I did anything wrong -- that I kept investigating, poking around. There's some poor s.o.b. in L.A. with his face all bent out of shape who you've damaged his movie career. Lucky for him, people don't look at his face.
But this is my apartment.
I'm only human, you know.
Oh, fuck off. You should stay where you belong.
I ain't cheated you, Pilgrim. This is research, damn it! That girl could have told us something.
I hate it. But you gotta know, buddy.  A lot of strange things happen in this world. Things you don't know about in Grand Rapids. Things you don't want to know about. Doors that should never be opened. I've known more about this sort of thing than a man should. Don't ask me why.
Yeah. Probably.
The police? They know less than you do.
It was called 'Slave of Love' when I bought it. Next time it's sold, it'll be called something else.
Wait. Slow down. A film like this, 16mm, cost two three hundred dollars, sold outright, shown in peep machines, maybe theatres, maybe not, is almost impossible to track. 'Nobody' makes it; 'nobody' shows it; 'nobody' sees it. It's like it doesn't even exist.
I don't know.
I bought it at a store in L.A.
I don't know.
There's a little stall theatre up here.  It's closed now, but I'm borrowing it for an hour. I think there's something you'd better see.
Yeah.  All over. Even here in Grand Rapids.
They're legal now.
Yeah. You ever seen any of those?
Do you know what a "hardcore" movie is?
Have you ever seen any, ah, pornographic movies, Jake?
I don't know.
I've got some news. Your daughter's all right. At least I think she is.
This used to be a real city. I was here about fifteen years ago. Embezzlement case. It was always a little religious for my taste, but at least it was a city. With a downtown and all.
What are you paying me for?
Can you meet me in about an hour? At the Pantlind Hotel?
I'm back in Grand Rapids.
Yeah.
Mr. Van Dorn?
I suppose. But I'll tell you, Jake, I'm like a little animal. When I get my teeth into something I never let go. If your daughter's here, I'll track her down.
As I was saying, I'll pick up the thread. There's a number of ways I can go. There's not much you can do here. Stay if you want. Maybe it'd be better if you went back home. Go through Kristen's personal stuff. Ask around, maybe she knew somebody out here.  Look, I do this a lot. I work at a minimum rate of $750.00 a week. It may seem like a lot of money to you, but it ain't. You could hire cheaper.
You are.
Hey, I'm a private detective, Van Dorn, you want to hire a choir boy you can go back to Grand Rapids. I've been to that scumbag town. It's full of them.
No, I didn't think she was. Let me get the picture here. Let me guess. She was an absolutely clean girl, a model daughter, she never had rebellious or impure thoughts, she didn't fuck around...
Let me ask you a personal question, a painful one. The first of many. Tell me, was your daughter the kind of girl to run around, to, ah, play practical jokes, maybe?
Andy.
Dogshit. Worse yet, they don't care.
Those cops, like all cops, are intelligent enough, but they are masters of de-ductive reason. That is, you ask them what three and two are they'll tell you five, but if you ask them what five is, they go blank. That's spec-u-lative reasoning, and that's where I come in.
To his own daughter?
Huh?
Maybe. Maybe not.
I've been on another case. All day.  I suppose I can move it over. Seven fifty a week, plus travel expenses.
I'll tell you, that was an interesting case. The Van Dorn girl. I've handled runaway cases like it before. Usually when you put the pressure on the porn underworld for an underage kid, she pops up in about a week. Everybody denies ever seeing her, but there she is at the airport with a prepaid ticket home. Well, I put pressure on all over town for this girl and it stayed cold as ice. In fact, certain people for this girl and -- nothing.  I guess I gave your brother-in-law sort of a raw deal.
I'm off that case. He fired me.
I'm staking out this beer bottle. Trying to find out if I'll finish it or it'll finish me.
Ssh. I'm on a stakeout.
Who? Van Dorn? You must be kidding yourself, honey. You think once that guy finds his daughter he'll care about you?
Oh no? What you gonna do? Get a job?
You're taking a big chance.
The guy who bought you that ring.
Granville's looking for you anyway.
You know Granville's looking for you, Niki?
Look again, Billy-boy. This is jail bait. Could get you in a lotta trouble.
I want you to take a look at this girl here. She's been in some porn stuff.
You don't have to get uppity with me, Bill. I remember when you was running that car wash and couldn't make it go. And what was that other thing you tried? A Dairy Queen? Went busted too.
