Tomorrow...
With the caveat that it is not made public in any way, shape or form.  And we must have an answer tomorrow at the latest. I cannot stress this point enough.
Of course. Our pledge can be relayed to any government official Secretary Khruschev sees fit to satisfy.
Yes.
How does a guy get a rep like that?
He didn't have to worry about nuclear weapons.
He gets it, but he's pissed.
We're going to have to stop a ship eventually, show the quarantine's got teeth, or we'll prove McCone right.
We have to pull him. He's not going to be able to handle the Soviets in front of the U.N. Zorin will eat him alive.
Goddamn Stevenson. Jesus. Peace at any price. You'd think nobody learned anything from World War Two.
Then you'll call, right?
What if I can't?
We're split down the middle. If I held a vote I think airstrike would beat blockade by a vote or two.
There's still no sign they know that we know about the missiles. Been a lot of cloud cover; probably think we aren't getting any good product.
As if dealing with the Russians wasn't hard enough, we gotta worry about our own house.
What about the allies? Congress? I think we may need to start letting key people know. And they're all scattered across the country for the campaign. We're going to need to get the U.N. staff in and warmed up. Jesus... I don't even know if we've got secure communications with half our embassies since that the Soviets got that cryptographer of ours.
He's right, Jack. Taylor is saying we may have some time. We've got to use it.
Complete snowjob. And then we went out and told the country they weren't putting missiles into Cuba.  By the way, you realize we just lost the midterms.
Jesus Christ, guys. What the hell's Khruschev thinking?
Where the hell are you?
Kenny. It's over.
Just wanted to see for myself.  They're burning their documents.
Slow down. Smell that?
We gave so much to get here. I don't know. Sometimes I think what the hell did we do it for?
And if there has been a coup and there is no acceptable political solution?
All right, so maybe we overestimated how reasonable this trade would look. Okay? You happy? So now what?
The Jupiters are obsolete. They were supposed to have been dismantled last summer anyway --
And?
They want us to take our missiles out of Turkey along with the no invasion pledge. It looks like Fomin was a ploy after all, and they were just stalling for time.
We're getting everyone together as fast as we can.
We just got a second letter from Khruschev. The deal's off.
Where've you been? We've been trying to find you all morning.
He better. Because nobody thinks he's up to this. Nobody.
My father --
Oh, still sore about this.
What's gotten into you?
Zorin will eat him alive!
Adlai's too weak! We have to convince Jack to pull him, get McCloy in there.
Rescind the order. Can all the Chiefs. Put Nitze, Gilpatric and the Undersecretaries in charge.
What happened to speak when spoken to?
Jack, I'm as conniving as they come, but a sneak attack is just wrong.
It'll be the principals, a couple of the key guys from each department: the Executive Committee of the National Security Council. We'll call it EXCOM.
I'll do it.
We got a bunch of smart guys. We lock 'em up together in there, kick 'em in the ass til they come up with options.
...I know. CIA and the military fucked us on the Bay of Pigs.
You mean there's something more important than votes? Didn't think I'd live to see the day, Ken.
