Yeah?
Smoke.
Because we knew we could do a better job than everyone else.
So now you've got to talk him out of it. And then we've got to figure out an acceptable political solution.
-- Jesus, Mary and Joseph. I told you how stupid it was to float the Lippman article! But you wouldn't listen to me. What if there hasn't been a coup at all? What if it's you two who invited that second letter by raising the possibility of a trade?
And Jack wants to trade the missiles in Turkey.
What does the letter say?
Helen and I went out for breakfast. EXCOM's not supposed to convene til eight.
Adlai can handle Zorin. He knows the inning and the score.
-- I'm just trying to make a point. This idea is that fucking bad.
Something your father would've come up with.
Then talk to your brother, goddamn it. The two of you don't need any advice to get into trouble.
You can't take him out this late in the game.
We can't do that, Bobby.
Jesus...
Give it a rest. You were thinking the same thing, just didn't have the guts to take the heat.
He's right. And things are happening too fast. It smells like the Bay of Pigs all over again.
It's too politicized with you in there, anyway. They need to be able to stick their necks out.
They're going to be pressing for a military solution soon. We can't afford to let them ram their agenda down our throats. We need to come with options other than air strikes so we have some sort of choice here.
The other thing is...
Who gives a shit about the midterms now? The Soviets are putting nuclear weapons ninety miles away from us.
Every day the sun comes up... says something about us.
It shouldn't have. But it did.
The sun came up today.
-- You listen to me. Nobody, nobody, talks about my friends that way. You're fucking here right now because of the Kennedys. They may be wrong. They make mistakes. But they're not weak. The weak ones are these 'people' who can't speak their own minds.
Yes it is.
Then they should speak up.
I think it's a bad idea.
Helen just asked me what sort of arrangements we have for the families.
What's it about?
Hey, Mac. You're up bright and early.
No. I'm glad I'm home.
-- we got a back channel communication from Khruschev this evening feeling us out about a deal. He confirmed it just a little while ago in a letter to the President. I think we've won.
I'll be evacuated with the President.
Nothing. Nothing you don't know about. Tomorrow's the big day. Just have the car ready to go if I call or if the Civil Defense Warning comes on.
I don't know, Helen. I want you to keep the kids close tomorrow. Leave the T.V. on, sleep with it on in the bedroom until I tell you you can turn it off.
Kids are supposed to get detention.
Well, you know how Bobby has it in for the State of Mississippi.
Why don't you ask him yourself? You can have him on the way home.
He was.
Tell you what. We're in Connecticut tomorrow for Ribicoff. I'll get you up front with him during the flight.
Forget it, Scotty.
Well. There is a new civil rights initiative he wants to talk about.
I said his heart, not his attention.
Busy. But you've got his heart.
Back to work.
Get back out there, kid. Remember to hit 'em hard.
I, uh...
Hey, sport. You winning?
Wrong, and you get to wax my car.
Secretary of Defense...
And we do it under the table so we can disavow any knowledge of it.
Don't take it to court, but we've got good circumstantial evidence...  Walter agrees. My gut's telling me Khruschev's turning to a trusted old friend to carry his message.
They know each other! Khruschev and Feklisov aka Fomin were war buddies!
Hello?
Zorin must not have gotten instructions. Somebody in their Foreign Ministry's blown it big-time.
Yeah, a good political solution.
Then somebody'd better deny it publicly.
If we made a trade, we'd be giving in to extortion, and NATO would never trust us again. We'll get clobbered in world opinion.
Oh, just a bunch of crap about withdrawing our Jupiter missiles in Turkey if the Soviets'll do the same in Cuba.
And we can't purge the Chiefs. Our invasion talk will look like a bluff. Or even that there's been an attempted coup.
Have to hope it's a signal that he'll back down on the real issue too.
That's going to be tough. You know how these guys are about their chains of command...
Maybe it's harder for them to say it than they let on. At the very least, they believe it's in our best interest. And at the end of the day, they may end up being right.
I'm your political advisor, and I'm giving you political analysis here. This is a setup. The Chiefs want to go in. It's the only way they can redeem themselves for the Bay of Pigs. They have to go in, and they have to do it right. It's that simple.
Fair enough. But Castro's on alert and we're flying attack planes over their sites, on the deck. There's no way for them to know they're carrying cameras, not bombs. They're going to be shot at, plain and simple.
What about these low-level flights? They're starting in what? An hour? Do you realize what you're letting yourself in for?
All right. 'Cause you get armed boarders climbing into Soviet ships, shots being fired across bows...
I don't like what's happening.
You'd worry that something was wrong if Congress offered you unconditional support.
We have to try the blockades. It probably won't work. It may just be delaying the inevitable. But we can't just go to war without trying not to.
Damn right I'm scared.
I'm not calling and canceling on Daly. You call and cancel on Daly.
No way.
You don't show for Chicago, everyone'll know there's something going on.
Cheer up, you've neutralized the entire White House Press Corps for a day.
There is no expert on this subject, no wise old man.
Call me Irish, but I don't believe in cooler heads prevailing.
Then we need to do a few things right away. No Pierre. He knows, the press knows. You're going to have to keep up your schedule -- your movements are followed too closely. And we need to get these guys out of the White House. George Ball's got a conference room at State.  Reconvene over there this afternoon, come back here tonight.
There've got to be alternatives to just going out and bombing them.
Should be here any minute.
Not as far as the election goes.
Today, for your information, is Pulaski Day. We're going to Buffalo...
No you weren't.
And if this is a move to appease the hard line, then it may just be the bone he needs to regain control of his own house.
You were in the room. It was your purview. It was your job to make sure Bissel wasn't fucking us over and you didn't do it. You've got the most important job in the world right now. You're the smartest guy the President has.  Besides me.
Listen to me, goddamn it. We're talking about a possible nuclear war. You dropped the ball on Bay of Pigs --
Moving the line. Stroke of genius.
Six months from now, I'm not going to care. Are you? We'll deal with it.
Jesus Christ...
That may be why Khruschev's introducing this guy. We've been burned by his usual players in the formal channels, so he brings in an honest broker.
Dangle a settlement, tie us down in negotiations, we come up short...
