Doesn't matter to me. If I went down in history like Adams, I'd die happy. All they say about him today is --
Yeah, but the country didn't even exist as a country yet. It was a mess, and he didn't have a leg to stand on.
We were just debating who had it worse, us or George Washington and his guys.
That's all well and good, but what do we say to 'em?
McNamara's on his way back here now. We need to pick the right ship. No subs. No armed boarding parties either. We need a little more time to figure this one out.
We've got bigger problems right now.
Somebody had to say it. I respect Adlai for having the guts to risk looking like an appeaser.
Well, I'm not.
I want a consensus, Bobby. Consensus. Either air strike or blockade. Something everyone'll stand by even if they don't like it. I need it by Saturday. Make it happen.
Lying bastard. Lied to my face.
We keep 'em in the dark as long as we can. But I sure as hell am going to test him.
Tonight, listening to Taylor and Acheson, I kept seeing Burke and Dulles telling me all I had to do was sign on the dotted line. The invasion would succeed. Castro would be gone. Just like that. Easy.
We can't worry about everything right now. We've got to figure out what we're going to do before we worry about how we do it.
So if there are alternatives that make sense -- and I'm not saying there are -- we need 'em. Need 'em fast.
Did you have any indication of this from Georgi? Any possible warning or sense of motivation?
Good.
Does this attack on our plane represent a definitive, intentional escalation on the part of the Soviets?
Then we have no choice.  General, issue the warning orders to our forces. They will be prepared to execute the air strikes Monday morning and the follow-on invasion according to the schedule thereafter. I'll need the official release orders on my desk Sunday night.
So which one of you geniuses can tell me how to explain ourselves to the world? How do we work with them if there's been a hard-line coup?
General, the Joint Chiefs have just signaled our intent to escalate to the Soviets. You have signaled an escalation which I had no wish to signal, and which I did not approve.
-- I have the authority. I am the commander-in-chief of the United States, and I say when we go to war!
All right. Then I guess it's time.
Guess we can't blame Khruschev for a few patriotic farmers. And the ships?
How long until the army is ready?
Is this the Chiefs' recommendation?
An invasion...
Max.
We give them something. We tell them we'll remove the missiles from Turkey say, six months from now so that there appears to be no linkage. We also tell them if they go public about it, we deny it and the deal is off.
Okay, Ken. We're going.
You're sure...
I've got to move. What do you have, Kenny?
Didn't know Adlai had it in him. Too bad he didn't have this stuff in '52.
Jesus Christ, O'Donnell, you're the one saying we need to move forward on a political solution.
It's a goddman trial balloon. Trial is the operative word, here.
I don't want to listen to this again.
What's that?
He's right, we can't rescind DEFCON 2. The Soviets will think we've gotten sweet on them.
We can horsetrade with Khruschev on ships. But it doesn't get us any closer to removing those missiles.
Any problems, you remind them those chains of commands end at one place. Me.
How does a man get to a place where he can say, 'throw those lives away,' so easily?
I'm gonna protect those pilots.
We need those flights. We have to know when those missiles become operational, because when they do, we need to destroy them.
I know, I know...
In the morning I'm taking charge of the blockade from the situation room. McNamara'll set up shop in the flag plot at the Pentagon, keep an eye on things there.
They want this fucking job, they can have it. It's no great joy to me.
I don't know. I don't know.
You're scared to cancel on Daly.
I don't care. Cancel it.
Have you canceled Chicago and the rest of the weekend yet?
Let's get out of here.
Acheson's scenario is unacceptable. And he has more experience than anyone.
Okay. Kenny and I only show for the meetings you call us into. Impress us. And do it fast.  You're in charge of keeping this quiet. If word gets out before we know what we're going to do, there'll be panic. And it'll ruin any chance of surprise if we decide to hit them.
No choice. This is going to cost lives any way we go. Do nothing, and it could be 80 million of ours. We have to get rid of those missiles.
Good.
Still think Cuba isn't important?
So what've we got today?
I was, you bastard.
I was eating that.
Will somebody find out what's going on?!
Captain, belay that order!  Bob, where's that coming from!
Captain, force the sub to the surface for inspection.
Bob, is there any way we can avoid stopping a submarine first?
Bob?
Bob. Bet you had a late night.
