Purely a precaution...
Nay.  This is a private affair, no audience welcome... Better you watch the dismantling of our enemies... and, look you, see the moat is set aflame.
I have something far more pleasant awaiting me.
Anything left for smashing you may happily smash.
Fight's over before it's begun... soon the survivors will be in full retreat.
Precisely.  Faith has persuaded them a pygmie with a sling can kill an armed giant.
Faith.
To finish last evening's delightful work.
This is another victory, my friends. What began with the lash shall be concluded with a caress.
Indeed, the best of fun... Enjoy yourselves.
I doubt the faeries will admire their beauty... Come, this will be fun to watch.
No.  Smashing is not required.  I have a surprise for our tiny invaders... Raise that hatch!
Always.
Delusion... a kind of magic which works against the magician.
So you shall be... Like our brothers, the hawk and the wolf, our spirits know no master... we are created in the pure image of the savage God that set our turbulent universe in motion.
Precisely, my darling.  Your animal strength, your primitive power has surfaced... you are what you desire.
Or looked so beautiful...
And, now?
Pleasure is for those who seize it! Do you think those insipid, pale- skinned mortals will ever know such rapture?
Later, beloved... Now I wish only to be with you...
From the parapets most likely.  The men are amused by a battlefield entertainment of my own contriving.
It's nothing.  My men take great delight in routing the enemy.  Don't trouble yourself, beauty.
Indeed I am, my dear... that makes us a pair!
My dear Princess, the human soul is a highly elusive commodity.  I suggest you spend some hours before the glass.  Contemplate your intriguing reflection and consider whether such a creature as yourself could possibly possess something as fine and beautiful as a soul.
Your soul...?  Why should I bother with such a paltry trifle?
I'm pleased you're not troubled by the prospect...
When you are ripe for my pleasure, I will enjoy the harvest.
Yes?
A few day's nourishment will see your strength returning.
We'll get you cleaned up, find a suitable gown... I imagine you'll enjoy a good meal?
At the moment, very little.  Your company at my table...
Sweet Princess, you begin to sound most reasonable.
I can keep a victim alive for weeks... months, if I desire it... it's an art.  They beg for death... I keep it just out of their reach.  The pain remains constant.
Why should I kill you?  A simple course in etiquette... something your parents sadly overlooked.
Your moans seem almost pleasurable, my dear... developing a taste for the lash?
Too bad your precious Jack can't hear you... the damsel in distress... A rescue attempt would be most amusing... We could flay sweet Jack alive as an after-dinner entertainment...
No.  Now is the time for discipline. Some lessons in obedience for the future Baroness.
When the time's come, you won't need to jump, I'll throw you out myself!
We're both of us damned, my beauty.
To be my bride, of course.
I prefer a plump capon, but will happily serve you rats if they're to your liking.
I prefer to think, more like the sagacious owl.
I am a creature of darkness.  I require the shadow's solace and the black of night... Sunlight is abhorrent to me... I cover myself completely whenever I venture forth in daylight... Sunshine is my destroyer.
I know no more of shame than I do of fear.  I wear this mask not for concealment but protection.
I am afraid of nothing.
We're all of us beasts, my dear. Only most are afraid to show it.
Not from me, surely...
You should glory in your animal nature.  It is your triumph!  None know that better than I!
On the contrary!  The puling, pallid creature you were before was truly something disgusting.  Now you are splendid... a fierce goddess... the embodiment of all that is strong and beautiful.
You're magnificent.
I like well what I see.  It pleases me.
I speak of love, and you think only of the lash.
Your love.
My generosity is not so large as that.
