We be honored, friend Ogg.
Screwball you know, and many other of the wee folk.  We serve as escort for our grand champion, Jack o' the Green.
Twas Jimmy done that, I merely stood for the blame unfairly... but, here now, Ogg, this be no time to rehash old differences, I've friends along in need of safe haven for the night.
Well, bygones're bygones, I always say.
Friend Ogg.  Excuse our enthusiasm, occasioned as it was by a fondness for you.
You're good at riddles... Find the ring and the spell is broken.
You must find the ring... It completes the cycle; answers the riddle...
That's it then... the ring!
And did you?
Go on... go on...
Where?
Might not need a gesture quite so grand.  What were you doing the very moment the Baron's curse fell on the world?
Tis not the wound, that's sure.  Not a scar remains... we're talking about a spell; harder to repair than sword-work.
She lives... isn't that worth singing about?
Where's your joy if you cannot sing?
On a day like none other the blessed earth has ever seen... A day so fair as forty springtimes --
Listen to him.  Not in the mood...
I've not heard a note out of you.
You're on your own... like a true champion.
Ride like wild fire, Jack.
Ever wondered why Jenny Greenteeth said you needed the fastest steed on earth?
Never show mercy!
Don't get too far!
Tis a delicate operation, lad. Requires a bit of engineering... Next!
Ah, but you will.  And so will the Baron, when we bring a little light to his dark hideaway.
Patience, lad.
Easier than that, Jack.  Screwball!  Fetch me down a couple of them plates.
Sunlight.
Nay, lad, we're here to collect a weapon you'll need fighting the Baron.
The kitchen be the most important room in a palace, for if the victuals ain't right, little else is likely to be so.
I admire your valor, Jack.  By all means, seek him out... But first, we needs visit the kitchen.
Mean you to seek him out below?
Sunlight, you say?
In the dark, lad?  Why should he do that?
The alicorn, lad.  Come to your senses!  Unless we find Baron Couer de Noir and bring back the horn the world is doomed.
Easily... The question is, can we save ourselves?  Be a shame to win the battle only to lose the war.
Nay.  You've not reckoned with the powers of faerie medicine.
She's sore hurt, Jack, tis true, but not dead yet.
Nonsense!  Course it matters.
Jack!  The courtyard's been taken... The Baron's forces are besieged in the south tower.  No sign of... Jack?  Do you hear what I'm saying? We've won, lad.
It's what we'll find there worries me.
Best get down close to the moat, lad.
Fire away!
Aye.  Before the wee pesties attacked.
That's it!
Will you chance a miss?
Faerie magic's no match for a sorcerer's power... We have Ogg's gifts, the key and the --
Been telling you that all along, lad.
And frog don't fly and bite like tomcats.  It be magic, Jack... powerful ogre's magic.
There aren't enough arrows.
Easily spoken...
A fine mess this is... horrid, nipping creatures... What do we now, Jack?
Why not mine the damned walls?
Tells you something 'bout him what lives there...
Pray they don't turn out to be nightmares.
That be so, better you pinch yourself now, Jack.
Aye, so long as you're not too greedy for the bait.
It feels wrong, Jack... like a trap.
Don't like the feel of it, Jack.
Never felt so cold in all me born days...
No... but what choice have we?
Aye.  We be on a quest to set the world aright --
I know the rogue, Jack.  Tis Jimmy Squarefoot.
Hold, Jack!  Don't strike!
Wait, Jack.
Once you thought we'd never find the Greek's armor and look at ye now, decked out like a proper hero.
Long as we don't lose heart, Jack...
Aye, lad... we've little else to go by.
Never knowing when it takes a turn or changes course.
Easily said... the raven passed this way hours ago.
We're blind now.  Oona was our eyes and ears.  How do we find the Castle Couer de Noir without her?
Is she... dead?
Stay on your guard, Jack.  The bug is enchanted surely.
Willful creature, that one...
What make ye of that, Jack?
God's blessing.
Going grows slower... we've not made... half a mile in two hours...
... this rate... we'll all be in our graves... 'fore we reach the Baron's fortress...
Be gentle with them, Jack.  They only march to please you.  Were this a faerie journey, we'd ride the wind on thistledown and ragwort stems.
Your strong right arm's all the protection I'll need this night.
Tis not the sword that counts, but the man what swings it.  Rest easy, Jack.
Don't let this talk of heroes upset you, Jack.  Sigurd's sword is no great thing.  The Volsung killed Fafnir.  You killed Lindfarne. That's one worm apiece... I'd say you and Sigurd were neck-and-neck.
Stoutly spoke, lad.  These dwarves be sore grouches... Pay no heed to their spiteful grumbling.
I should hope not!
Very secretive, they are.  Keep their feet covered up.  Best if you don't mention it.
Dwarves be very sensitive about their feet.
Shhh!  Not so loud, mayhap he'll hear ye.
Something the matter?
Pure gold it is... plays a different note every time.
Your imagination runs away with you, Jack... Those bones be but battlefield gleanings, like I mentioned.  A wee bit of carrion to frighten off the uninvited.
Nay.  That's but to distract the casual visitor.  A dwarf is too busy to suffer fools gladly.
Jack, Jack, it's dwarves live here. Hard-working chaps.  Hammering in the forge all the live-long day. Make the most wondrous things, they do.
Nay, Jack, tis not what you're thinking.
Beyond Devil's Needle, all is unknown.
That would be Devil's Needle.  Last landmark I know in these woods.
Well... if the knight be already dead; what harm is there in... borrowing a thing or two?
Ofttimes, the wee folk come out to tend the wounded... staunch bleeding with cobwebs... give a parched mouth a sip of dew... cool a fevered brow...
Worse than the battlefield.
Jack, don't!
Foul fellow, this Couer de Noir.
Blackheart?
Good plan that.
How do we follow a raven we can't even see?
Sounds like the bird we want.  All right lads, follow yon raven!
Birds speak to me all the time. What did it say?
Aye.  Said to follow it to the edge of night.  But is this the right bird?
Whatever for?
Track the demon to his lair.
How do you plan on finding this here castle, if ye don't mind me asking?
Fine-looking army.
I'll drop a cow on the knave!
Aye!  That too.
Tricks, is it?  Why I'll trick ye! Ungrateful whelp!  I'll sour your milk and bird droppings'll fall from the sky wherever ye walk.
I'm small... and I can make myself smaller still... Small as a bee! Small as dust...!  Want to see me do it?
Don't see why I can't ride, too! I'm second in command, damn it!
Careful, lad.
Pregnant, is she?
Something's coming.
Screwball!  You dolt!  I've a mind to change you into a toad.
Well then, you've got the sword and you've got the armor; all's lacking is the steed.
No false modesty, lad.  You're a proper champion.  Achilles' armor sits on you like it was forged to fit.
There be no finer victuals than worm flesh, lad.
You'll know it when you see it... tis a splendid sight, all covered with gold... Don't fear making noise.  Dragons be deaf as tree stumps.
There's the spirit, lad.  If ye run into trouble, give a yank here and we'll haul ye up.
Better pray the worm's a sound sleeper, Jack.
Now, Jack-lad, no one's asking ye to skewer the worm.  Even St. Michael'd have a job on his hands for all that.  But the serpent hoards a pile of booty, Achilles' armor among his treasures... if we find our way within the mound and him asleep...
No less a creature than the Lindfarne Worm.
A tomb it once was, boy, and a tomb it may yet be... There's another in residence at Lindfarne now.
There it be, lad.  The Lindfarne Mound.  Kings long forgotten lie there, lost in their final sleep.
I know where to find it.  Taking possession be another matter.
Bravely spoke.  You've the heart of a champion, true enough.
Time for a champion.  Can you do more than pick acorns and rob bird's nests, Jack?
Aye.  Black Baron's mischief.
Lamentable news, Jack... but tis the fate of the living concerns us now.
Fie on what she thinks!  You mind her claws and teeth... Cast your spell, Oona.
Here now.  Toss her this when you've the chance.  Jenny Greenteeth can't resist the sight of herself in a glass.  She's terribly vain.  Praise her beauty and you'll lull her sweet as a babe in a cradle.
Don't get caught, that's what! She'll suck your bones like honey- comb.
Aye.  That foul wallow be where Jenny Greenteeth dwells.  Oona... lure her out.  Play the part of a girl-child.
Aye.  On the morrow we go, but tonight...  ... tonight is for making merry.
Think there be truth only in beauty, lad?  If you've the courage to ask and take care to avoid her terrible claws, Jenny Greenteeth has the answers you seek.
Someone worthy of respect, lad.  She be a water spirit, lives in a bog down at sea-side.  Hideous creature to look at, even by my doubtful standards; devours little children, she does, when she can catch them.
True... But it won't come easy or free.  If ye want to ask, ask Jenny Greenteeth.
Course we care.  What good's the world locked in a season of death. Frozen up, no folks to scare out of their wits on a summer's night; no babies to tickle; no more spells to cast... Think that's an enjoyable prospect?
If ye want more tricks, I'm your man, but for big questions ye must go elsewhere.
That much magic I can offer ye, a small measure of entertainment at best.  Making the world a frozen hell is beyond me modest powers.
If you're looking for enchantment, Jack, that I can give thee...
Aye.  Honeythorn Gump'd be a powerful wizard indeed could he answer.
Big question that, lad.  Why what?
He is afraid of enchantment!  Will you listen to the fool prattle on.
Generally known!  What general ever knew more than to lace up his boots?
Are ye afraid of me wine?  Did your momma tell ye never to take food nor drink from the Wee Folk?  Think if ye sup with the faeries you'll be enchanted?
Elderberry wine.  No finer drink under heaven.
Why, Jack-lad, she likes you, is all.  And what hot-blooded hero wouldn't welcome the affections of a fair nymph like Oona here...?  If your blood runs so cold, boy, you be a corpse before your time.
Mayhap you be the one what's lost, and she safe by the castle hearth... but, come Jack, we'll warm your bones.
I've laid eyes on no mortal but you this day, Jack.
You have me word, lad.  To answer a faerie riddle deserves as much.
You be our guest, Jack.
Well spoke.  True to the mark.  And if it's wine you're wanting, it's wine we shall have.
Damnation!  Codfish and cockles! Gammon and trotters!  You've bested me, Jack.
What!
Why, Jack, then tis your death song I'll be strumming.
Didn't you now?  Well then, answer me this riddle and all be forgiven.
You'll have a long, long rest in the tomb, me lad.
And how is it a mortal dare dictate to the faerie folk?  Is me music not to your liking?  Mayhap the dance of death by more your pleasure.
Dance, Jack!  The night's but begun.
To be sure.
Oh, but you will be, Jack... Think you to sleep in a faerie ring and not spend the night a-dancing?
Aye, Honeythorn Gump, come to serenade you, Jack... come to make you dance.
So, Jack... think you be a Green Man and not know Gump.
Dolt!
They'll do nicely.
Good, lad... Here, Jack, give me a hand with the windlass... There's a good fellow...
Start acting like you're worthy of this mission... Here.  Whatever you do, don't dare drop it.
Rise, Screwball, and into the basket with you.
You'll do it because I am you liege and I command you to do it!
They've fired the moat!
Very thrifty.  Even got your arrow back.
Well done, lad.
We seek to undo the curse.
Screwball!  Be quiet...!  We have friends live 'neath the Needle. They'll no doubt provide safe refuge for the night.
These chaps'll need a woodpecker to pick their teeth.
Barely living, from the looks of it.
Well done, lad.  Stout heart.
Hush up, Screwball.  Do your own worm-sticking if you like the taste so well.
