Tell her about <u>what</u>?
Tell her we're sorry we bothered her.
We'll get the paramedics...
You talked to me.  Do you remember?
Investigators Halloran and Goetz.  I apologize for Goetz, he's a firehouse dog.
What Friday?
You already made the delivery?
You were going to make a delivery to Peter Kurten for Daryll Lee Cullum.  I want Kurten's phone number.
Doesn't work that way.  You had your chance, now fuck yourself...
You don't listen very good.  This break in -- I can call it a felony -- three strikes, and you got about sixteen strikes already, and you're in jail for the rest of your life, no parole.  Or I could see it gets forgotten.
Shut up -- I'm talking.  You got felony breaking and entering, burglary, felonious...
Cut the crap.  You got a sheet the length of my arm...
Inspector Halloran.  Homicide. You were supposed to contact a Peter Kurten?
Well, thanks.
Oh, shut up, and don't be so damn self righteous.
This has been the worst 48 hours of my life.  I'm going home.  I'm going to try to get drunk.
Helen -- let go.  You've got to let go.
Helen.  I saw him die.  I saw him burning on the basement stairs, he never reached the top.
Christ, Helen.  The first time, we're ahead of the son of a bitch! I can't leave you like this -- and there's no time.  Knock yourself out.
How many do you need to sleep. Really sheep?
I've got to go.  I've <u>got</u> to go.
I'm working on it!  It's what I do.  Quinn...Halloran.  I'll wait.  Where's Andy, can we get some coffee in here?
Bundy.  That's the last one in your speech...
Look.  There's the order:  you wrote it:  DeSalvo, Bianchi & Buono, Berkowitz and Dahmer.  It's going to be Dahmer next.  Which means he'll kill a man.
What does it matter?  This guy, you checked your course records, who signed up?
Where's the john?  Let me clean up this mess, and get back to work.
A man?  I thought he was a boy.  This last Christmas was the happiest Christmas I had in the last ten years... you know why?  It was the first Christmas in six years I was not in love.  Son of a bitch <u>married men</u>!  Who cares about marriage, the bed just gets crowded and noisy?!
I just thought it was so -- unprofessional.  Of you both!
Ruben's dead.   So stupid, a cop thing, a crazy kid and a buncha dumb mistakes... I'm sorry... because you and he...
They're not talking to me.  Saks looks right through me.  I ask him for some bodies, for the phones -- he's so encouraging: "you make that <u>your</u> little job."  Condescending bastard.  Helen, on your lists to call is San Quentin.  Daryll Lee Cullum?
They get fan letters...
It's also the major piece of evidence, and it makes you a key part of his plan.  You can't run away from it anymore.  Look at the order he's doing them... He did three as the Boston Strangler just to tell us a copycat serial killer was at work.  Then he did one like the Hillside Strang- ler.  And then one as Son of Sam. To lead us on -- to where and what end?  And he's doing more than that -- he's imitating each killer's method as closely as he can -- in details.  Injecting Windex.  Using .44.  Playing Abba.
I put my ass on the line, giving you that.
He said to send you his regards and to tell you that the Bureau holds you in the highest esteem.
Ruben's gone to look... It's banged up but it looks like a .44.  It's Son of Sam.  Is it Son of Sam?
What's that siren?
Helen, hang up, let Ruben get on with his work...
Because I'm all you've got.
I did not; the Mouth -- that's what we call Susan Schiffer -- got it on her own.
Halloran.
I'm giving you Clint outside.
You're afraid of him.
He'll get caught.  If he has a plan that'll be what trips him up...
Injected Windex!  Why would he switch to a new m.o.?
I know Windex, for God's sake, I clean my own windows...
That's not consistent... You said they never changed their style, they're robots...
That's exactly... I could have taken that same picture, this morning.
So far nothing they test for comes up positive.
Hello, Ruben...  So that's that...
Clint is putting a guard on you. But if you swear to leave the computer on, Winona will assign him to the hall outside.
Helen -- the killer directly contacted you.  His interest in you is <u>intense</u>.  I'm worried about you. I don't want to lose you.  I know this stirs up every monster under the bed, but this is the only direct contact we have with him. The only chance we have to trap him.  So, you can turn Internet back on, or I do, and we put somebody here on a 24 hour shift and you can kick, scream and hyperventilate.
He comes in the window, we maybe grab him.  Where's the on-switch?
Who turned off the Internet computer...
She was killed somewhere else and dumped outdoors in an empty lot. Where it says "no dumping."  Her legs pulled apart in a kind of sexual pose.   It's all different but it seems so -- the same. Artificial and <u>posed</u>... Something's wrong with it.
But it's a different m.o.
We've got another one.
I want a guard on you.  I'm worried about leaving you alone.
That's amazing.  A whole new book, thought up in a minute.  Very good.  All I know how t do is get up, take a shower, and go to work. Hope, if he does another I'll nail the son of bitch, and they'll spell my name right in the newspaper. Where is Andy going?
Nobody knows you have anything to do with this case; nothing has been on TV or the news... Why would he want to get in <u>your</u> computer?
Look at the sign.  'Hell'?  In the Festival of Love?  You make any sense in that?
I just came from her... here's what you haven't seen.
I don't look at pictures.  I look at the <u>real thing</u>.  I don't feel infected.
We'll show that to...
<u>He</u> won't.
I'm going to put a guard on your door.
Can you make a copy we can show on our computers?
How do you know that?
Work with me.
Why imitate a dead serial killer?
How did you know they were stockings?
Nothing.
How do you know that?
For months... last October.
You can't go out lecturing?  Tough shit.  Women are dying.  Where can I lay this stuff out?
Well, it's a hell of an apartment you got here.  I'm living one step away from the projects, myself, but I get to go to work every day, wading in blood and guts.  I guess the books you wrote about these sons of bitches paid off pretty good.
I think you are.  I really admire everything you've done; it would be an honor to work with you, and we need all the help we can get, especially yours.
Would you want to work with us on this?
Sugar and cream for Goetz; I take mine black.  You're absolutely correct.  The politicians don't want panic headlines spoiling the Festival of Love.
<u>You</u> called <u>us</u>, Doctor Hudson.
I want to tell you it's a great honor to meet you and talk to you.
Because of your phone calls.
Who?
Ring the gong, he goes.  Poor impulse control.
That's an opinion, not evidence...
Do you have any evidence to report, ma'am?  Do you know any of the victims...
No, ma'am.  This is no joke.  And neither is tying up telephone lines to police with crank calls while people in trouble are trying to get through for help.
Inspector Halloran, Homicide.  I'm in charge here.
Okay.
How come you're so up on Dr. Hudson?
She takes tranquilizers her doctor prescribes.
Sir, Doctor Hudson and I see a pattern develop...
Someone broke into her place last night.  It wasn't connected to our case, but it shook her up pretty bad so I haven't...
Over here.
Who came in after you?
Whatever it is, I'm gonna find out and sooner is a hell of lot better than later.
You touch anything, Mike?  Pick up anything?  Use the doorknob?  I don't want to find your prints on anything later and you tell me you forgot to tell me.
I'm over here?  What's your name, Officer?
Just horseshit luck.
You're in terrible trouble, Nikko.
Quinn will be here any minute.  What are you going to say?
If this is just the dump site, where did he do the job?  Where did he pick her up?
God, you're cute when you're mad.
Don't put yourself down like that. I <u>never</u> used you.  I worked my way up like a marine grunt!
Well, you outranked <u>me</u>, Nikko.
You got that right, Nikko, it's none of your business.
Oh, I know.
Maybe it's something you did in this life, Nikko...
Because it's your job, that's all.
I'll talk to Conrad myself.  I'll be in the jail when you wind this up...
Don't try to lie, Ruben.  You don't have the face for it.  I need you to help interrogate the burglar in Hudson's place...
Helen... excuse me, we...
Bunch of Swedish women.  You're too young.
The woman's unstable.  You could wind up with a harassment charge. <u>Anything</u>.  You're like some horny little teenager.
You damn well better start working on that impulse control.  A woman who is implicated in this case? Someone who's practically a piece of <u>evidence</u>?
Now listen up, Ruben.  You never, never, never mess with somebody <u>inside</u> the case!
Get the pictures, and casts of footprints.
Yeah, everything's different.
Ruben, my God, I ought to put you on report.
Look at her legs.
What about her arms?
Quinn decided we should form a task force -- they're all one case, now. He wants all the senior detectives on it...  She wasn't killed here.
My promise.
Why would he send this to Helen Hudson...
Let's get out of here...
Tell it to your shrink.
Honest to God, Ruben!
He's just mad he let me keep the espresso machine.  We heard from Doctor Hudson?
Order Chinese for us and meet me the library?  Anything but beef.
Sure.  She likes <u>you</u>, Rube.  She likes the way you move.  She sure as hell isn't in love with me.
Snotty neurotic bitch...
Get Mercer to run the medical, dental, legal bills, laundry and dry cleaning receipts, extermin- ators, mailmen, grocery and drugstore deliveries, handymen, plumbers...
You're good enough you'll never have to kill anyone.  I joined the cops to save lives, not waste them.
Answer it.
My third grade teacher at the convent shot better than that.
She's in no shape to give her statement tonight...
That was Bundy.  He killed forty of them, identical, long hair, parted in the middle, alike as Barbie dolls.  ...this is hopeless.  Let's try to get time for a police spokesman to appear on college radio and TV hookups and broadcast a warning?
You want mine, too?  You take his, you take mine.  I'm the one fucked it up...
Give me Ruben back...
Or the F.B.I.?
I'm gonna drop charges on the break-and-enter at Hudson's...
The prowler in Hudson's apartment turns out to have a meeting with a suspect...
I gotta have Ruben, and a...
Give him <u>that</u>pompous son of a bitch.
If this is a first step in kicking me off the case, just tell me, to my face, sir, don't waste time being diplomatic.
What does this mean?  Now we got the FBI, my team is expendable? I'm working my ass off, is anybody listening?  Why Ruben, anyway?  He and Nikko don't even get on together...
Because I think I'm wrong.
Helen Hudson...
I'm sorry it had to come to your attention.  I am dealing with it.
You're damn right I do.
It's not the same guy.  It should be a self-solver.  No bow around the neck, left and body outdoors, completely different.  The others were housewives, secretaries, he talked his way inside, killed them in their own living room or bed- or bathroom.  This one didn't have a husband or a boyfriend, no family, temp waitress, 3 arrests for misdemeanor dope offenses, DUI, asphyxiation probably from a plastic bag over her head.  Sexually assaulted.  The others weren't molested that way.  We're waiting for the sperm tests...
We could use a little help.
Oh, maaaaan?!
So.  Do we tell the media and hope for somebody to come forward with information?
I'm checking out anybody who lives like DeSalvo.  Records of arrests for rape, especially by a man wearing green.  Checking out psychiatric hospitals for his personality profile.  Cross check- ing names from arrests for sexual offenses, public fondling.  If they've got a German wife.  We can keep cops working on this kind of junk for years, and this guy's going to hit again, soon.
Don't swear at me because we got problems.  I'm just giving you the news.  I went to a Catholic school; I'll tell you what they teach.  On the knuckles they teach.
Yessir.  I have reflected on that, sir.  Which explains my gushing deference to you, sir.
Yessir.
That's always your privilege, sir.
Anybody in this department ever worked a serial killer case?  She's the expert.  I need help.
What clues?  I'm going to work Helen Hudson.
The same as the firs two. Definitely a serial.
Good.
Right.
Right.
Am I in charge of this thing?  Or not.
You messed with the scene.
We're going to review all the evidence carefully before making any statement...
Detective Niccoletti?
You messed with the evidence.
I just got here.  Talk to you later...
I just got here myself, Susan.
