No, she can come in tomorrow... gonna want to know a lot of things...
"Spokes<u>person</u>."
So I'm maybe gonna lose three good cops?  You fucked up on this occasion, but don't be so hard on yourself.  There's something I want you to think about.  The book says if you use your gun, use it to kill, that's what it's meant to do. You tried to pick this punk off with fancy shooting, to keep him alive.  To what end?  You're not willing to kill, you can't be a cop.  Go get drunk.  I am.
Nikko?
Saks.  If he knew you did that! They're all asking me, 'what is she doing,' as it is.
You have no authority to make a deal like that.  That' s for the D.A...
How'd you get in on the deal?
You got a suspect...
I didn't want the Illigals, I wanted just the bastards dumping them in the harbor.  What's keeping those bums at Immigration?  Nightmare in here...
Just, I need results.  And -- I am short-handed.  Who else am I gonna give him?
Teach both of them a lesson in cooperation and self-discipline.
M.J., I'm going to have to borrow Ruben.  The alien-smuggling thing in Chinatown is going down tomorrow night and Jack's kid got hit by a car.  I gotta give Ruben to Nikko.
What the hell you need her for?
Where you going?
Okay, now what about your sidekick punching my favorite detective? What the hell is going on?  You got no discipline in your operation.
Christ.  How old are you?  You sure you want to be in this line of work?
So what have we got?
With the F.B.I. there's no such thing as a little help.  They bury you with help.  Explain to me about this virus, no don't tell me about the virus.  Thing is, you saw it, the pictures.
What?  I talk like a cop, this is the way I talk.  I can't believe this guy.  Saks.  He's a Deputy Assistant Director of the F.B.I. "Let me help you!"
Or for some new nutcase to copycat the copycat.
I know.  Get out here.
Who've I got to beat up except the messenger?  Does this give us anything to go on?
You ever reflect how this big explosion in dead women coincides with the flowering of women's lib?
Sergeant?
How about I put Nikko on it?
I'm <U>telling</u> you.  Don't you <u>ever</u> address me publicly in that tone. You'll work what and <u>who</u> I tell you to work.
Would you step outside, Sergeant?
What are you looking at that for? Helen Hudson.  Work the clues.
There was no sperm.
We're gonna have a bunch of clapped out old hippies blissing on the Grateful Dead!  Sleeping in the park, smoking dope and sticking tulips up their ass.
This is the anniversary of the summer of love and your city fathers have declared a Festival of Love.  The Mayor and Chamber of Commerce don't want TV announcing killers on the loose.
You didn't say serial killer and I didn't say serial killer.
I said you were...
I tagged the goddamned stocking. It ain't lost.  We're sequestering that evidence.  That's the trap some son of a bitch is going to fall into...
Shut up.
What's going down with the sting in Chinatown?  That gonna be off your plate in a week or what?
Then you shoulda known she wasn't buying.  She was just long-term leasing' you.  Ah, Nickie.  Except for that rare twenty-second twitch, there ain't nothin' about sex I don't hate. But of course, I'm Irish.  Plus I got <u>real</u> problems.  I'm worried I might have to put you in over M.J.  There's something going on here, the Commissioner is targeting her now, I can't leave a woman in that position.  But the thing is, how can I move <u>you</u> in, if you go on acting like a teenage asshole?
Don't give me six years!  You never divorced Patty, did you?  So what'd you expect from M.J.?
She left you, Nikko.  She's not your responsibility.  She takes very good care of herself.  If she wants to romance the kid, it ain't your business.  Your business is to snap out of it.
