Take care of the little things first, the things that are distracting you from taking care of the big things. Call Chub Merritt, get your car back, call a dentist, for God's sake, and get your tooth pulled, don't trust the locals, get your facts straight and go straight to the state police. Let them work on this.
For what?
Wade, are you alright?
I remember clearly cause when I heard I became real careful around Pop. I was a careful child and I became a careful adult, but at least I wasn't afflicted by that man's violence.
And Elbourne and Mom took you to the doctor and told him you fell from the hay loft.
It wasn't me. I wasn't there, but I heard about it. When I heard about it, it was about Elbourne.
It may have happened, but not the way you said.
I hate to disappoint you, but I don't think it happened.
I was thinking about that story you told me, about Pop and chopping the firewood out of the ice and after.
I care about what happened. The truth. I'm a student of history, remember?
Not particularly.
A hunting accident is perfect.
Here's my theory. Twombley, unaware of illegal union loans or whatever, starts nosing around cause of the investigation and finds out. Finds out his son-in-law is involved.
Okay. It's likely there are people in the union who don't want Twombley to testify. They probably include his son-in-law who's vice-president and will probably be the next president. I read that in the papers. What's his name, Mel Gordon?
They wouldn't deal with a guy like Jack. Who else benefits if Twombley is suddenly dead?
Money.
Well, your friend, I think. Jack Hewitt.
That it wasn't an accident.
I think your first response to the Twombley shooting was the correct one.
Want to know what I think happened?
Anything new about the shooting? Twombley?
Well, do you still plan to get married?
What about Margie?
No thanks. I don't drink.
What about Jill? Is Lillian bringing her?
Haven't you already done a bit of that?
Get some sleep.
Don't think about it. You're exhausted.
What happened?
Who?
How was she?
Huh?
They were out deer hunting, right? Jack probably heard the gun go off, then came back and found the body.
You think Jack shot him?
Twombley.
He was scheduled to testify for a committee investigating organized crime in New England and the construction business.
Wade, it's late. I know you're probably at Toby's, but I'm in bed reading. We got different habits.
There was something. It happened up your way.
Wade?
