I looked all over for you last night, you know that?
Brush her. Listen, you wanna come with me tonight, or you wanna go with this dog?
She musta kept you inna shadows all night.
Boy, she musta been some talker. She musta been about fifty years old.
Boy, you really musta made out good last night.
Marty, let's go downna Seventy-Second Street area tonight.
You got me mad, that's why. Hey, Joe, show Marty that picture.
Are you kidding?
Who you gonna call?
Oh, I couldn't eat nothing. My mother just stuffed me right up to the jaws.
All right, I'll see you!
It's Saturday night! There's still plenty-a action around!
It's early.
You want me to ride down with you?
Waddaya gonna do now?
I been looking all over for you!
Where you been, for Pete sakes?! I been looking all over for you.
Well, waddaya say, you wanna ask them? I'll take the one inna green dress.
Down there. That little one there.
There's a nice-looking little short one for you right now.
Not a bad crowd tonight, you know?
So what do you feel like doing tonight?
My old lady, every word outta her mouth, when you gonna get married?
Boy, you're getting to be a real drag, you know that?
I'll call her up.
I could see she likes you.
Well, we're back to that, huh? I say to you, "What do you feel like doing tonight?" And you say to me, "I don't know, what do you feel like doing?" And then we wind up sitting around your house with a coupla cansa beer, watching Sid Caesar on television. Well, I tell you what I feel like doing. I feel like calling up this Mary Feeney. She likes you.
Well, what do you feel like doing tonight?
Well, let's call her up. What can we lose?
We took them home alla way out in Brooklyn. Her name was Mary Feeney. What do you say? You think I oughta give her a ring? I'll take the skinny one.
That big girl that was sitting in front of us with the skinny friend.
Well, we oughta do something. It's Saturday night. I don't wanna go bowling like last Saturday. How about calling up that big girl we picked up inna movies about a month ago in the RKO Chester?
So waddaya feel like doing tonight?
