You will see. A coupla months, you gonna be an old lady, sleeping onna couch in her daughter-in-law's house.
Well, that's all. You will see. Today, tomorrow, inna week, he's gonna say to you, "Hey, Ma, it's no good being a single man. I'm tired-a running around." Then he's gonna say, "Hey, Ma, wadda we need this old house? Why don't we sell this old house, move into a nicer parta town? A nice little apartment?"
They're the worst. College girls are one step from the streets. They smoke like men inna saloon. My son Joseph, his wife, you know, she types onna typewriter. One step from the streets, I tell you. Mrs. Pilletti ponders this philosophy for a moment.
Were the lights on?
Your son Marty?
Who?
These are the worst years. I tell you. It's gonna happen to you. I'm afraida look inna mirror. I'm afraid I'm gonna see an old lady with white hair, like the old ladies inna park, little bundles inna black shawl, waiting for the coffin. I'm fifty- six years old. What am I to do with myself? I have strength in my hands. I wanna cook. I wanna clean. I wanna make dinner for my children. Am I an old dog to lie in fronta the fire til my eyes close? These are the terrible years, Theresa! Terrible years!
It pains that they should do this.
So I am an old garbage bag, put inna street.
My son Thomas came to see you this afternoon, and he said to you he wants to cast his mother from his house?
What they say?
When was this?
Who?
Ah?
I keep one eye open when I sleep, because she's gonna come in, stab me in my bed.
She gave me the evil eye.
She's a witch, that one. I tell you what happen yesterday?
Did I tell you she threw the bottle- a milk at me?
That's my son Thomas's baby.
I wake up this morning, I hear the baby crying. So I wake up. I come in their room. That girl is shaking her hand atta baby. I said, "You brute! Don't you strike that baby! That's my son's baby!"
You know the old man upstairs in this house. Old Irishman, always drunk. He got pleurisy. He was inna hospital two weeks. He died yesterday.
Well, he died. You know who else died?
Do you remember Emilio DiGiorgio, owned the tavern in Abruzzi?
That's nice. I gotta letter from my husband's cousin in Abruzzi. His mother died.
That's nice.
I gotta pains in my shoulder too. I have a pain in my hip, and my right arm aches so much I can't sleep. It's a curse to be old. How you feel?
I gotta pain in my left side, and my leg throbs like a drum.
Hey! What are you doing here?
