Okay.
Okay.
We just live one flight up.
How do you do?
Nothing.
All right.
I'll wait for your call.
I'd like that very much.
Nothing.
Marty...
No...
No...
Marty...
No, Marty, please...
Maybe that would be a good idea.
Oh, I'm fine.
No, thank you. I don't think I should stay very long.
Yes, I know.
Actually, I don't make friends easily.
I'm afraid of being lonely.
Well, that's what I was saying. My father is getting old. And we're very close. He's a wonderful man, really...
...It's really a fine opportunity for me. But I'm not sure I want to be a department head. It's mostly executive and administrative work. Well, anyway, I told you about my father, and he depends on me a great deal, and...
I really should get home, I told my father... Well, I suppose a little while longer. I wonder if there's any place around here I could put some makeup on...
I really should get home...
I think anything you want to do, you'll do well.
It's my feeling that you really want to buy this shop, Marty.
I don't.
There's nothing wrong with being a butcher.
Yes, I know.
Yes, I know.
Thank you.
Benjamin Franklin High School.
I'm twenty-nine years old. How old are you?
You're a very nice guy, and I don't know why some girl hasn't grabbed you off long ago.
I'm having a very good time, too.
This is something recent with me, this bursting into tears at the least thing.
Well, the last time I was up here, that's where I sat. I sat there for an hour and a half, without moving a muscle. Now and then, some fellow would sort of walk up to me and then change his mind. I'll never forget just sitting there for an hour and a half with my hands in my lap. Then I began to cry, and I had to get up and go home.
I was up here twice before. Once with a friend of mine and once I came up alone. The last time... do you see that girl in the gray dress sitting over there?
Goodnight, Mrs. Pilletti.
It was very nice meeting you, Mrs. Pilletti. I hope I'll see you again.
It's silly of me to argue about it. I don't know the people involved.
I don't think a mother should depend so much upon her children for her rewards in life.
Well, I don't know the people, of course, but as a rule, I don't think a mother-in-law should live with a young couple.
You mustn't feel too harshly against her daughter-in-law. She also wants to have a house to clean and a family to cook for.
Couldn't she find some sort of hobby to fill out her time?
No, thank you, really, Mrs. Pilletti.
No, Mrs. Pilletti. We were just going home. Thank you very much anyway.
