Waddaya getting so sore about?
I told this dog I was gonna call her today about two-thirty.
I didn't think she was so bad-looking.
We just talked.
I don't feel like going, Angie. I thought I'd take this girl to a movie.
Listen, Angie, I wanna tell you, you were very impolite last night. I introduced you to the girl, you just turned and walked off. Now, why did you do that?
I was gonna call that girl from last night. Take her to a movie tonight.
We gotta whole pot inna kitchen. We give you a plate-a your own.
Where you going?
Angie, by the time I get Clara home, it's gonna be one, one-thirty. By the time I get home, it's gonna be two o'clock. I gotta get up for ten o'clock mass tomorrow.
It must be one o'clock.
What for?
I'm gonna take Clara home. It's close to one.
I looked for you, Angie, before I cut out, but I couldn't find you.
I think this number is a little fast. Wait a minute.
Yeah, she looks all right from here.
Where?
There was one nice-looking one there inna black dress and beads, but she's dancing now.
I don't know. What do you feel like doing?
My mother, boy, she drives me crazy.
Angie, I'm thirty-four years old. I been looking for a girl every Saturday night of my life. I'm tired of looking. Everybody's always telling me to get married. Get married. Get married. Don't you think I wanna get married? I wanna get married. They drive me crazy. Now, I don't wanna wreck your Saturday night for you, Angie. You wanna go somewhere, you go ahead. I don't wanna go.
You call her up for yourself, Angie. I don't feel like calling her up.
Yeah, sure.
What makes you say that?
I don't know. What do you feel like doing?
I didn't like her, Angie. I don't feel like calling her up.
She probably got a date by now, Angie.
Oh, yeah.
Which one was that?
I don't know, Ang'. Wadda you feel like doing?
She wasn't so bad.
Who told you that?
Hello, Lou, Angie come in yet?
Come on over about half past seven, we'll think of something.  Hello, Ma, what's the matter?
Okay, so I'll see you tomorrow night then.
So I'll call you tomorrow.
You got an elevator in this house?
What happened, Angie, was that we thought we were just gonna go for a short walk, and then we thought we were gonna come right back, but we got to talking. Listen, Angie, I want you to meet Clara...  Clara, this is my best friend, Angie. I told you about him.
Waddaya doing New Year's Eve?
We better get started to your house, because the buses only run about one an hour now.
The reason I can't be definite about it now is my Aunt Catherine is probably coming over tomorrow, and I may have to help out.
I'll call you up tomorrow morning. Maybe, we'll go see a movie.
Waddaya doing tomorrow night?
Please...
Please...
I just wanna kiss, that's all.
I like you. I like you. I been telling you all night, I like you...
You want me to take you home, I'll take you home.
So I was telling you, my kid brother Nickie got married last Sunday. That was a very nice affair. And they had this statue of some woman, and they had whiskey spouting outta her mouth. I never saw anything so grand in my life.  And watta meal. I'm a butcher, so I know a good hunka steak when I see one. That was choice filet, right off the toppa the chuck. A buck eighty a pound. Of course, if you wanna cheaper cut, get rib steak. That gotta lotta waste on it, but it comes to about a buck and a quarter a pound, if it's trimmed. Listen, Clara, make yourself comfortable. You're all tense.
Sure. Just take off your coat a minute.
Siddown, take off your coat. You want something to eat? We gotta whole half-chicken in the icebox.
Come on inna dining room.
This is the kitchen.
What're you talking about? You're a real likeable person. You'll make friends out there in Portchester one, two, three. You'll have people visiting you alla time. I'll come visit you. I'll borrow my brother Freddie's car, or you can call me up when you feel blue, or I'll call you up. And it's gonna be nice. Don't be so afraid.
Oh, you won't be so lonely. You'll make friends right away.
I think you're kidding yourself, Clara. I used to think about moving out, you know? And that's what I used to say. "My mother needs me." But when you really get down to it, that ain't it at all. Actually, you need your father. You know what I mean? You're living at home, and you got your father and mother there, and you can go on like that -- being a little girl all your life.
Why don't you just move out to Portchester?
It's only a quarter of twelve. The clock's right over there.
I only got about three bucks on me now, but I just live about eight blocks from here on the other side of Webster Avenue. Why don't we walk back to my house? I'll run in, pick up some dough, and let's step out somewhere.
Wadda you think?
That's true. I do. But I'm gonna have to take outta loan inna bank eight thousand dollars. That's a big note to carry, because I have to give Mr. Gazzara a mortgage, and what I have to weigh is: will it pay off in the end more than I can make onna salary?
Well, the point is Mr. Gazzara wantsa sell his shop now, because he and his wife are lonely, and they wanna move out to California in Los Angeles and live near their married daughter. Because she's always writing them to come out there. So it's a nice little shop. I handle his books for him, so I know he has a thirty-five percent markup which is not unreasonable, and he takes home net maybe a hundred, hundred and fifty bucks a week. The point is, of course, you gotta worry about the supermarkets. There's two inna neighborhood now, and there's an A&P coming in, at least that's the rumor. Of course, mosta his trade is strictly Italian, but the younger Italian girls, they get married, and they don't stick to the old Italian dishes so much. I mean, you gotta take that into account too.
Well, I wouldn't call it an elegant profession. It's in a lower social scale. People look down on butchers.
So then Mr. Gazzara -- he was a frienda my father -- he offered me this job in his butcher shop, and everybody pleaded with me to take it. So that's what happened. I didn't wanna be a butcher.
I'm a Catholic, you know, and even to think about suicide is a terrible sin.
...When I got outta the army, Clara, I was lost. I didn't know what I wanted to do. I was twenny-five years old, what was I gonna do, go back to my old job, forty cents an hour. I thought maybe I go to college under the G.I. Biller Rights, you know? But I wouldn't graduate till I was twenny-eight, twenny-nine years old, even if I made it in three years. And my brother Freddie wanted to get married, and I had three unmarried sisters -- in an Italian home, that's a terrible thing. And my kid brother Nickie, he's a one got married last week. So I just went to pieces. I used to walk inna streets till three, four o'clock inna mornings. My mother used to be so worried about me. My uncle Mario come over one time. He offered me a job driving his hack onna night shift. He got his own cab, you know. And God forgive me for what I'm gonna say now, but I used to thinka doing away with myself. I used to stand sometimes in the subway, and God forgive me what I'm going to say, I used to feel the tracks sucking me down under the wheels.
You gotta real nice face, you know? It's really a nice face.
Benjamin Franklin, where's that? Brooklyn? I went to Theodore Roosevelt right up here on Fordham Road. It's right arounna corner from my house. I have a cousin who's a teacher. He teaches Latin. He lives in Chicago. He was studying to be a Jesuit, but he gave it up after his first vows.
...you teach chemistry? That's funny. Where? What school?
I'm thirty-four.
I don't know either. I think I'm a very nice guy. I also think I'm a pretty smart guy in my own way.
So there you are. So I guess I'm not such a dog as I think I am.
Oh, I cry all the time, any little thing. My brothers, my brother-in- laws, they're always telling me what a goodhearted guy I am. Well, you don't get goodhearted by accident. You get kicked around long enough, you get to be a real professor of pain. I know exactly how you feel. And I also want you to know I'm having a very good time with you now and really enjoying myself. So you see, you're not such a dog as you think you are.
I cry a lot too. I'm a big cryer.
Yeah.
You come up here often?
You can't just walk off onna girl like that.
Are you kidding?
What?
I'm stag.
You say something?
Sure. This girl said...
Well, I understand the problem about the supermarkets, but I was talking to this girl last night, and she made the point that a likeable personality is a valuable business asset.
Well, you see, Thomas I figure the big problem is the supermarkets. But Patsy's shop, that's a specialized trade. The supermarkets don't carry Italian meat.
No, I don't know. That's why I'm asking you.
Tommy, gimme a coupla minutes, because I promised Mr. Gazzara I'd let him know tomorrow. See, what I wanna know, Tom, if a buncha individual retail merchants get together, how does it operate? On individual mark- ups? You know what I mean? Say I'm the butcher and Aldo Capelli, he's the dairyman and grocer, so suppose I mark up thirty-five percent, but he works on forty, so...
Boy, beautiful day, hey, Thomas?
Don't worry about it.
All right, I'll see you, Thomas, because he wants an answer by Monday.
You're the accountant inna family, and I figure you might know about these things. My boss wantsa sell his shop to me. His kids are all married, you know, and he and his wife live alone, and they wanna move out to California where his daughter lives, so he wantsa sell his shop. He wants five thousand dollars down, although I think I can knock him downa four...
Tommy, before you go, I wonder if you gimme a little advice.
I don't know, Ma. I'm all knocked out. I think I'll just hang arounna house and watch...
Well, let's not get inna fight about it, Ma.
What didn't you like about her?
You don't like her. You only met her for two minutes.
What are you talking about? She's a nice girl.
I don't know. I don't think so.
What, Ma?
She's twenty-nine, Ma.
I heard you, Ma.
Hello, Ma, waddaya say, it's getting a little late.
All right, Ma. I'll be back in about an hour, an hour anna half.
Ma, I'm gonna take her home now. It's getting late, and the buses only run about one an hour.
I offered her, Ma, she don't want nothing.
Might as well siddown a minute, Clara.
Oh, she's coming, eh, Ma?
How'd you come home, Ma? Thomas give you a ride?
We just got here about fifteen minutes ago. Ma, I want you to meet Miss Clara Snyder. She's graduate of New York University. She teaches chemistry in Benjamin Franklin High School.
Ma! Leave me alone!
I'm ugly... I'm ugly! I'm UGLY!
Blue suit, gray suit, I'm still a fat man. A fat ugly man.
So I'll die without a son.
Ma, I'm gonna stay home and watch Jackie Gleason.
Sooner or later, there comes a point in a man's life when he gotta face some facts, and one fact I gotta face is that whatever it is that women like, I ain't got it. I chased enough girls in my life. I went to enough dances. I got hurt enough. I don't wanna get hurt no more. I just called a girl just now, and I got a real brush-off, boy. I figured I was past the point of being hurt, but that hurt. Some stupid woman who I didn't even wanna call up. She gave me the brush. I don't wanna go to the Stardust Ballroom because all that ever happened to me there was girls made me feel like I was a bug. I got feelings, you know. I had enough pain. No, thank you.
Ma, when are you gonna give up? You gotta bachelor on your hands. I ain't never gonna get married.
Oh, Thomas. Ma, it's just a big dance hall, and that's all it is. I been there a hundred times. Loaded with tomatoes. Boy, you're funny, Ma.
Ha! Who told you about the Stardust Ballroom?
It's loaded with what?
What?
I don't know, Ma. I'm all knocked out. I may just hang arounna house.
Oh, we got plenny-a room here.
Sure, Ma, it's okay with me.
Hello, Ma.
I'm coming home right now, Ma. I'll be home in about two minutes. Tell Thomas stick around, I wanna see him about something.
Hello, Ralph. How'd you make out with those nurses last night, Ralph?
I can't do that, Ralph, because somebody already brushed her off once tonight.
I'm with a girl, Ralph.
Hiya.
Waddaya mean, Ralph?
Hello, Ralph.
You still owe me ten bucks from last week, if that's what you're working up to.
What nurses?
Waddaya read there, Joe?
Hey, Lou, gimme two bottles-a beer...
Hiya, Ralph...
You want a beer, Ang'?
Hey, Ang'...
That's swell, Missus Fusari.
Missus Fusari, Missus Canduso over there, she's inna big hurry, and...
No, that's my sister Margaret's husband, Frank. My sister Margaret, she's married to the insurance salesman, and my sister Rose, she married a contractor. They moved to Detroit last year. And my other sister Frances, she got married about two and a half years ago in Saint John's Church on Kingsbridge Avenue. Oh, that was a big affair. Well, let's see now, that'll be about a dollar- seventy-nine. How's that with you?
No, that's my other brother, Freddie. My other brother Freddie, he's been married four years already. He lives down on Webb Avenue. The one who got married Sunday, that was my little brother, Nickie.
That's right, Missus Fusari. It was a very nice affair.
