Catherine, you are a blanket of gloom. Wherever you are, the rain follows. Someday, you gonna smile, and we gonna declare a holiday.
I don't sell this house, I tell you that. This is my husband's house. I had six children in this house.
That's the first time Marty ever brought a girl to this house. She seems like a nice girl. I think he has a feeling for this girl. You heard him sing. He been singing like that all morning.
Oh sure.  This girl is a college graduate.
Well, what Marty you think is gonna be here in this house with a girl?
Marty.
Hey, I come home from your house last night, Marty was here with a girl.
Catherine, my sister...
Catherine, you are very dear to me. We have cried many times together. When my husband died, I would have gone insane if it were not for you. I ask you to come to my house, because I can make you happy. Please come to my house.
I know it pains.
Oh, Catherine, please! Don't make a tragedy. You come to my house where you know you be happier yourself.
Catherine, don't make an opera outta this. The three-a you anna baby live in three skinny rooms. You are an old goat, and she has an Italian temper. She is a good girl, but you drive her crazy. Catherine, you are no fool. You know this is no good, an old woman living with a husband and wife. Two women inna same kitchen, anna house burns down.
You know what they say. They say things are no good in this house. Catherine, your son is married. Leave him in peace. He wantsa be alone with his wife. They don't want no old lady sitting inna balcony. Now I tell you what I think. I want you come live with me in my house with Marty and me. In my house, you have your own room. You don't have to sleep onna couch inna living room like here. We will cook inna kitchen and talk like when we were girls. You are dear to me, and you are dear to Marty. We are pleased for you to come.
This afternoon, about four, five o'clock.
Your son Thomas and his wife Virginia...
You son Thomas and Virginia, they come to my house this afternoon...
Catherine, I want you come live in my house with Marty and me.
Ufa!
What happen?
You told me.
Well, it ain't your baby.
It's her baby too, you know.
Well, I always like to visit you, Catherine, because you always got such cheerful news.
Who?
I don't think I remember him.
Oh.
We gotta postcard from my son Nickie and his bride. They're inna big hotel in Florida on their honeymoon. Everything is very nice.
I feel fine.
I been getting a pain in my shoulder.
I came to see you. How you feel?
Goodnight.
Sure.
Well, maybe that's what they teach you in New York University. In real life, it don't work out that way. You wait till you are a mother.
Where do you think a mother-in-law should go?
You don't think my sister Catherine should live in her daughter-in-law's house?
Hobby! What can she do? She cooks and she cleans. You gotta have a house to clean. You gotta have children to cook for. These are the terrible years for a woman, the terrible years.
It's a very sad business, I tell you. A woman, fifty-six years old, all her life, she had her own home. Now she's just an old lady, sleeping on her daughter-in-law's couch. It's a curse to be a mother, I tell you. Your children grow up and then what is left for you to do? What is a mother's life but her children? It is a very cruel thing when your son has no place for you in his home.
Well, siddown a minute. I just come inna house. I'll take off my coat. Siddown a minute.
Siddown, siddown. You want some chicken? We got some chicken in the ice box.
So what are you gonna do tonight, Marty?
I don't know! She don't look like Italian to me. Plenny a nice Italian girls around.
Don't bring her to the house no more.
I don't like her.
She didn't look Italian to me.
I said, is she Italian girl?
She looks thirty-five, forty. She didn't look Italian to me.
She's more than twenty-nine years old, Marty. That's what she tells you.
She looks a little old for you. About thirty-five, forty years old?
That was a nice girl last night, Marty.  She wasn't a very good-looking girl, but she looks like a nice girl.  I said, she wasn't a very good-looking girl... not very pretty...
Sure.
Sure.
Sure.
Did you offer the young lady some fruit?
Oh, sure.  Siddown, siddown. Marty, tell her siddown.
Oh, it's a sad business.  My sister, Catherine, she don't get along with her daughter-in-law, so she's gonna come live with us.
Hello, Marty, when you come home?
Marty...
You not ugly.
Put on your blue suit...
You gonna die without a son.
Marty...
You gonna get married.
Marty, I don't want you hang arounna house tonight. I want you to go take a shave and go out and dance.
Thomas. He told me it was a very nice place.
Tomatoes.
I say, why don't you go to the Stardust Ballroom? It's loaded with tomatoes.
So what are you gonna do tonight, Marty?
Sure! Sure! It's gonna be nice! It's gonna be nice! I'll come over tonight to your house, and I talk with Catherine, and you see, everything is gonna work out all right.
You gotta good heart.
Marty, Thomas and Virginia are here. They had another fight with your Aunt Catherine. So they ask me, would it be all right if Catherine come to live with us. So I said, all right with me, but we have to ask you. Marty, she's a lonely old lady. Nobody wants her. Everybody's throwing her outta their house...
Hello, Marty, when you coming home? Where you now? Because your cousin Thomas and his wife Virginia, they're here. They had another fight with your Aunt Catherine... I don't know...
Hello, Thomas, how do you feel?
Hey, why don't you go to the movie? Your mother and me, we're gonna be baby-sitter.
Don't worry. I'm gonna take care-a the whole thing.
Hello, Thomas.
Siddown, Thomas, siddown.
He says okay, it's all right Catherine comes here.
The Stardust Ballroom. It's loaded with tomatoes.
Well, I don't know. He sits arounna house alla time. You know a place he can go where he can find a bride?
You just sit here, I gotta turn the fire on under the cooking.
We gotta ask Marty, of course.
She's right. She's right. Young husband and wife, they should have their own home. And my sister Catherine, she's my sister, but I gotta admit, she's an old goat. And plenty-a times in my life, I feel like throwing the milk bottle at her myself. And I tell you now, as far as I'm concerned, if Catherine wantsa come live here with me and Marty, it's all right with me.
Sure, sure.
I think it be a better idea if you and Thomas go out, because otherwise she's gonna start a fight with you, and everybody's gonna be yelling.
I'm gonna see you tonight...
That's all right, that's all right...
No, Virginia, I know how you feel.
Well...
Sure.
Well, I don't know what you want me to do, Virginia. If you want me, I'll go talk to her tonight.
She was here, you know, Wednesday, and I said, "Catherine, my sister..."
He coming home right now.
