What girl, what does she know?  Why don't you let her hold the baby once in a while?! Your mother, boy, she wantsa take the kid for a day, that's fine!
Marty, see that my mother is nice and comfortable, eh?
Who buys Italian meat anymore? You think my wife buys Italian meat?  She goes to the A&P, picks up some lamb chops wrapped in cellophane, opens up a canna peas, and that's dinner, boy.
Wadda you wanna buy a shop for, will you tell me? You gotta good job, you got no wife, you got no responsibilities. Boy, I wish I was you, boy. Waddaya wanna tie yourself down with a shop? What's he want? Five thousand down? You're gonna have to carry a mortgage sixty, seventy bucks a month. A mortgage anna note from the bank. For Pete's sake, you're a single man with no responsibilities. Stay that way, boy. Take my advice.
Waddaya talking about, do you know what you're talking about?
Sure, great if you ain't married.
No, listen, that's my mother, I'm gonna pay for her...
Sure. Thanks a lot about my mother. We'll work out some arrangement, because naturally I want to pay...
Sure, what?
Ah, my mother, she drives me crazy. I hadda beg her to let me drive her over here. The martyr. She always gotta be the big martyr.
Hello, Aunt Theresa.
Ma, you want something to eat, some tuna fish?
Aunt Theresa, we figure the best way to ask her is you say that you're very lonely, see? And wouldn't she come and keep you company, because that way, you see...
I just this minute got the baby to sleep.
Hello, Aunt Theresa.
I just wanna thank you people again, because the situation was just becoming impossible.
Oh, Marty, thanks a lot. That really takes a load offa my mind.
Right.
Well, there's the Stardust Ballroom. That's a kind of a big dance hall. Every Saturday night, it's just loaded with girls. It's a nice place to go. You pay seventy-seven cents. It used to be seventy-seven cents. It must be about a buck and half now. And you go in and you ask some girl to dance. That's how I met Virginia. Nice, respectable place to meet girls. You tell Marty, Aunt Theresa, you tell him, "Go to the Stardust Ballroom. It's loaded with tomatoes."
Oh, he'll get married, don't worry, Aunt Theresa.
Sure.
That's very nice-a you, Aunt Theresa.
All right, Ginnie, don't get so excited.
...You hadda be the boss inna kitchen alla time!
Once a month you couldn't let her use the kitchen!
What about the time she wanted to make an old-fashioned Italian dinner for my brother, but you wouldn't let her!?
Wadda you so sore about?
I don't wanna hear anymore about it, you hear me?
Virginia, I don't wanna hear no more about it!
I know what you're gonna say. A man's gotta stop being his mother's baby sooner or later. How many times you gonna say it? She's my mother, you know. I oughta have some feelings about her, don't you think?
I don't wanna talk about it!
All right, Ginnie. I don't wanna talk anymore about it.  I don't think I got one hour's sleep the whole night.  Last night was the first time in my life I ever heard my mother cry, you know that?
I'll see you at mass tomorrow. We'll sit down and we'll discuss the whole thing.
Marty, I don't know how to tell you how much I appreciate what you and your mother are doing, because the kinda thing was happening in our house was Virginia was in the kitchen making some milk for the baby. So my mother comes in...
How's Marty been lately, Aunt Theresa?
Okay.
Well, I'll tell you, Aunt Theresa...
