I can't imagine why.
Just keep kicking.
Wednesday... No, it's Tuesday, I think.
Quint...?
Don't shoot him any more! He's crazy on his own blood already!
It's a whale out there.
You were on the Indianapolis? In '45? Jesus...
This is quite a place.
I hope we get some more help.
Out there is a Perfect Engine, an Eating Machine that is a miracle of evolution -- it swims and eats and that's all. Look at that! Those proportions are correct.  I know sharks.
I'm familiar with the fact that you are going to ignore this thing until it swims up and bites you on the ass! There are only two ways to solve this thing: you can kill it, or you can cut off its food supply...
I just pulled a shark tooth the size of a shot glass out of the hull of a wrecked boat out there.
A shark's attack is stimulated by the kind of splashing and activity that occurs whenever humans go swimming -- you can't avoid it!
You're situation here suggests that a Great White has staked out a claim in the waters around Amity Island, and that he will continue to feed here as long as there is food in the water.
A White! A Great White, I found a tooth buried in the hull. He must've attacked... I knew it... Gardner's dead in there. I didn't see the mate...
We will. There's something I've got to find out.
He didn't have a dinghy aboard. I'm going down to take a look at his hull.
They must've hit something.
I want to check something. Hold my feet.
It is a job. I'm not fooling around like some amateur. It's my life!
I Bought it.  Both sets of grandparents set up trust funds for me; stocks went up, so I don't have to touch my principal.
Sometimes.  Look here -- something big, probably a school of mackerel clumped together. And staying right with us.
Depth-finder, fathometer, sonar, closed-circuit TV -- fore and aft -- RDF, single side band...  And two loose nuts behind the wheel.
Only one sure way to find him -- offer him a little something to eat. Chum -- blood, waste meat, fish, anything. They can sense it miles away. If he's out there, we might be able to get a closer look at him.  It's a good time, too. They're night feeders...
If you're looking for a shark, you don't look on land. You go out and chum for him.
...Nothing.
No, but Tiger sharks are the garbage cans of the ocean. They eat anything. But this one didn't eat any people. There's nothing here...
Florida license plate.
Just as I thought. He drifted up here with the Gulf Stream, from southern waters.
Half a flounder. Hmmm... a burlap bag... a paint can... aha!
Our friend, the shark.
...And it was Dartmouth Winter weekend, and she was Homecoming Queen, and I was her date; then she got into the fact that her family had more money than my family, and she was right -- her great-grandfather was in mining, and my ancestors were Yankee shipbuilders. So we broke up and I went home with some beatnik from Sarah Lawrence.
You could say that.
It's called Territoriality. It's a theory.
Rogue?
About half of them. A lot of 'missing swimmers' are really shark victims.
Yeah. Like the kid on your beach. I wish I could've examined that shark they caught...
We ought to let it breathe... Whatever.
Dynamite!  How was your day...?
There are hundreds of different kinds of sharks; makos, blues, hammerheads, white-tips... any one of them could've attacked. Look -- shark digestion is slow. We could open this one up, and find whatever he's been eating is still inside.
I didn't say this wasn't the shark, I just said I wasn't sure this was the one...
Well, if one man can catch a fish in 50 days, then I guess 50 of these bozos can catch a fish in one day -- beginner's luck.
It wasn't an 'accident,' it wasn't a boat propeller, or a coral reef, or Jack the Ripper. It was a shark. It was a shark.
Left arm, head, shoulders, sternum and portions of ribcage intact.  Please don't smoke. With minor post- mortem lacerations and abrasions. Bite marks indicate typical non-frenzy feeding pattern of large squali, possibly carchaninus lonimanus, or isurus glaucas. Gross tissue loss and post-mortem erosion of bite surfaces prevent detailed analysis; however, teeth and jaws of the attacking squali must be considered above average for these waters.  -- Did you go out in a boat and look around?
...height and weight may only be estimated from partial remains. Torso severed in mid-thorax, eviscerated with no major organs remaining. May I have a drink of water? Right arm severed above the elbow with massive tissue loss from upper musculature. Portions of denuded bone remaining.  -- did you notify the coast guard?
Hooper, Matt Hooper. From the Oceanographic Institute.
Officer, I wonder if you could tell me where I could find Chief Brody?
There's a fantail launch out there that won't make it beyond the breakwater.
Yep.
Better than Cousteau, or Compagno with computers, telemetry, Defense Department funding...
Is it! The best-funded research expedition to ever study the shark... around the world in 18 months.
Going out on the 'Aurora.'
Here's to your husband, the only other rational man on the island. Day after tomorrow, I'll be gone, and he'll be the only one.
I do.  But you've still got a problem here, there's a shark just off the island somewhere.
I wouldn't put it that way. But I love sharks.
Is anyone having this...?
Hi. I'm Matt Hooper. If your husband is here, I'd like to talk to him.
Power head with 20 ccs of strychnine nitrate. If I can hit him. I can kill him. But I gotta be close. Very close.
He's under!
He's heading under -- !
Coming right to us!
The shaft is giving.
Don't tell me -- 'Death Before Dishonor.' 'Mother.' 'Semper Fi.' Uhhh... 'Don't Tread on Me.' C'mon -- what?
I think I can top that, Mister...
I'll drink to your leg.
Bull shark scraped me while I was taking samples...
Ever see one like this?
Moray Eel. Bit right through a wet suit.
20 feet, if it's an inch...
What do you see?
I'm okay...
I don't know what it is, but it's not a shark.
Let it go, don't waste your time.
Aye, Aye SIR. Stand by to repel boarders. Poop the mainsail. Argh, Jim Boy.
That's pilot whale, isn't it?
Watch it! Compressed air -- you screw around with one of those and Boom! Careful, huh?
Nothing. Nothing, nothing, nothing.
What's that supposed to prove?
Anti-Shark cage.
I'll see ya. Tell Dorothy hello.
Look, I don't need to hear any of this working class hero crap. Some party boat skipper who's killed a few sharks...
I don't need to pass basic seamanship.
And I'm not talking about hooking some poor dogfish or sand shark. I'm talking about a Great White.
-- and an America's Cup Trials...
I've been to sea since I was 12. I've crewed three Trans-pacs --
That's it! I'm standing here arguing with a guy who can't wait to be a hot lunch. Goodbye.
Carcaradon carcharias. A Great White.
I don't have it.
Look, maybe this is the wrong time to pursue this, but I'm not sure...
Let's just cut him open and see what's inside...
