My kids were on that beach...
I was acting in the town's best interests...
Maybe we can save August...
I don't know if I can do that without a...
Why?
August! Tomorrow is the 4th of July, and we are going to open for business. It's going to be our best summer in years. If you're so concerned about the beaches, you two, you do whatever you have to to keep them safe, but with you or without you, the beaches stay open this weekend.
You'd love to prove that. Getting your name in the National Geographic.
I don't thing either of you is familiar with our problems...
What kind of a shark did you say it was?
Let's all get out of here, this place stinks.
Be reasonable, boys -- this isn't the time or the place to do some kind of half-assed autopsy on a fish. Ben...  do you have all the pictures you need?
I think we all owe a debt of gratitude to these men for catching this monster.
Who's that young man?
That's good. That's real good. Ben Meadows getting pictures for the paper.
Only 24 hours!
No need to involve outsiders in our business, Martin.
Martin, we hired the best man we could find.
I don't think you can appreciate the gut reaction people have to these things.
All I'm saying is that Amity is a summer town -- we need summer dollars, and if they can't swim here, they'll use the beaches at Cape Cod, or Long Island.
Martin!  Are you going to shut down the beach on your own authority?
C'mon, it'll give us time to think about what they're going to say.
Take my car, okay?  You come with us, Lenny.
Who've you told this to, Lenny?
What have you got there, Lenny?
Sick vandalism! Brody, that's a deliberate mutilation of a public service message! I want those little paint-happy bastards caught and hung up by their baby Buster Browns!
Well, I'm not going to commit economic suicide on that flimsy evidence. We depend on the summer people for our lives, and if our beaches are closed, then we're all finished.
Is that tooth here? Did anyone see it?
I'm sorry, Martin. She's in a sick, terrible state.
That's disgusting! This is the largest, meanest, most vicious shark ever landed off Amity Island, and a known maneater!
