Miss Connell's testimony will be very important.
It's the very danger itself that makes the cure possible, Mr. Holland.  The insulin produces a state of coma, a stupor.  The patient is revived from the coma by a violent overwhelming nerve shock. That nerve shock can kill -- but it can also restore the damaged mind.
I prepared these for you last night, Miss Connell.
Fortunately, not.  This is my first experience with it as a physician. But I have seen half-witted field hands -- whom the other peasants call Zombies.  I am sure they suffer from a similar destruction of spinal nerves as the result of high fever.
I've never heard of a cure.
I don't know.  I prefer to think of her as a sleepwalker who can never be awakened -- feeling nothing, knowing nothing.
You were possessed.  That is true -- possessed by your subconscious mind.  You were in the Houmfort, surrounded by their symbols.  To them, nothing worse can happen to a person than to be made into a Zombie.  Your subconscious mind used their own words for evil.
Two things had happened, Mrs. Rand. One was that your daughter-in-law had been taken ill with a fever. The other thing -- completely disconnected -- was that you had wished her ill, because she had hurt your sons.
Ah -- that's where reason took hold.
And what happened then, Mrs. Rand?
I think I do.  I've often talked a little voodoo to get medicine down a patient's throat.
I am afraid, Wesley, he has that right.  And I will have to urge him to use it.
This is something else.  They're curious.  Curiosity and religious fervor make a strange and explosive mixture.
Emotion tricks all of us, Mrs. Rand.  And you are a woman with a very strong conscience.  That conscience has been tormenting you. The rest is coincidence.  There is no such thing as a Zombie.  The dead do not come back to life. Death is final.
I did everything I could to forestall this, Paul.  I don't think there's any question of your innocence in the matter.  But there's been too much talk.  The thing's out of hand.
Of the nature of Mrs. Holland's illness.  And, of course, the events which led up to it.
In view of all the circumstances, the commissioner has decided on a legal investigation.
No -- it's about Mrs. Holland.  A result of our discussion the other day, I'm afraid.
Paul, we're not trying to blame Miss Connell.  It isn't a question of blame.  It's a question of what we are to do with Jessica.  The commissioner is very concerned.
It is a hard decision to make -- but yours is only a technical responsibility...
Insulin shock treatment is an extreme measure, Mr. Holland. But -- as Miss Connell pointed out when she suggested it -- this is an extreme case.
