Considering that the paper is three months old and this isn't Sunday -- no thank you.
Yes.
I want you to be safe, Betsy.  I want to know you're away from this place -- home again, where nothing can harm you -- nothing and no one.
I remember words I said to Jessica - words mixed like to poison -- to hurt her, to madden her.
The night you came to me in this room -- to comfort me, to help me -- I turned you away.
No.  It's not just how I felt toward Jessica.  I've been cruel to even you.
How do you know I'm not?  I was cruel to Jessica.  When I got to know her -- when I found out how empty and ungenerous she was, there was something about her -- something smooth and false -- that made we want to hurt her.
I have no defense.  So far as I know -- it is true.
I hated her.
You think I love Jessica and want her back. It is like you to think that -- clean, decent thinking.
What I saw the other night, I didn't dare believe, Betsy --
Because you wanted to give my wife back to me?  Why should that mean anything to you?
You have deliberately endangered Mrs. Holland's life.  There's no telling what you may have started with this insanity.  Why did you do it?
Help me? How?
Instead -- you come, with sympathy, Betsy, and a generous heart. Don't forget that.  Don't call it nothing.
I've been waiting here for hours, trying to imagine Jessica well again -- wondering what I'd feel. I could see Jessica as she used to be, I could hear her say in that sweet mocking voice, "Paul, darling..."  The whole thing beginning all over again...
Don't take it to heart, Betsy.
Well?
Didn't I?  I don't know.  That's the simple truth of it.  I don't know.
What you saw tonight -- two brothers at each other's throat and a woman driven mad by her own husband?  Do you love that?
You have helped me.  I want you to know I'm sorry I brought you here. When I thought of a nurse, I thought of someone hard and impersonal.
Why did you come in here?
I often do.
I'm afraid it's not very frightening.  They have their songs and dances and carry on and finally, as I understand it, one of the gods comes down and speaks through one of the people.
I'm afraid the decanter will have to stay where it is.  I engaged you, Miss Connell, to take care of my wife, not my brother.
I've no sympathy with people who can't resist temptation.
It's always stood there, Miss Connell.  I can remember it in my grandfather's time and my father's. I'm afraid it will have to remain.
Wesley can be very entertaining.
I heard about your little misadventure yesterday, Miss Connell.  On your first "day off," too.
Good morning, Miss Connell.
Don't.  It will save you a great deal of trouble and other people a great  unhappiness.
And charming?
Many people thought her beautiful.
You didn't find your patient so frightening in the daylight, did you?
Why should you be?  My wife is a mental case.  Please keep that in mind, Miss Connell -- particularly when some of the foolish people of this island start talking to you about Zombies.
A mental case?
Surely nurses aren't afraid of the dark?
And what is so alarming about the tower, Miss Connell?
That's hard to believe, after what happened last night.
I made it clear in my letter to the company.  This is not a position for a frightened girl.
Yes.  But it was once the figurehead of a slave ship.  That's where our people came from -- from the misery and pain of slavery. For generations they found life a burden. That's why they still weep when a child is born -- and make merry at a burial.
I'm not sure I can make you understand.  You know what this is?
A woman crying?  No one's been crying here.
No, thank you.  Tomorrow's time enough for you to begin work.
Have the servants made you comfortable?
It's easy enough to read the thoughts of a newcomer. Everything seems beautiful because you don't understand.  Those flying fish -- they are not leaping for joy. They're jumping in terror.  Bigger fish want to eat them. That luminous water -- it takes its gleam from millions of tiny dead bodies. It's the glitter of putrescence.  There's no beauty here -- it's death and decay.
It is not beautiful.
Dr. Maxwell is right, Mother.
Maybe it's better this way, Mother. I'm glad you're going home, Betsy -- you'll be out of the mess.
In other words, I'm on trial.
Investigation of what?
What about her?
An accident at the mill?
But I assure you, Father Walters, Miss Connell had no idea of the consequences when she went there.
Technical responsibility, real responsibility -- what difference does it make?  Jessica lives -- or she dies. That's what we're talking about!
I don't know -- I don't know--
You admit that it is terribly dangerous. Why do you advise it?
All that you say comes down to the same thing.  You are asking me to pass a sentence of life or death on my own wife.
