You must, Betsy. They'll have to believe you.
Why, Betsy -- we can't lose you. You mean too much to us here.
Perhaps not.  But I did come here and I found it was so simple to let the gods speak through me. Once started, it seemed such an easy way to do good.  I should have known there was no easy way to do good, Betsy.
-- and when my husband died I felt helpless. They disobeyed me -- things went from bad to worse. All my husband's dreams of good health, good sanitation, good morals for these sweet and gentle people seemed to die with him.  Then, almost accidentally, I discovered the secret of how to deal with them. There was a girl with a baby -- again and again I begged her to boil the drinking water. She never would. Then I told her the god, Shango, would be pleased and kill the evil spirits in the water if she boiled it. She boiled the water from then on.
I asked you to let me explain. It's a long story.  And not an easy one --
I knew you'd come. And I knew I'd have to come up here and talk to you. I couldn't let you go back without any word. I came to tell you again -- Jessica cannot be cured.
Wait. Don't draw any conclusions. Let me explain.
Her son drowned.  She brooded until her mind was affected. All the Houngan did was coax her out of it with a little practical psychology.
Frankly, my dear, I didn't expect anything like this from a nice level-headed girl.  What are you driving at?
A missionary's widow?  It isn't very likely, is it?
Haven't I?  I suppose I take it for granted. It's just part of everyday life here.
Some of this native nonsense. The Houngan has his prescription and Dr. Maxwell and I have ours.
Try it -- you may have more influence than you think.
Use your influence with Paul.  Ask him to take that whiskey decanter off the dinner table.
So -- he says I'm nice.  He's a nice boy, too, Miss Connell, a very nice boy.  But I'm worried about his drinking.
Nonsense, child!  I know Wesley's been drinking too much lately.  I know a great deal more about what goes on at Fort Holland than you'd think.  I know all about you -- that you're a nice girl, competent and kind to Jessica.  The Fort needs a girl like you.  But now we've got to get you back there.  I'll walk you back and stay over night.  It'll be a nice change for me.
Come, come, don't tell me how sorry you are that I should meet you this way.  I'm even a little glad that Wesley's difficulty brought us together.
I really intended going out to the Fort and meeting you long before this, Miss Connell.  I'm Mrs. Rand -- Wesley's mother.
Ti-Joseph?
I think you need some help.
But I had no thought of harming her.  It wasn't I...
Yes, I said it, and I made myself believe it. But when I got here, Jessica was already raging with fever.
I hated myself.  I kept saying to myself over and over again that these people had no power; they had no strange drugs; that there is no such thing as a Zombie.
It's more than that, Doctor.  I've entered into their ceremonies - pretended to be possessed by their gods...
Wesley!
I'm quite sure nothing will happen, Doctor.
I wouldn't worry too much, Commissioner.  It'll pass.  We've had this sort of thing before.
That night, I went to the Houmfort. I kept seeing Jessica's face -- smiling -- smiling because two men hated each other -- because she was beautiful enough to take my family in her hands and break it apart. The drums seemed to be beating in my head.  The chanting -- the lights --  everything blurred together.  And then I heard a voice, speaking in a sudden silence.  My voice.  I was possessed.  I said that the woman at Fort Holland was evil and that the Houngan must maker her a Zombie.
Betsy, tell them about the Houmfort.  Tell them what you saw there.
You're wrong, Wesley.  The guilt is mine -- all of it.
Dr. Maxwell -- it's nice to see you.
