Jessica was never any good for Paul.  You will be, you are.  And Mother -- seeing Jessica day after day -- never able to escape, never able to forget.  Please, Betsy -- it's only merciful.
You know what she is!  That's death -- no mind, no senses -- no love, no hate, no feeling -- nothing!
She's dead.  The dead ought to be buried.
She hated sleep.  She used to say it was a thief -- stealing away her life, an hour at a time...
Does she suffer?  Does she know what she is?
Betsy, can I talk to you a minute?
One of these days he'll start on you, the way he did on her.  "You think life's beautiful, don't you, Jessica?  You think you're beautiful, don't you, Jessica?"  What he could do to that word "beautiful." That's Paul's great weapon -- words.  He uses them the way other men use their fists.
That's right -- he's playing the noble husband for you, isn't he? That won't last long.
Why?  Everybody else knows it. Paul saw to that.  Sometimes I think he planned the whole thing from the beginning -- just to watch me squirm.
Did you hear what he sang?
Listen, did I tell you that story about the little mule at the plantation -- the little mule and Clement?  Let me tell you.  It's one of the funniest stories --
How do you know there's two ounces in a drink?
What in the world are you talking about?  Six ounces -- ?
Bring me another, Ti-Joseph.  I have to keep the lady entertained.
By a curious coincidence, it's my day off, too.
Well -- and things -- might be a better description of what you'll find.  I'd better come along and show you the town.
But what in the world can you do with a day off in St. Sebastian?
Where do you think you're going?
It'll wait.
Ah, yes, our Paul, strong and silent and very sad -- quite the Byronic character. Perhaps I ought to cultivate it.
Yes, the redoubtable Paul.  He has the plantation, and I, as you must have noticed, have all the charm.
Don't worry.  I wasn't missed.  The only important man here is the owner.
As a matter of fact, it means the sugar syrup is ready to be poured off.  You'll have to excuse me.
We're half-brothers.  Paul is mother's first child.  When his father died, she married my father. Dr. Rand, the missionary.  And you know what they say about missionaries' children.
I went to school in Buffalo.  Paul went to school in England.
My brother's wife.
And that --  is my chair.  And this --  is Miss Connell -- who is beautiful.
No -- she just runs the place. She's everything else -- amazing woman, mother.  You'll like her.
And that chair --  is the particular property of Mrs. Rand -- mother to both of us and much too good for either of us. Too wise, in fact, to live under the same roof. She prefers the village dispensary.
It seems we are having dinner by ourselves, Miss Connell.  But I may as well introduce everyone to you, anyway.  There -- in the master's chair, sits the master -- my half-brother Paul Holland.  But you've already met him.
Foolish?  Tell them how foolish it is, Paul -- tell them!
Because he drove Jessica insane -- deliberately -- coldly!
I tell you he hasn't and he wouldn't dare use it if he had.
It doesn't matter what you call it. I can tell you right now Jessica isn't going!
To the asylum?
Well, Jeffries, why come to us about it?  Why don't you go up to the Houmfort and put a stop to the drumming and dancing -- that's what causes all the trouble.
That isn't true.  You never understood her.
Are you going to lie for him, Mother?
We're all in it.  There won't be a shred of pride or decency left for any of use.  Say something, Paul!  You've always been good with words.  Put some together, now, and tell us that you're not responsible -- that every damnable bit of it doesn't rest squarely on your shoulders!
Dr. Maxwell has very unpleasant news for us.
