Know it, and go on out the yard. Go on.
There ain't.
You got to go sometime. You got to go out there by yourself sometime.
Why you never go back to Lady Jone's and learn your letters? You liked going there I remember. Seeing the other children. Then all a sudden, you stop.
No. I'm looking for what I was put here to look for: the back door.
What I know is what I see: a nigger woman hauling shoes.
Was a time I knew what was.
Not like He punished me.
I'm saying they came into my yard.
I'm saying they came into my yard.
Those white things have taken all I had or dreamed. I'm saying ain't no bad luck in this world 'cept for white folks..They just don't know when to stop.
No, Stamp. I ain't.
Can't say. It's something can't be planned.
I likes yellow.
Blue. That doesn't hurt nobody. Yellow neither.
What I have to do is get in my bed and lay down. I want to fix on something harmless in this world.
That's the last thing they took from me.
If I call them, and they come what on earth am I going to say to them.
Well what?
I got a delivery around here. Name of Tucker.
Folks come. Folks go.
...All I remember is how she loved the bottom of burned bread. Her little hands...I wouldn't know 'em if they slapped me".
Those boys didn't even know him. You had six whole years of marriage to my Halle Fathered every one of your children. A blessing. I learned hard that a man's just a man, but a son like that...like Halle..now that's somebody.
Oh, I remember bits and pieces of all of'em I guess..Halle, of course..I had Halle a lifetime. Almost twenty years... My two girls, sold and gone before I could even a heard about it, and them without their grown up teeth yet. My third child, my son after Halle...I let that straw boss have me for four months so's I could keep that boy. Next year, he had him traded for lumber anyway and me pregnant with his child. I couldn't love that child. I wouldn't. Not any of the rest either. God take what He would....and He did...
What'd be the point? Not a house in the country ain't packed to the rafters with some dead Negro's grief. We lucky our ghost is a baby. My husband spirit come back? Or yours? Don't talk to me! Ha..You lucky. You got one child left, still pullin at your skirts. Be thankful. I had eight. Eight with six fathers. Every one of them gone from me. Four taken, four chased and all, I expect, worrying somebody's house into evil. My first born - alls I can remember of her now is how she loved the burned bottom of bread. Her little hands..I wouldn't know'em if they slapped me. Can you beat that? Eight children and that's all I remember.
They'll be all right. I'm surprised they lasted here this long.
Ah, winter in Ohio is especially rough if you've got an appetite for color.
