I want you to use all your powers, all your skill, as you love me.  I do not want his mother to see him as he is.
Some day, and that day may never come, I would like to call upon you to do me a service in return.
Good.  From me you'll get Justice.
Then take the justice from the judge, the bitter with the sweet, Bonasera.  But if you come to me with your friendship, your loyalty, then your enemies become my enemies, and then, believe me, they would fear you...
You never think to protect yourself with real friends.  You think it's enough to be an American.  All right, the Police protects you, there are Courts of Law, so you don't need a friend like me. But now you come to me and say Don Corleone, you must give me justice. And you don't ask in respect or friendship.  And you don't think to call me Godfather; instead you come to my house on the day my daughter is to be married and you ask me to do murder...for money.
But your daughter is still alive.
The Court gave you justice.
No.  You ask for too much.
And what is that Bonasera?
Bonasera, we know each other for years, but this is the first time you come to me for help.  I don't remember the last time you invited me to your house for coffee...even though our wives are friends.
No.
No...how a man makes his living is none of my business.  But this proposition of yours is too risky. All the people in my family lived well the last ten years, I won't risk that out of greed.
So.  I receive 30 per cent just for finance and legal protection.  No worries about operations, is that what you tell me?
And what is the percentage of the Tattaglia family?
What percentages for my family?
Why do you come to me?  Why do I deserve your generosity?
I'll make him an offer he can't refuse.
You look terrible.  I want you to eat well, to rest.  And spend time with your family.  And then, at the end of the month, this big shot will give you the part you want.
You take care of your family?
All right, Hollywood...Now tell me about this Hollywood Pezzonovanta who won't let you work.
Can I do something for you still? You're not too rich, or too famous that I can't help you?
Tom, I never thought you were a bad Consigliere, I thought Santino a bad Don, rest in peace.  He had a good heart but he wasn't the right man to head the family when I had my misfortune.  Michael has all my confidence, as you do.  For reasons which you can't know, you must have no part in what will happen.
Tattaglia is a pimp.  He could never have outfought Santino.  But I wasn't sure until this day.  No, it was Barzini all along.
Barzini.
Mention it, don't insist.  Barzini is a man who will know that without being told.
Now you've had your drink.
But you needed a drink first.
My wife was weeping before she fell asleep, outside my window I saw my caporegimes to the house, and it is midnight.  So, Consigliere of mine, I think you should tell your Don what everyone knows.
What is this nonsense?
No, give him a living.  But never let him know the family's business. What else, Tom?
When does my daughter leave with her bridegroom?
No.  Let the people enjoy him.  You see?  He is a good godson.
It is Johnny.  He came all the way from California to be at the wedding.
On a day like this.  Consiglero, do you also have in your notes the the Turk made his living from Prostitution before the war, like the Tattaglias do now.  Write that down before you forget it.  The Turk will wait.
When did he call?
And with prison record.
I'm sure it's the most generous gift today.
Is it necessary?
Good.
Your wife and children...you're happy with them?
He will get in touch with you through someone you absolutely trust.  That person will arrange a meeting, guarantee your safety...
Barzini will move against you first.
There are men in this world who demand to be killed.  They argue in gambling games; they jump out of their cars in a rage if someone so much as scratches their fender. These people wander through the streets calling out "Kill me, kill me."  Luca Brasi was like that. And since he wasn't scared of death, and in fact, looked for it...I made him my weapon.  Because I was the only person in the world that he truly hoped would not kill him.  I think you have done the same with this man.
I see you have your Luca Brasi.
I told you that it wouldn't escape his eye.
What else do you believe in?
You are like me, we refuse to be fools, to be puppets dancing on a string pulled by other men.  I hoped the time for guns and killing and massacres was over.  That was my misfortune.  That was your misfortune.  I was hunted on the streets of Corleone when I was twelve years old because of who my father was.  I had no choice.
Yes, but sons who would be professors, scientists, musicians...and grandchildren who could be, who knows, a Governor, a President even, nothing's impossible here in America.
No, I wanted other things for you.
Accept what's happened, Michael.
I understand, Michael.  But you must make a family, you know.
Have you thought about a wife?  A family?
Good.  When you are finished, come and talk to me.  I have hopes for you.
And now, what do you choose to do?
What miracles you do for strangers.
And this?
What was this for?
Will your girl friend get back to the city all right?
Tom, what we need is an Act of Congress to allow Enzo to become a citizen.
You want him to stay in this country.
Nazorine, my friend, tell me what I can do.
