You owe the Don a service.  He has no doubt that you will repay it.
This is Tom Hagen; I'm calling for Don Corleone, at his request.
Yes.
Good.  He never doubted you.
You owe the Don a service.  In one hour, not before, perhaps later, he will be at your funeral parlor to ask for your help.  Be there to greet him.  If you have any objections speak now, and I'll inform him.
Maybe I can help.
He was the one behind Sollozzo?
You mean Tattaglia.
When I meet with Tattaglia's people; should I insist that all his drug middle-men be clean?
Yes.
I didn't tell Mama anything.  I was about to come up and wake you and tell you.  Just now.
It's from Johnny.  It was announced this morning.  He's going to play the lead in the new Woltz Brothers film.
I've called the hospital; they've notified Consiglere Genco's family to come and wait.  He won't last out the night.
They'll cut the cake in a few minutes...leave right after that. Your new son-in-law, do we give him something important?
It's been two years.  He's probably in trouble again.
Should I bring him in.
This morning.
Two terms; one in Italy, one in the United States.  He's known to the Government as a top narcotics man. That could be a plus for us; he could never get immunity to testify.
He's his own boss, and very competent.
The Senator called--apologized for not coming personally, but said you'd understand.  Also, some of the Judges...they've all sent gifts. And another call from Virgil Sollozzo.
You understand him better than anyone.
Yes.  That's true, you're getting a hell of a reputation.
You start operating, the five families will start their raids again.  We're at a stalemate Sonny, your war is costing us a lot of money.
We put out a lot of material through our contacts in the Newspapers...about McCluskey's being tied up with Sollozzo in the Drug Rackets...things are starting to loosen up.
Jesus, I don't know...
No.  Our informer in McCluskey's precinct.  Tonight at 8:00 he signed out for Louis' Restaurant in the Bronx.  Anyone know it.
I found out about this Captain McCluskey who broke Mike's jaw. He's definitely on Sollozzo's payroll, and for big money. McCluskey's agreed to be the Turk's bodyguard.  What you have to understand is that while Sollozzo is guarded like this, he's invulnerable.  Nobody has ever gunned down a New York Police Captain.  Never.  It would be disastrous.  All the five families would come after you Sonny; the Corleone family would be outcasts; even the old man's political protection would run for cover.  So just...take that into consideration.
Yes, even the shooting of your father was business, not personal...
Come ON Sonny, your father wouldn't want to hear this.  This is not a personal thing, this is Business.
The other families won't sit still for all out war.
We should hear what they have to say.
What about that Tattaglias?  What will they do about Bruno?
Was there a definite proposal?
Maybe Mike shouldn't get mixed up in this so directly.  You know the old man doesn't want that.
We're all tired...
I was as good a son to him as you or Mike.
Without your father's political contacts and personal influence, the Corleone family loses half its strength.  Without your father, the other New York families might wind up supporting Sollozzo, and the Tattaglias just to make sure there isn't a long destructive war.  The old days are over, this is 1946; nobody wants bloodshed anymore.  If your father dies...make the deal, Sonny.
Luca never sleeps over with a broad. He always goes home when he's through.  Mike, keep ringing Luca's number.
Has anyone been able to get in touch with him?
What about Luca?  Sollozzo didn't seem worried about Luca.  That worries me.
Is the hospital covered?
The old man wants you; Johnny's here...he's got a problem.
Mama, no.
If I accept that letter and you told a Court of Law I accepted it, they would interpret it as my having knowledge of his whereabouts. Just wait Kay, he'll contact you.
An accident.  No one was hurt.
Nobody knows where he is.  We know he's all right, but that's all.
Kay, we weren't expecting you.  You should call...
I'll try...It's what the Don would want us to do.
Even Sonny won't be able to call off Luca Brasi.
Sonny will come after you with everything he's got.
I'm German-Irish.
He never asks a second favor when he has been refused the first. Understood?
Mr. Corleone is Johnny's Godfather. That is very close, a very sacred religious relationship.
Have you agreed on a meeting?
How will they come at you?
Did he give you his politicians?
OK, but then I agree with Tessio. You're going about it all wrong; you're making the move out of weakness... Barzini's a wolf, and if he tears you apart, the other families won't come running to help the Corleones...
Mike, why am I out?
Bookkeepers know everything. Rocco's men are all a little too good for the jobs they're supposed to be doing.  They get a little more money than the job's worth.  Lampone's a good man; he's operating perfectly.
I'm not talking about that.  I'm talking about Rocco Lampone building a secret regime.  Why does Neri report directly to you, rather than through me or a caporegime?
Mike, why are you cutting me out of the action?
What about McCluskey?
Right.
Sure.  Anything I can do for you.
Hello Kay.  Your father's inside, doing some business.  He's been asking for you.
