Good, good.  Leave now; there's a car waiting to take you to the airport.
Don't be frightened.  Do you think I'd make my sister a widow?  Do you think I'd make your children fatherless?  After all, I'm Godfather to your son.  No, your punishment is that you're out of the family business.  I'm putting you on a plane to Vegas--and I want you to stay there.  I'll send Connie an allowance, that's all. But don't keep saying you're innocent; it insults my intelligence and makes me angry.  Who approached you, Tattaglia or Barzini?
Barzini is dead.  So is Philip Tattaglia, so are Strachi, Cuneo and Moe Greene...I want to square all the family accounts tonight. So don't tell me you're innocent; admit what you did.
You fingered Sonny for the Barzini people.  That little farce you played out with my sister.  Did Barzini kid you that would fool a Corleone?
You have to answer for Santino.
Go back to your house and wait for me...
I'll come to you when I need you.
Maybe less...
He's going to be our lawyer in Vegas.  Nobody goes to him with any other business as of now, this minute.  No reflection on Tom; that's the way I want it.  Besides, if I ever need any advice, who's a better Consigliere than my father.
No, I don't want to give Barzini an excuse to start fighting.
How bad will it be?
Yes.
How?
I'll need him.
How did you find out?
A man has to choose what he will be. I believe that.
Then why have I become a man like you?
You wanted me to be your son.
I could accept everything that's happened; I could accept it, but that I never had a choice.  From the time I was born, you had laid this all out for me.
I want children, I want a family. But I don't know when.
No.
I'm going to finish school.
I fought for my country.  It was my choice.
For killing a man.
For bravery.
Tom said he'd take care of it.
What is it?
Is that why there are more men on the walls?
Things went badly in Palermo?
No...I would like to walk to Corleone.
Don Tommassino...I should see this place.
I was told that my Grandfather was murdered on its main street; and his murderers came to kill my father there when he was twelve years old.
Corleone.
I know.
Calo and Fabrizzio are with me; nothing will happen.
Don Tommassino.
No, she's going home to her family. She'll join me in a few weeks...
Get the car.  I'll be leaving in ten minutes.  Where's Calo?
Shhhhh.
Yes.
Only the son of a Pezzonovanta.
How do you know I come from America?
The Don has semi-retired.  I'm running the Family business now. So anything you have to say, say it to me.
I'll make him an offer he can't refuse.
Get rid of them...
Give them some money and send them home.
Who are those girls?
Come here a minute, Fredo.
No.
You look good, too.
Why didn't Moe Green meet us at the airport?
A week from tonight.  In Brooklyn on Tessio's ground, where I'll be safe.
I know now.  I'll make them call me Don.
Not all...I needed another four months and I would have had them all.  I guess you've figured it all out?
Christ, Tom; I needed more time with him.  I really needed him.
You're not a wartime Consigliere. Things may get tough with the move we're trying.
Not so perfectly if you noticed.
Tom, we're going to be legitimate all the way, and you're the legal man.  What could be more important than that.
Let's say now that we have to kill McCluskey.  We'll clear that up through our Newspaper contacts later.
No.  I guess I'll see you Christmas. Everyone's going to be out at Long Beach, right?
Thanks Tom.
All right, this one time I'll let you ask about my affairs, one last time.
Don't ask me.
Let me think about it, O.K.?
I'm busy.
Let HER ask.
No, you eat...don't wait up for me.
We'll go to the show tomorrow night--we can change the tickets.
I have to see my father and his people when we get back to the Mall.
Goodbye.
I want you to go back to New Hampshire...think things over.
I don't think so either.  I better go.
I don't think so.  You don't want to end up on page 3 of the Daily News.
Visiting hour ends at eight thirty. I'll just sit with him; I want to show respect.
Look.  I'll see you tonight, OK?
I can't...
Huh?
Yeah Kay, I'm here.
He'll be OK.
Hello.  Kay?
No, I would not like you better if you were Ingrid Bergman.
I'm thinking about it.
No.
Shhh, you be the long distance operator.  Here.
Then we can have dinner, see a show, and spend one more night.
For dinner.  Unless I call and tell them we're still in New Hampshire.
As long as I tell him beforehand he won't object.  He'll be hurt, but he won't object.
And what do you want for Christmas?
He's my father's godson; he owes him his whole career.
Sure.
My brother Sonny found him living in the streets when he was a kid, so my father took him in.  He's a good lawyer.
My brother, Tom Hagen.
Tom...Tom, I'd like you to meet Kay Adams.
I told you you wouldn't like him.
...who out of sheer terror had swallowed the bath towel in his mouth and suffocated.
Then Luca turned to the other man...
Then the thighs where they joined the torso.
Then the legs at the knees...
My Father sent Luca Brasi after them.  He tied the two Capone men hand and foot, and stuffed small bath towels into their mouths. Then he took an ax, and chopped one man's feet off...
Once upon a time, about fifteen years ago some people wanted to take over my father's olive oil business.  They had Al Capone send some men in from Chicago to kill my father, and they almost did.
Then eat your spaghetti and I'll tell you a Luca Brasi story.
You like spaghetti?
You really want to know?
No.  His name is Luca Brasi.  You wouldn't like him.
Because they know that no Sicilian will refuse a request on his daughter's wedding day.
They're going to talk to my father, which means they're going to ask him for something, which means they better get it right.
They're waiting to see my father.
I told you I had a lot of relatives.
You've read about my father in the papers.  You've seen that no one's here to guard him.  Now I've just gotten word that men are coming to this hospital to kill him.  Believe me and help me.
You and I are going to move my father right now...to another room on another floor...Can you disconnect those tubes so we can wheel the bed out?
You just stand here one minute...
I'm Michael Corleone--this is my father.  What happened to the detectives who were guarding him?
O.K.  How long do you think before I can come back?
A million times.
Why don't you stop living like a bum and get this place cleaned up.
They want me to go to the conference with Sollozzo.  Set up the meeting for two days from now.  Sonny, get our informers to find out where the meeting will be held. Insist it has to be a public place: a bar or restaurant at the height of the dinner hour.  So I'll feel safe.  They'll check me when I meet them so I won't be able to carry a weapon; but Clemenza, figure out a way to have one planted there for me.  Then I'll kill them both.
We can't wait.  No matter what Sollozzo say about a deal, he's figuring out how to kill Pop.  You have to get Sollozzo now.
Cut it out.
I won't panic.
Sonny...Sonny--Jesus Christ, I'm down at the hospital.  I came down late.  There's no one here.  None of Tessio's people--no detectives, no one.  The old man is completely unprotected.
I don't need them, Sonny.  I'm just going to see Pop in the hospital. Also, I got other things.
To the city.
Is it like they say?  Is he that good?
All right, Sonny.  All right.
That's not how Pop would have played it.
Then wait, Sonny.  Talk to Pop.
Is it going to be all-out war, like last time?
How can you be sure?
Clemenza?  No, I don't believe it.
What?
Jesus Christ, he's my father, Sonny.
I can help you out...
How's Mom?
Is it all right if I go to the bathroom?
Most important...I want a sure guarantee that no more attempts will be made on my father's life.
We're going to New Jersey?
I want to settle things tonight.  I want my father left alone.
I do wish to be baptized.
I do renounce them.
I do renounce him.
Yes, I promise.
He talked to you?
No.  I want things very calm for another six months.
Be patient.
Just be patient.
I have to go back to New York tomorrow.  Think of your price.
You straightened my brother out?
Is that why you thought you could slap Freddie around in public?
You took Freddie in because the Corleone family bankrolled your casino.  You and the Corleone family are evened out.  This is for business; name your price.
You're unlucky.
Your casino loses money.  Maybe we can do better.
The hotel, the casino.  The Corleone family wants to buy you out.
Is my credit good enough to buy you out?
Thanks.
