You're on, kid...I'll square it with Mom your not seeing her before you left.  And I'll get a message to your girl friend when I think the time is right.
I want somebody very good, very safe to plant that gun.  I don't want my brother coming out of that toilet with just his dick in his hand.
OK, but be careful.
You take care of Paulie?
Okay, now you can move your men into the Mall, replace Tessio's people.  Mike, tomorrow you take a couple of Clemenza's people and go to Luca's apartment and wait for him to show.  That crazy bastard might be going after Sollozzo right now if he's heard the news.
Clemenza.  You take care of Paulie. I don't ever want to see him again. Understood?
No, just you and Paulie.
Go get Paulie, I don't care how sick he is.  Pick him up yourself, and bring him to my father's house.
How many times did he stay home the last couple of months?
Where the hell was Paulie, why wasn't he with the Don?
Yeah.
Well it's war!  We might not be in this shape if we had a real war- time Consiglere, a Sicilian.  Pop had Genco, who do I have?  Hey Tom, hey...hey.  It's Sunday, we're gonna have dinner.  Don't be sore.
No more stalemate Tom, we got the soldiers, we'll match them gun for gun if that's how they want it. They know me for what I am, Tom-- and they're scared of me.
We'll let the old man take it easy for a couple of weeks.  I want to get things going good before he gets better.  What's the matter with you?
Pop, they hit us and we hit them back.
Can you do it Mike?
One of Tattaglia's people?
McCluskey can't stay with the Turk forever.  We'll wait.
No no, no more advice on how to patch it up Tom.  You just help me win.  Understood?
And when they shot me father...
Then THEY hand me Sollozzo.
No, no Consiglere.  Not this time. No more meetings, no more discussions, no more Sollozzo tricks.  Give them one message: I WANT SOLLOZZO.  If not, it's all out war.  We go to the mattresses and we put all the button men out on the street.
Part of the deal: Bruno cancels out what they did to my father.
Sure, he wants us to send Mike to meet him to hear his proposition. The promise is the deal will be so good we can't refuse.
OK forget it, just stay on the phone.
OK, we sit tight until the old man can give us the lead.  But Tom, I want you to stay inside the Mall. You too, Mike, no chances.  Tessio, you hold your people in reserve, but have them nosing around the city.  The hospital is yours; I want it tight, fool-proof, 24 hours a day.
Oh Christ Tom, I didn't mean it that way.
That's easy to say; it's not your father.
Tom, you're the Consigliere, what do we do if the old man dies?
No, and I've been calling all night. Maybe he's shacked up.
If Luca sold out we're in real trouble.
The cops have it locked in and I got my people there visiting Pop all the time.  What about the hit list.
Okay.  One minute.
Probably a year...
Sollozzo and McCluskey are going to pick you up in an hour and a half on Times Square, under the big Camels sign.
What are you, inspecting the barracks?  You ready?  Did Clemenza tell you be sure to drop the gun right away?
Go on Mike.
The kid's right.
The Turk wants to talk!  The nerve of that son of a bitch!  After he craps out last night he wants a meet.
Mikey, you look beautiful!
All right, get him in a different room; lock the door from the inside. I'll have some men there inside of fifteen minutes.  Sit tight, and don't panic.
Send some bodyguards.
Where are you going?
Christ, if I could only contact Luca.
I know I'm not the man he was.  But I'll tell you this and he'll tell you too.  When it comes to real action, I can operate as good as anybody short range.
Sollozzo is a dead man, I don't care what it costs.  I don't care if we have to fight all the five families in New York.  The Tattaglia family's going to eat dirt.  I don't care if we all go down together.
Until the old man tells me different.
On the three days Paulie was sick this month, he got calls from a payphone across from the old man's building.  We got people in the phone company.  Thank God it was Paulie...we'll need Clemenza bad.
You're right, kid, Clemenza is okay. It was Paulie.
One of them fingered the old man.
All right, Mikey...who do we have to hit, Clemenza or Paulie?
Theresa.
Oh no you can't, the old man'd be sore as hell if I let you get mixed up in this.
Good.  She's been through it before. Me too.  You were too young to know about it.  You better wait outside; there're some things you shouldn't hear.
I was worried when we couldn't get in touch with you in that hick town.
Find out anything you can...you got a Grand coming.
Is he alive?
I think so.  Detective squad?
Yeah.
