There, there. Don't you upset yourself --
That's right -- you go back to sleep. Tomorrow when you feel better things will look a whole lot different. Don't you worry about anything -- Mary's going to talk things over with your folks --
Darling -- now I've got you all upset.
Not if I know Mary. When she rides into Sonora, you'll be with her. And mighty glad to be there after this. I don't see how you stood it as long as you did.
Drink this and stop being silly. Why would anyone want to live in this place. You might as well be dead and buried. Nothing to do but look at mountains. In a week you'd be talking to yourself.  Maybe that's what got you started in the first place.
Don't talk -- eat -- we want to get you well quick as we can so we can all get out of here.
If you're worried about Mary and me talkin' too much, don't. No matter how many questions your old man asks. We know how to keep our mouths shut.
He won't take us.  Don't you want us around?
Well cheer, why don't you? No more responsibilities, Mary. Marcia -- Elaine -- me -- all taken care of. Down there feeding horses and raising kids, you won't have a thing to worry about.
You're sure there's more where this came from?
Then why stay in the hills.
I like it.
You wouldn't have a smoke on you, would you?
The way you act, it must be something pretty secret.
What is it?
That something I shouldn't see?
Me snoopin'? I came down here to take a bath.
Mary, Honey. I talked too much, like always -- he thinks you told Elaine the things I told her.
I'm sure of this. But not of you.  You won't open any joint. I've been watching you change. You're mad now and you think you can change back. But you can't. You'll end up making beds in a boarding house.
Sounds fine. Only that isn't how it's going to be.
Maybe you are. I'm not.
Go ahead.  Get in training for the pioneer life. I'm finding the nearest body of water and climbing into it.
Please. Maybe he'll take a good look at you and stop thinking so much about his horses.
Go on. Have another try at him.
Maybe I better start working on him.
You're not giving up?
What are you waiting for? Do something.
Clay could save us an awful lot of time.
We don't want to go there.
How long do you think we'll have to stay here?
And we're running out of that.
Quit worryin' about Elaine.
It isn't like this was the first place we were ever thrown out of.
With a milk pail in one hand and a marriage license in the other.
You think that's all we busted -- You should see...
Maybe you're going about this all wrong. Why not try telling him we'll do the cookin' and mendin' and washin' for him. That usually works.  Yeah, but suppose he took us up on it. Where would we be?
I don't know -- I don't know.
Up the trail.
Clay Phillips.
Stop it --
Everybody knows --
