I haven't got the job yet.
Why?
To the other side of the street.
Thanks for loading me on the stage. I know now why you did it.
By the way, if you ever go past the Wyatt ranch, have another talk with Elaine.
Goodbye. Thanks for the lift.
I'm fool enough to believe that one of these days somebody will. Somebody who wants me as I am will maybe walk into the place where I'm working and take me out of there.
I can't change either. Not unless somebody wants me enough to give me a hand.
Some of 'em you didn't mean but most of 'em you did. I don't blame you because I understand your way of thinking and why you think that way. You want your women on pedestals. But they have to be born on 'em -- they can fall off but they can't climb back up.
Fine -- maybe I'll see you there sometime.
Maybe it isn't going to Sonora, but it's going somewhere, which is all right with me.
I won't have you fighting over me.
If you want to go on, I can make it all right.
Go on, take it. Then you can't spend the rest of the trip expecting to get paid.
All my clothes --
No, I'm not all right. I'm soaked and I hit myself against that rock.
Then let's get started. The sooner I get to Sonora, the better I'll like it.
Save 'em for the girl in gingham. Just tell me I'm not good enough for you. Go on. Say a woman like me can't change.
I'm awake now. Go on. Say what you want to say. I'll listen.
I don't expect anything. A minute ago I hadn't cuite waked up.
What does a man usually tell a girl?
Tell me, darling.
You don't mean that Clay.
You should have. I don't like leaving things unfinished.
Yes. But -- that was the other night. Now -- I don't think I would.
So that's it --  You think I was making fun of your girl in gingham.
I don't know. I thought I did. Now I'm not sure. I thought it had something to do with me.
Why did you change your mind about bringing us along?
Don't you trust me?
You're not going out to look for them?
Are we leaving?
He knows his alphabet.
Blonde as a new mop. And beautiful as the girl on a feed store calendar.
But the rest is right.
She wears this gingham dress -- cooks popovers -- makes jam in season -- makes her own soap from pig fat and wood ashes and has cheeks the color of red apples.
Ever since you've looked after Steve you've had the dream -- a ranch on the river -- good grass, good water, barn corral and house --- that part you've shared with Steve. The girl in gingham you plan sneakin' in when he isn't looking.
You should know. She's in your dream.
You've earned it -- the horse ranch on the Toulomoe -- the girl in the spotted gingham.
I hope you get everything you want out of life --
You could have treated us like they did in Aspen. No. You wouldn't do a thing like that -- it isn't in you to be mean or cruel.
You don't have to explain. Did I tell you how grateful I am for what you've done?
I suppose it is.
No, thanks.  I hope we won't be a burden to them.
We can't stay here!
I didn't know anything about her except she wanted a job because some man had left her stranded. I couldn't leave her in the street. Let's go.
So that was why she tried to run away.
Can we get a doctor at that ranch?
They're stragglin'.
Learnin' to read has nothing to do with the right or the wrong side of the street.
He's learning his letters.
Like what?
That why you always took him on the other side of the street?
There's a nice boy.
Would you, Mr. Phillips?
If you were in his shoes would you take one of us home?
And look at it this way. How about Jim -- it puts him in a sort of tough spot.
Where do you keep the can opener?
But you eat, don't you?
Thanks. And isn't there something we can do about supper -- or making the beds?
So am I.
And this is Helen Carter.
Too much excitement. Or maybe it's just the heat. How about the surrey. Can you fix it?
Our kind of women?
We have to get to Sonora. There are jobs waiting for us there. We'll pay you for your trouble.
What good is it going to do us to go to some ranch?
You can't leave us here.
They won't be riding in the wagon.
As far as -- Sonora?
And this is Helen Carter.
It was a gift from the citizens of Aspen. I'm Mary Wells.
Too much excitement. How about the surrey. Can you fix it?
No. We came down the hill a little fast and...  ...the wheel broke.  Can you fix it for us?
Goodbye and thanks.
We tried to point that out. But there were some pretty nosey citizens who wouldn't listen to reason. They said Aspen had outgrown us. It's all right to play poker in your own home but not in a saloon.
Aspen doesn't want us Mr. Graham. They threw us out.
Thank you, Mr. Graham.
Not exactly. They decided gambling and dancing were bad for people.  Can I make it?
Until you came along we were going to Sonora.
I don't care what he thinks.
That's it then.
-- Gaslights and a dance floor and a big bar. Cash registers with bells and a couple of boys with armbands just to keep 'em ringing. What do you think of that?
Give it back to him. We're leavin'.
We might as well start a fire.
What's the use.
You'd think he'd do it for Elaine's sake, at least...
How many ways can a man say no.
He certainly could. About a month.
No we don't. But that's where we're going. From Minden we take a stage to Reno, then another one over to Auburn and another one to Placerville. Then it's a day's trip to Sonora.
Until Pa gets around to driving us to Minden.
There's still tomorrow morning.
I tried my best, but these things take time.
That's not what's worryin' me. Why didn't she tell us? Maybe we could have done somethin' -- gone somewhere else -- puttin' a poor sick kid through this --
Why didn't you say you wanted to get married back in Aspen. I told the man in Sonora there were four of us. If only three show up, he might call the whole deal off. We've got to stick together. Like we've always done.
Now where's she goin'? --
Maybe in Sonora.
If you need me, I'll be --
Goodnight.
Steve --
Thanks, Steve.
For the last ten miles I've been trying to figure out how to sleep sitting up. I'm getting to the point where I don't think there's any place named Sonora.
Let me do that.
She was only teasin'.
But you're his brother.
You were supposed to be reading words.
And you've got me all figured out?
Oh, I wasn't worrying.  I saw him saddling up and thought he was ready to leave.
Well, Steve?
You don't read to fill your stomach... Poetry, for instance. All the poems in the world wouldn't fill you half as much as a bowl of eatmeal -- but they make you feel good.
Kind of tough, I guess... But you're not liable to hunt them -- I don't think there's any alive now, anyways -- and I'm not sure but I don't think there ever were...
Would they be good to eat?
No.
Hmmm... sort of like a horse -- with a horn in the center of its forehead.
Unicorn -- a kind of animal --
There's plenty of use for reading -- you'll see.
Without someone to teach you, it's tough.
From A to Z. All you have to do now is figure out what they mean put together in words.
That's the end of the line.
No. We're not stayin' --
Don't be silly... Nobody's too old to learn.
Why not? You went farther than that last time.
Good night, Steve.
Did someone say I wasn't nice?
Maybe I could start you out.
Would you like to learn them?
Don't you even know your letters?
But he just never troubled to have you get any schooling?
Your brother's always looked after you, hasn't he?
Is that your kind of reading, Steve?
I was at first. Then I was hanging on.  Are you going far?
