Well, then, I know it takes three -- four weeks for you to come round to admit when you're wrong... But by that time she's liable to be in China...
So -- maybe I'm old enough to tell you how to run your life?
Guess maybe I'm old enough to hold my own in a fight, huh?
Kind of sore.
Sure. What other reason would there be?
Like I told you, half those horses are mine. I'm makin' sure they get to the ranch safe. So let's quit arguing and do whatever you figure on doin'.
Half of them are mine.
It is so your fault and... and I guess maybe when we hit the ranch... you andme better...
She told me not to fight with you anymore. She said it wasn't your fault, but -- I figure different...
You know what she asked me?
You think you're so slmighty -- smart -- Who are you to sit up there and say nobody's good enough for you, like you said yesterday -- just because a man kisses a woman --
Maybe I haven't lived as long as you have, but I know a sight more about people and I wouldn't talk to a mule like you talked to her and, if I did, I'd say how sorry I was. I'd be man enough to do that.
You oughta say you're sorry -- that's what you oughta do.
Go on, hit me.
What makes you think you're so almighty? Telling people what to do and how to act when you don't even know how yourself.
I'll eat when I'm good and ready.
That ain't why. I just figure it's about time to start runnin' my own life.
I didn't stop to think, Clay.
Want the wagon unloaded, Clay?
I'm not, but there's some of it I don't see any sense to.
There's only two of them now.
Leaving them here when we could just as well take them. We got plenty of room in the wagon. And -- and -- they cook and drive the mules. They don't bother anybody.
Yeah, it does.
Maybe you shoulda killed him.
Oh... that's the time you went away.
Sure I do. Went off down to Mexico or something...
Sure I remember. You went to Mexico lookin' for cattle.
Okeh, I was wrong. But you can't expect a fellow who never saw Lednov and never heard his name until a while ago to do too much worryin'. You've been sorta close mouthed about him.
I won't again.
Can I have my gun back?
A man can't help gettin' excited once in a while.
They were quite a ways off and the wind was blowin'. I didn't have them to aim.
There was only three of them at first. I guess I lost my head.
Where'd they go?
Morgan blood. The beat in Nevada. Clay and me have a place on the Toulomne River. We're going to raise horses like these.
They sure must have been travelin'. This keeps up we can start a store.
Lednov.
Why?
Sure a lot of guys lookin' for Lednov.
And meet him there.
Do you have to be so close-mouthed? I'm your brother. And I'm ridin' with you. Remember?
At the ranch maybe?
You must be plenty worried about Lednov sneakin' up on us.  Think he will?
This is an awful nice gun.  Certainly come in handy when there's men around who shoot people that aren't lookin'.
In a fight?
What was he in jail for?
But it's leaded up and anyway a 22's no good for real huntin'. You shoot a man with a 22 and where are you?
Nice.
You never said this Lednov's name before, that I can remember.
Like why you're buyin' a whole slew of 30 30 shells all of a sudden.
You might tell a fellow things, 'specially if the fellow's your brother, seems to me.
Who's Lednov?
I don't see no sense to makin' people leave town if they don't want to leave.
How does she draw?
That's a good girl.
Don't act so -- crazy.
Runnin' off and worryin' people. Makin' it tougher on Clay than it is already.
What's botherin' you, anyway?
Suppose that Lednov was to have found you, instead of me. Why you wouldn't have had a chance.
You can't stay here. There's snakes and it's cold and you'll just get sicker.
Goodnight, Miss Wells.
You don't know what it is to be sorry.
You stretch out. I'll fix something to eat.
It's a long ways yet.  I figure we ought to camp. She's tired.
Oh, sure.
He'll treat his wife just as good. Maybe better. Ever see him use a bull snake on the mules like other wranglers?
Don't pay any attention to him. That's his way and I've found he's sure easy to get along with. I don't recollect him havin' hit me more'n a couple of times and I guess I had it comin'.
I was doin' both. Here.
Like when you were standin' there looking after Clay. I knew right off what you were thinking. Because I've been watching you.
Sure.
Sometimes not knowin' how to read has its points. You can't read books so you look at people and figure 'em out.
Nobody's gonna catch him sleeping. Don't worry about him.
Now I know what a unicorn is, what do we do next?
I feel good anyways.
An' if you can't hunt 'em and even if you could they'd be tough, what's the use of knowin' how to spell them?
Then if they wasn't alive, how can they be an animal?...
How about California?
Horses with horns! Huh! Do we have 'em in Nevada?
What do they look like?
U-n-i-c-o-r-n-... What in heck's that?
-- and even if I do learn to read, what use'll it be? I'm goin' to live on a ranch!
And that's tough, isn't it?
Then I know my alphabet.
What comes after Z?
Aren't we stayin'?
Okay. A-B-C -- D-E-F -- G-H-I --
I'm too old for it, Miss Wells... That's for little kids.
Gee, I can't.
Good night, Miss Wells.
Oh no. Nobody said nothing to me. Only I got the idea that -- well Clay and me used to be walking through town and there was your place and through the window I could see you dancing, but Clay always took me over to the other side of the street.
You're so nice.
That'd be swell.  You know, you're an awful lot different than I thought you'd be.
I sure would.
It wasn't Clay's fault. We've been moving around most all the time -- mebbe when we get the ranch and stay in one place I can learn my letters then --
Since I can remember, Ma'am.
I can't read, Ma'am. I just look at the pictures.
Pleased to meet you, ma'am.  We found your trunk. Were you doin' the driven'?
