You got everything you ever wanted.
Next time, make sure you put a barf bag in the centerfold.
Holy stinkers, what were you thinking?
Brilliant!  Molly, give me all you've got.  For Merk.
I love those springy head puppies!
No, leave one. Somebody's grandmother might want one.
Chicks are like buses. If you miss one, don't sweat it. There's another coming 'round the corner.
With a refrigerated cargo bed full of sirloin tip.
You'll never believe who's in there.
You're late, bro!
A couple of boys fighting over a pair of red silk panties is nothing compared to what he's seen.
I'd call you a sick, twisted fuck. But this is different.  She wasn't your mother mother--
Take a whiff of heaven.
...where they get all the really good porno channels on cable.
I'd feel like staying up all night! Forever! Or at least till I got the LAY of the land, SO TO SPEAK.
Don't be such a pansy. All of this is YOURS.
Then there must be a whole room, made completely of chocolate.
Dead?
Beauty? No. We're talking GODDESS.
Check it out!
Hurry.
Check this out.  Hurry!
Yeah, whatever.
I'd kiss your mother with this mouth. I mean, if she wasn't, you know...
Oh. Well. Maybe not yet.
I wonder how many of them will be at the orgy tonight?
This is like my every wet dream come true.  I don't even care that you're here, too, bro.
I can't believe that's your mother. We're talking babe-a-licious chub fest, right here in the 501's.
And like every hamburger guy knows, when you get your one big chance at the good life, you abuse every second of it until they figure out you don't belong there and kick your sorry ass out.
Don't you know anything about limo etiquette? Everything in here is included for our pleasure.
For a guy about to try his first Dom Perignon, you are extremely uptight.
This is the life, baby. We get ourselves some tail and we're talking SPRING BREAK!
...A bouncer? Are you serious?
Who the hell was your father?
What are the odds of there being ANOTHER Ted Nelson on our flight?
And nobody knows you're a virgin!  Aw, who are we kidding...
Nobody knows you barfed during junior high school graduation.
Seriously, it's like we're being reborn. We really could reinvent ourselves here, just like you said. Nobody knows about your massive humiliation.
Think about it...Long tunnel, bright lights, it's full of vaginal symbolism.
Don't do it, Ted. Don't do it.
That's crazy talk.
You have a better chance of being hit by a Mack truck with a refrigerated cargo bed full of sirloin tip.
One thing for sure, Christy Malone ain't lookin THAT good naked.
The only chick more untouchable than Christy Malone is Miss April.  "Hi, my name's Ginger. I love tofu burgers, rainy nights, and riding bareback.  My biggest turn-off is cell phones during sex." Here's a tip:  set it on VIBRATE, honey, and don't be stingy with the lube.  Don't knock it till you tried it.
She smiles at everyone, Ted.  She's like a newborn with gas.
That vibe is from your wrist, pal. You've been over-tenderizing your meat, again.
Don't get me wrong. We can salivate over all the Christy Malones of our lives. Wishing we could devour them like melt-in-your-mouth filet mignon. But we're strictly hamburger guys. Ground chuck, sixty eight percent lean, is about the best we can hope for.
Come on, bro. Spare yourself the humiliation, the degradation...
God, I love being dead.
These are real, live women?
Let me get this straight...
Oh, god.  Look. Look.
Naked girls, wild sex, video games. No wonder it's called "Heaven."
He kicked major ass and you know it.
Jealousy is so unattractive.
You've obviously never had your dogs nestled in thousand dollar Italian loafers.
We reinvented ourselves.
