We don't generally feature blow-up dolls in our magazine. But hey, if you think there's a market for it.
If it isn't straight by now, son, you probably should see a doctor.
Every one of these women thinks she should be the next Angel of the Month. It's your job, Ted, to decide which of them is right.
Never say never.
This is a fun place...but we don't usually come here until after the orgies.
Aw, come on, kid. Throw me a bone. I'm your uncle for gosh sakes.
All is fair in "Heaven," Ted-baby.
What are you doing?
I loved my brother. I stood by his wishes to let his son run the company. A son he never knew. A son that he and his wife gave away at birth. A son who was raised in a world quite different from our own. Nevertheless, I was there for the lad. I guided him as best I could. But he's only seventeen, with a mind of his own and judgment that is, well, frankly, not a chip off the old block. There is only one clear solution...  And I think we all know what that is--
We've got a huge problem with the magazine, Ted-baby. Our readers hate it. HATE IT. We need to talk.
You're a great kid. Don't you forget it.
You're right. I should work, too. Our first issue together is almost ready to print.
I wish I knew you years ago, when my brother was alive. I wish he never gave you up.
You're taking this bull of an empire by the horns, but you're still keeping your small town values. You're not letting all this "stuff" spoil you.
Such enthusiasm. Have I told you lately how proud I am of you?
I can't wait to see the pictures.
He was in a league of his own.
So far, so good. Some of them have real Angel potential.
Don't forget to tell them all your qualifications.
At our press conference tomorrow, I think we should announce our plans to explore the world. Not just a few leggy 36D's, with blond hair upstairs and down.
The world is a big, beautiful place.  We can open new markets in Africa and Asia.  Imagine the Dali Lhama reading our magazine.
Well...for one thing...I think it's despicable that we exclude so many women that only fit our western notion of "classic beauty."
It's not like I didn't have ideas, I had plenty of ideas. But I never even shared them with your father. Never had the guts.
I never finished school myself. Never had to. My brother built this empire from nothing but his wife's perky tits and a whole lot of gumption. He gave me a cushy job on a silver platter. I never struggled for a second.
I've been very lazy for a long, long time.
You ARE home. But go ahead, finish school, do what you feel you need to do. In the meantime, I'll be your point person here on the magazine.
No one will be laughing at you now, Ted. You can take that to the bank.
You were the new and improved you.
I told you you could do it.
Why, look who's here.
The Supreme Sovereign of Sexuality.
You're the Sultan of Semen. The Monarch of Masturbation. The Merchant Prince of Lust. You. Ted. Are the King of Coitus.
You are a multi-media magnate. The Tycoon of Tits. The Baron of Bottoms.
Huh! You laugh in the face of pressure!
YOU? Nervous? Why on earth should you be nervous?
They said that? Really?  Oh, your parents. The Nelson's. Right, right. How midwest. I like that.
You ready for your big coming out party? Everybody's dying to meet you.
There you are, Ted-baby. Everything all right?
We don't allow TIPN, Ted.
Maybe she needs help, Ted. You should be a gentleman.
Indeed it is. During the day, visitors prefer to be outside, au naturel. As it were.
The parties are held in here when the weather dips below seventy. Which is seldom.
You're sure?
A lot? I mean, a whole lot?
You do like girls, don't you?
I have only one concern...
Smashing!  Welcome to the family, Ted. You are going to breathe some new life into this place. You are going to set the world on fire! You are going to...call me Uncle Billy? Please?
