Well, what are we gonna do about it now?
Don't get all worked up, Justin. I expected some common sense on your part and clearly I was expecting too much. [Beat] Just open the drawer.
Should we be what? Trying to change him any way we can? [Beat] Yes.
What about Starks?
Then don't.
I'm fine.
I didn't put you in Alpine Grove.
I don't understand...
How did you come to know their names?
The three of you weren't regular patients. You were criminals that ended up at Alpine Grove.
It was part of the treatment I intended...I didn't know what the effects would be...
Of people like you. People I was just trying to help. They couldn't get worse so I thought, with medication, they might get...
Because...because you came out and said something you couldn't have possibly have known. You came back and repeated three names...
I know. [Beat] I knew that when you came out.
I don't know how you died. The last time I put you in the Jacket was just after you told me you remembered killing that police officer...
No. I didn't. I swear I didn't. I probably helped push you to kill yourself, but I didn't do it.
You died, Starks. Years ago, in the hospital.
How...how are you here?
[Beat] You're his son?
Who are you?
You in here. [Beat] Works like a drug.
Means we believe in doing his work and fear what the world would be like if we didn't at least try to.
I've managed to every Sunday of my life. [Beat] Some of us are God- fearing men, Starks.
I'll say a prayer for you in Church today, Starks. Maybe the Gods can pick up where the medicine left off.
You killed him?
Yes.
And what's that?
Temporarily.
It is. But when it comes down to it, you just have to patient with them. They'd rather have their vacation, too, so they just push dealing with our "practices" off to the New Year.
Hello, William. I understand you've been asking for me almost every hour. I would've been here sooner but you gave our little state visitor quite a bit to talk to me about.
Sit down, Mr. Starks! Sit down, Mr. Starks!
Maybe not. [Beat] But I do think you're in a tree... woofing like a dog. And I'm just trying to help you the only way I can think of.
I wasn't pausing to see if you did. [Beat] But, incidentally, you should, because you're birds of a feather.
I had a patient a few years ago. His name was Ted Casey...
You're just suffering from delusions that are unfortunately part of your condition.
[Pointedly] Of course you're not.
Relax.
Actually, that's exactly what our equipment is.
We were forced to use restrains if that's what you're referring to.
In where?
Then how would you describe him, Beth? Merely rebellious?
He's recovering on the third floor.
It's not my job to believe you.
You said you couldn't remember killing Officer Harrison. Correct?
I'm just looking at you. Does that make you uncomfortable?
Well, your condition's pretty serious.
