Where? [Beat] It's Becker isn't it? He's doing stuff, isn't he?
What should they be looking for?
It's the ticking of a box on a sheet of paper no one cares about.
I wish they'd skip the formality of this annual review and just cut our budget. Our silence on the matter should be enough to appease the civic conscience without wasting an hour we don't have.
I see you've done your homework. [Beat] Alpine Grove's undergone a lot of changes since then. At the time, we didn't have the...resources to help our patients the way we needed to. [Beat] Now, we do. And things are different.
I still don't either, even after all these years.
He just said...that I'd shock Eugene and then things would change for him.
It's complicated, but [looking at Starks] in a way, your father let me know how I'd get through to him.
Sure. It's an easy address. A little far out there, but easy enough.
What are you talking about?
Who told you this?
William, I can't indulge these delusions, even when you're in this state.
I do believe you...
I'm not gonna let that happen.
What for?
You're going to be ok, William. We just need to get your fever down and we'll be able to hopefully stabilize you.
You have nothing to fear, William.
Yeah.
You told me this was how it happened.
I know. I know it all. Save your strength. I already know everything you're going to say. [Beat] You're in the Jacket right now, aren't you?
I don't know how you know about Eugene, but these ideas are part of your delusions.
How do you know about Eugene?
William, that is just another facet of my delusions.
And how do you know that?
Why not?
Why don't you help me?
[Beat] Like who? Like MacKenzie maybe?
What about the world?
The future doesn't look different?
Ok fine. Tell me about it. Tell me about the future. 2004. What does it look like?
Well, what time is it?
Then help me understand. You know, you're not alone. A lot of Gulf Vets have begun to experience curious symptoms. What you have might well be a syndrome and, if so, it's not one we know enough about to be treating it this vigorously.
No, I do. That's what I'm saying to you.
What do you mean?
You'll die if you keep smoking those in your condition.
Well... [beat] let me know how your search turns out.
It's important for you to know who your father was, isn't it?
So maybe Dr. Becker would know. [Beat] But, as I'm sure you know, the statute of limitations has run out for charging the hospital with any liabilities.
How do you know about Dr. Becker?
I was. But I saw a lot of cuts and a lot of blows. I'm sorry I don't know more about your father's. [Sincerely] I didn't know about everything that went on here.
I was working with a boy named Eugene.
At the end, he made me change my mind about a lot of things.
Yeah, I did. [Beat] He was my most memorable patient.
My God you look exactly like him.
You should be careful. You could be killed if they found you out here.
So it's helping?
You may never remember at all. [Beat] Your mind's grasp of reality and the real events that have happened to you has been damaged.
You were convicted of the crime.
You're not crazy.
I guess I'd ask you why.
