Wesley didn't even want to come up here. He warned me, but I insisted...  I have to ask you, Betty...are you crazy?
So all this... really was because of that soap opera? My son is dead because you came out here to be with that doctor? A fake doctor?
Did... did you really come here because you love this guy?
When a Roman general knew a battle was lost, he'd throw himself on his sword.
Betty, I don't wanna shrivel up alone in some stinking prison. No way. I've got some professional pride. And I don't want anybody else to get the credit for taking me out.
Ahh, it's too late, anyway. It's too late.  Listen, I could shoot my way out, maybe take one of them with me... If you'd gimme my gun back.
Wait, Betty... you still haven't answered me.
If we went out that window right now we'd have a chance...
You're sorry? YOU'RE THE REASON WE'RE HERE!
That's my son! My son is dead!
Yes, but I'd sort of like to put that behind me now...
I know. I borrowed it from your grandparents because I... I... it doesn't matter. Don't worry, they're fine...  Look, I used to feel that same way, said practically those same words, sitting at night in a foxhole in Korea...  I've chased you across the country, Betty, and I come to find out we're a lot more alike than you'd think.
No one is, honey. Here, listen to this... "If who I am and who I hope to be should meet one day, I know they will be friends." Now that's beautiful.
Well, thirty-three, but I'm not counting Del, on account of you... so, what do you think?  You probably feel I'm flattering myself to see us together.
Wait. Let me get this out.  I like the symphony, walks in the rain, sunsets, animals and children. I read passionately, and I like to discuss things. I'm basically conservative, but flexible. I've been involved in the death of thirty- two people, but I can live with that because the world is lighter by thirty- two pieces of shit, excuse my language.
I'm appreciably older than you, but my health is good. I take care of myself, and I got some money socked away. You'd never have to work again, that's for sure. I'd treat you like a queen.
Sure. You could probably have any thing you wanted... somebody as beautiful and stylish as yourself, and you don't even realize it.
...I never meet people like you. I'm a garbageman of the human condition. I deal with trash, mostly, people willing to trade any part of themselves for a few more minutes of their rotten lives. But you... you're different.
...to see you.
Damn, life is strange. I had you figured for this cold-blooded, calculating bitch -- Not that I didn't admire you for it.
So you weren't involved with him in his pathetic attempt to diversify?  Were you mixed up in the drugs, Betty?
You really... didn't have anything to do with what Del was doing, did you?
Do you know why I'm here?
Do you know who I am?
No, just stand there... lemme look at you a minute.
Oh, this is wonderful...
Who are these idiots?
No, that should be more than --
Thanks so much. You must get bothered by this kind of thing a lot.
How do you do, Mr. McCord. We're trying to locate a deranged fan of yours,... a Ms. Betty...
Andersonville.  They did horrible things to men there...
Did you know the most brutal, inhumane prison of the entire war was in Georgia?
Even Robert E. Lee was a loser.
Jeb Stuart, Stonewall Jackson, Jefferson Davis -- they're all losers in my book.
You know, it's interesting. The South lost the Civil War, but they still seem to get all the glory.
What part of Dixie are you from, Duane?
...and put them in your mouth.
Well, my idea of stupid is very different from yours.  So here's how this is gonna work. Would you take your socks off, please?
Let's see... around here that would be Kiowa, Kickapoo or Osage, if I'm not mistaken.
Like what?
You did not just say "Injuns," Del.
Hmmmm. "Five Stars," huh?  Is that stupid, Wesley?
I didn't think so. So, give me an example of a stupid person doing a stupid thing. Not being stupid, you're equipped to recognize it.
You're not a dumb fuck, are you, Del?
I'm asking you for an example of one of these dumb fucks being a dumb fuck.
Could you give us an example?
What do you mean?
It's a nice place you got here. Real comfortable. Sweet little town, Fair Oaks. You like it here?
We appreciate that. But you just poured me a drink, I'd like to enjoy your hospitality for a few minutes.
If we're for real?
I like this. I like doing business in the home. It's cozy...  Who's birthday?
Oh, yes, with the coffee...
You're a hundred percent right. They rely on what's-his-name's arm too much...
Not her mouth...  I've spent many long hours in a car with your face staring back at me. I've seen it painted on the horizon.
No, I said to follow 'my' instincts. Now, we go up there and conclude our business. Case closed.
No... if we don't finish this job, how are we gonna look at ourselves in the mirror? This is it for me, Wesley, she's the last one. My instinct says I gotta see this through with her, and if there's one thing I've tried to teach you here --
We could do that. I could be on my way to Florida, and you could go to Thailand and fuck your brains out.
What do your instincts tell you to do now, kid?
Well, you were right about what that bartender said.
You made your point...  I was wrong.
I said 'got it?'
Don't  Don't you talk about Betty like that. I don't care who she ends up being, you never use that word again. Got it?
...but she's, no, Betty's smarter than that. She wouldn't be here for a...
She can't be here because of a... a soap opera. Not a soap opera. That'd make her...
It just didn't fit her profile...
Who's this?
Wesley...
You need to remember who you're talking to...
'Cause I just don't buy it. Call it instinct. Call it 35 years of professional know-how...
I never said that I believed...
What doesn't?
No, no, Betty came here strictly for business, 'cause it's the biggest market for what she's selling. I should have known it all along. I'm kicking myself as I shave here. So, first thing we...
That's good. You're learning. But let me tell you why I know she was lying.  First off, Betty would never fall for a soap star. It's beneath her.
So you believed the bartender. Why?
This doesn't look like the kind of place Betty would go to.
What?
Where? Where is she?
Every American should see the Grand Canyon. Are you an American?
"When I grow up I'm going to become a nurse or a veterinarian. I always want to help people and value all life, be it animal, plant or mineral..."  Does that sound like a goddamn showgirl to you?
What difference does it make? She wasn't in Kansas City, or Houston, or Dallas. We went to every goddamn place Del mentioned and no Betty. So what the hell makes you think she's in Vegas? You think she's waiting for us with tassles on her titties? Vegas is too crass for Betty.
One of the Seven Natural Wonders of the World.
It's a very moving experience, trust me.
We should go.
Not so fast! Slower... 'blonde, thin', yes... Did they say she had style? A kind of grace or anything?
How'd they describe her?
I dunno... something.  Why is she doing this to me? Why?...
That was a really shitty thing to do.
You don't look comfortable here. That's 'cause you don't like being the center of attention, do you? Nah. You're like me.
Well, I should be in FLORIDA now! If Carl hadn't gone in to get those stones removed, you wouldn't be here and I'd be on my way to the Keys. On my boat, RELAXING WITH A GLASS OF PORT!! Re-ti red!
Do I deserve this? In the twilight of my career, do I deserve this? I don't think so! I've always tried to do what's right. I never took out anybody who didn't have it coming. I'm a professional!  AND WHERE THE FUCK AM I? I'M IN PURGATORY!
AND TURN THAT FUCKING MUSIC OFF!
That woman could be in any one of four states. Four big states where the deer and the antelope play, Wesley! We're not in Rhode Island!
There it is again. That lousy attitude that got us here in the first place. That "make a statement," do an end zone dance, shake your ass and sue everybody in sight attitude that's dragging this whole country down the drain.  They don't owe us shit, Wesley! WHEN YOU FINISH THE JOB, YOU GET PAID!! WE HAVEN'T FINISHED THE GODDAMN JOB!!
What?
They said find it. Find her, find it. Finish the job you were paid to do.
...She's got class, and poise. Lots of poise...
Betty would never dress like that. She's not some trailer park slut!
You're always so coarse... "Do her right here." Let's just see what happens, okay?  "I wish that I could find a way; To speak my thoughts on Mother's Day. There are no words that quite express; My gratitude or happiness. A pleasant smile perhaps a kiss; I would not fail to give her this. I'd make her glad the whole day through; By sayin' 'Mother', I love you!' P.S. I wish I could say this to my mother's face, but I can't anymore."
It's not an exact science, Wesley. He said they'll be here... My Houston contact has always been very reliable.
Wise beyond her years, I'm sure, and such poise, too.  Very, very impressive...
No,... like a worthy adversary, Wesley. Like a very worthy adversary.
Oh, for Chrissakes. It just means the kind of person who can eat shit for a long time without complaining, then cut their momma's throat and go dancing the same night.
Betty, Betty, Betty...
You should read more. Listen to me. I think this woman was waiting for a chance to do this, and we gave it to her. She kept to herself for years, living with a pompous asshole. Then she sees her opportunity, and BOOM! -- she leaves that little mudpatch in the dust. These heartlanders can't figure it out, 'cause that's not their sweet little Betty. Hah! We've been tracking her for, what, three days and I already understand her better'n most the people in that shitty little burg.
No, I see Betty as a Midwestern Stoic type. Ice water in her veins. A clear thinker. Probably a Swede or a Finn.
I'd say that about torches her credibility, wouldn't you?
Joyce was screwing Del.
So she gets rid of the asshole and is set for life in the same day.
I hope you're right...
Maybe you don't appreciate the gravity of this situation. It's bad enough that we don't have what we came here for. It's worse that we don't know where it is. And now this.  This was supposed to be my last job. I already put the deposit down on my boat.  How can you eat at a time like this? I get nauseous just watching you...
We don't. But a '97 Le Sabre'll be easy to find if it's here, town this size...  He said he gave his wife some car as a gift, remember?
You have to rise above it. The professionals rise above that kind of thing...
What the hell was that, another statement?
Wait. Any last words, General Lee?
He's telling the truth. He doesn't know.
Del's dead, by the way. I sent him to the Great Beyond.
I'm a Yankee, myself. Massachusetts.
Mmmm. Well, it was a piece of luck running into you, Duane. I thought I was gonna have to take Wesley out and hose him down. All he talks about is those Japanese gals.
Fine, I'll get you a bumpersticker, but you better start believing it! It's the only statement you need to make.
Let me tell you something. In our business you can't put food on the table if your phone doesn't ring. The guys who get the calls are good -- not flashy, just good. They get in, they get out. Nobody knows a goddamn thing. Understand? Boom, boom, boom. Three in the head and you know they're dead.
Why not, it'll confuse 'em... gotta do something, now that you fucked it up.
It's not here. Let's go.
What the hell does that mean? If I'd told a Ty Cobb story would you have clubbed him to death with a bat?
I wasn't done, I was just sick of hearing him whine. And you didn't take him out, you scalped him. Christ, I almost puked, did I tell you that?
What 'look'?
I saw his soul Wesley. He was face to face with his God, and no one lies in that situation. But your Geronimo act rattled me, and I abandoned my instincts.  Never abandon you instincts.
I had to shoot him! It was the only decent thing to do.
We don't know which Buick, do we?
This is great -- just great! Now we don't know where the goddamn stuff is.
That was to get him to talk!  Get rid of that thing, will you?
Are you out of your mind? You scalped him!
I'm all for them owning casinos, getting rich off the white man's greed. It's a beautiful piece of irony, isn't it, Wesley?
Hold still, Del, we're just talking here...  Then you grab a big handful of hair and pull as you cut. It's amazing how easily the scalp comes off.
It wasn't always fatal, Wesley. We could scalp Del right now, and he'd be plenty alive to tell us how it feels.
You know, a hundred and fifty years ago you'd have been scalped for that remark about Native Americans. Right here where your house is -- you'd have been scalped.
So you see, we have totally different ideas of what's stupid and what's not. Don't we?
Stupid is calling people in Kansas City who are affiliated with the rightful owners of the thing you stole, and trying to sell it to them. Right Wesley?
Stupid is trying to sell it to other people who are, by their very nature, untrustworthy.
That's what I thought.  You better give me another example.
I'm just curious. Can't you give me an example?
Wesley...  Your wife's a very lovely woman. Have I seen her before?
Bourbon, little water, thank you.
Mrs. Blaine? I can tell you right now, without a doubt, that your granddaughter is alive, and did not kill Del Sizemore.
What do you mean?
Very graceful. Perfect form.
Thank you for your cooperation.  Just one more thing... did she ever talk about getting rich?
I see.  May I?
But she wanted more out of life, right?
Hmm... you two in high school together?
...and how long did she work here?
