These guys are here to help you, Betty.
Okay, okay, look, ummm... Let's just talk a little first and you'll feel better, I promise.
Yeah, but your running away isn't going to help you with all this...
What?! That you had something to do with it?
Your husband?!
What? No, I'm not gonna let you just run out of here... You need to talk about what's going on...
Where are you going?
What are you doing?
Sure did! And a funny thing, Betty, he introduced himself to me as George!
Does he ever talk about medicine? His patients, the hospital?
Well, what if this guy's just playing with you? What if he's lying about who he is?
No, please. Go ahead, it's your funeral...
But, you're in love with someone who doesn't exist. You come here, you meet this guy, who should laugh in your face, and instead you leave with him!  Betty, you are one-of-a-kind...
This isn't fair, you know. Do you always get what you want?
I have, lots of times. My mother used to clean them. I used to piss in their pools.
Was it a huge place? With a view of the whole world?
No, I'm not sure I could begin to imagine... So, where'd you go?
Uh-huh... So, what'd you talk about?
Does he know you think he's real?
You still in love?
Were you with him this whole time?
You never know who you'll see.
Oh, it's a charity dinner. The money goes to a good cause, but I don't have anybody to go with...
So what do you say? Can we be friends?
This is crazy. I come home, you go to your room. You go in the kitchen, I go to my room. It's stupid.
I'm not going back on our arrangement. My word is good, and my family owes you. But I think it's best for both of us if you get your own place as soon as you can.
I helped you because I'm an idiot! Ask my mother, I love it when people take advantage of me! I TRUSTED YOU!! I THOUGHT HE WAS REAL!
IT'S NOT ABOUT GAS MONEY!!  You have a thing for an actor on a stupid white soap opera, and we searched all over town for his character! Not the actor -- whose name is George, by the way. His character!
I spent my weekend looking for someone who does -- not -- exist. I should have been here at the hospital with my brother, but I was with you.
I'M TALKING ABOUT DAVID RAVELL!!
Either you're making a fool out of me because you get off on it, or you got serious problems. Which one is it?!
ON TELEVISION!!  Cut the shit, will you!
Doctor David Ravell.
Guess who I saw today.
I was talking about what you could wear!
Jesus! They're all gonna be calling me!
Hey, how 'bout a card for me? What is that?  "Please call if you have any information on David Ravell." This is my phone number! How many of these have you given out?
Fuck the details, they're always to blame... Look, too many of these guys duck out on us, especially after they become doctors or lawyers. I see it at my company all day long! So I'm just gonna make sure you get your, you know, fairy tale ending or whatever...  One of us should.
...so, we'll hit the library first and fan out from there. They've got all the L.A. phone books, plus medical directories...  We're not gonna let him hide from you any more, okay? I'm making this my personal mission.
Jesus, I thought my love life was crazy...
Her 'head'?! You're making this up...
God, that's awful!
He has a wife?!
What are you talking about? This bar is packed with professional people!  Everybody says if you're going to get married, this is the spot to meet someone... Luckily, I'm currently off men, so I've got the luxury of not giving a shit.
You made it! Hey, that looks great on you. 'S classy...  So, how'd it go today? You find him?
Huh? Sure, look in my closet, take any dress you want!  We're still on for tonight, right?
Just look for the really crowded road and follow that.
Tustin? Take the Hollywood Freeway to the Five...
Oh, I dunno... but just once I wish I'd run into a guy who noticed the Koi before my tits.
Yeah, well, at least fish don't use your razor or pee on the seat...
No, this one was worse... I had to have the place sprayed when he left. Twice... He was two guys before the last one -- not counting a little office thing in there, which I'm trusting you with, 'cause if it gets out, I'm on the street...
I got this apartment with a guy.
Listen, when someone does the kind of thing you did, you gotta do something in return. So, you stay with me until you find your David and live happily ever after. Okay?
You can go get your stuff right now. I'll walk you down.
Man, that is love.
'David.' That's your guy. So, you staying with him?
So why'd you come to L.A.?
You don't sound like you're from here.
ARE YOU CRAZY?!! STOP IT!!!
You're hurting him!!
What are you doing?
Oh, yeah... Man, I'd love to find that actor just to see the look on her face, watch her bubble burst in mid-air.
I'm not sure now. She said he used to be over at Loma Vista. I never heard of it.
David Ravell.
She's gonna have to 'cause I'm out of ideas.
Betty. It's O.K. except I'm worn out. We spent all weekend looking for her doctor-boy. How can a big time heart guy leave no trace of himself?
Probably the same thing my mom would do if I got engaged... have a heart attack.
