Approximately forty-seven minutes, sir.
Sorry, sir.  There is too much interference in the planet's ionosphere for an accurate reading.
"Lifeforms tiny little lifeforms. Where are the lifeforms-"
Approximately two hundred thirty million.
Veridian III is uninhabited, but Veridian IV supports a pre-industrial humanoid society.
It should be noted, sir, that the collapse of the Veridian star would produce a shock wave similar to the one we observed at Amargosa.
Yes, sir. There are two in the Veridian system.
I believe so.
I believe so.
This is its current position.
The destruction of the Amargosa star has altered the gravitational forces throughout the sector. Any ship passing through this region will have to make a minor course correction.
According to our current information, the destruction of the Amargosa star has had the following effects in this sector: gamma emissions have increased by .05 percent, the starship Bozeman was forced to make a course correction, a research project on Gorik IV was halted due to increased neutrino particles, ambient magnetic fields have decreased by-
Guilt. It is a most unpleasant feeling.
But I did not deal with it, sir. I let it prevent me from helping my friend.  Does that make me a coward?
I wanted to save Geordi. I tried. But I experienced something I did not expect.  I believe it was fear.
No, sir. I am finding it difficult to concentrate. I believe I am overwhelmed with feelings of remorse and regret concerning my actions on the observatory.
It will take a few moments for the computer to compile the information.
The star's destruction has had numerous astro-physical effects within this sector. However, none of them appear to have a connection to the energy ribbon.
Sorry, Captain. The ribbon has already entered the galaxy. It will pass through this sector in approximately thirty-one hours.
According to our information, the ribbon is a conflux of temporal energy which travels through our galaxy every 39.1 years
One minute to warp core breach.
I believe the emotional chip has overloaded my positronic relays.
I am sorry, but I cannot stop myself. I think something is wrong
It appears to be a magnetically sealed.
I know. I just got it.  It was very funny.
During the Farpoint mission. We were on the Bridge and you told a joke. That was the punchline.
I get it. I get it.
I am uncertain. I have had little experience with emotions. I am unable to articulate the sensation.
I believe the beverage has provoked an emotional response.
Agreed.
That is true. However, I believe my growth as an artificial lifeform has reached an impasse. For thirty-four years I have endeavored to become more "human"- to grow beyond my original programming. And yet I am still unable to grasp such a simple concept as humor. This emotion chip is the only answer.
It has occurred to me on several occasions. But I believe this may be the appropriate time.
I was attempting to get in the spirit of things. I thought it would be humorous.
Is she still angry?
I have rerouted auxiliary power to the lateral thrusters- attempting to level our descent.
Perhaps.  Yes! If we sent a low-level ionic pulse, it might reset the coil and engage the cloaking systems.
I hope so, sir.
I am quite...preoccupied with concern about Geordi.
Sensors show five life signs aboard the station, Captain.
