Yes, well, congratulations, Ensign. It wouldn't be the Enterprise without a Sulu at the helm.
But that wasn't so long ago. It couldn't have been more than...
I don't want to hear anymore about it. I'm not going, and that's final.
Tomorrow I want to make a tri-elliptical jump. That's where you jump out over Northern China and make three complete orbits before you start re-entry.
Thanks for pointing that out.
Risk is part of the game if you want to sit in that chair.
You left spacedock without a tractor beam?
No, no. Thank you.
Oh, of course.
Well, may we have a look around?
It's our pleasure.
Least I could do for a captain of the Enterprise.
Did we do it? Did we make a difference?
Of course, if Spock were here, he'd say I was being an irrational, illogical human for wanting to go on a mission like that.
I take it the odds are against us and the situation is grim?
How can I argue with the captain of the Enterprise? What was the name of that planet=8A Veridian III?
Close to retirement?
Captain of the Enterprise, huh?
She's not real either, is she? Nothing here is. Nothing here matters.
This is my uncle's barn in Iowa.
No, no, it's not. It's better.
I don't need to be lectured by you. I was out saving the galaxy when your grandfather was still in diapers. And frankly, I think the galaxy owes me one  I was like you once- so worried about duty and obligations that I couldn't see anything past this uniform. And in the end, what did it get me? Nothing. Not this time.
You said history considers me dead. Who am I to argue with history?
Temporal nexus, yeah, I heard you.  Something's missing.
So you're telling me this is the 24th-century, and I'm dead?
This clock, I gave this clock to Bones.
Beautiful day, isn't it?
Kirk here.
Keep her together until I get back.
Where are the deflector relays?
Load torpedo bays, prepare to fire on my command.
A photon torpedo?
I thought you might.
The first thing you learn as captain is how to cheat death.  Scotty?
Phasing? To where?
Sulu. When did he find the time for a family?
You know, Scotty, it amazes me.
When I retired, I swore I'd never set foot on a starship again, and I meant it.
I'm not going  Scotty, help me with this chute.
Oh
