I have to find a way to get to Soran.
Commander.
Population?
Are any of them inhabited?
And destroy every planet in the system.
That's where he's going.
He can't go to the ribbon, so he's trying to make the ribbon come to him.  Data, is it going to pass near any M-Class planets?
Now, you said the gravitational forces in this sector have been altered, could that also affect the course of the ribbon?
Courage is an emotion too, Data.  Now, can you project the course of the ribbon?
Can you project its course?
Wait. The Bozeman,why did it change course?
No. And what you must try to avoid is becoming consumed by another emotion which I believe you're beginning to experience: guilt.
Fear is a very difficult emotion to overcome. It's something we all have to learn to deal with.
What do you mean?
Data, are you all right?
Give me a list of those effects. I want to know every single thing which has been altered or changed, no matter how insignificant.
Guinan said Soran was trying to get back to the ribbon. If that's true, then there must be some connection with the Amargosa star.
Data?
When is it expected back?
You're right. I'll need help.  Guinan, will you come back with me? Together, we could-
I know exactly where I want to go, and when. Back to that mountaintop on Veridian III, before Soran put out the star. I have to stop him.
I don't understand.
Can I?
Guinan, can I leave the Nexus?
These are my children...my children.
Where is he now?
Soran?
Left behind?
Guinan, what are you doing here? I thought you were on the Enterprise.
But I never had a wife, children, a home like this.
This is the Nexus?
Guinan, what's going on? Where am I?
But why destroy a star?  Thank you, Guinan.
Your "sixth sense"- I've always wondered where it came from.  And what about Soran?
What happened to you?
What's the "Nexus"?
Guinan. It's important that you tell me what you know. We think Soran's developed a weapon...a terrible weapon. It might give him enough power to-
Do you remember him?
Yes.  Thank you.
I'll find a way to contact the Enterprise. You're going to be all right.
You could say that.
That's right.
I hadn't planned on it.
That's right.
Antonia?
Better?
You're a Starfleet officer and you have a duty to-
Not exactly. As I said, this is some kind of-
I'm from what you would consider the future; the 24th-century.
Yes, yes, it is.
You may still. Somehow I doubt this will be the last ship to carry the name Enterprise.
Too big. How long until the ribbon arrives?
They're just trying to decide whether a twenty year-old Klingon Bird of Prey is any match for the Federation flagship.
How is that possible?
Report.
No. Thank you.
Understood. That will be all.
Thank you, Number One.
Is there a problem?
Hmm,  Inform Starfleet Command. This could indicate a new Romulan threat in this sector.
There's still no indication of why they attacked the station?
Make it so.
Imagine what it was like, Will. No engines, no computers, just the wind, the sea and the stars to guide you.
Well, now that we're all aboard=8A  Number One, bring the ship before the wind.  Let's see what's out there.
Don't you think you're taking this a little too far, Number One?
Mr. Data, scan the planet for lifeforms.
My brother had shouldered that burden, allowing me to pursue my own selfish needs.
Ever since I was a little boy, I remember hearing about the family line. The Picards that fought at Trafalgar, the Picards that settled the first Martian colony. When my brother married and had a son...
In a way, he was as close as I ever came to having a child of my own.
What I can't get out of my mind is the image of Rene- my nephew. I just can't believe he's gone.
All right, all right. You've made your point.
Well, with all due respect to your Betazoid senses, I prefer to be alone right now.
As ship's counselor, it's your duty to know not only when you're needed but also when you're not.
Well, I appreciate your concern, but I'd rather not discuss it right now, thank you.
Counselor. What can I do for you?
Yes. Fine. If you'll excuse me.
Thank you.
The Nexus.
We're all mortal, Soran. It's one of the truths of ou existence.
Not if it means killing over two hundred million people.  I wonder, did your wife Leandra know that she married a man who was capable of mass murder?
The thought had crossed my mind.
We're doing the best we can. Now if you'll excuse me...
Doctor, we're still conducting an investigation into the attack. Once we've completed our work, we'll be happy to allow you and your fellow scientists back aboard the observatory. Until then-
Nothing for me.  I understand there's something urgent you need to discuss with me.
Doctor Soran?
