All hands, brace for impact!
Could we access the defective coil and trigger their cloak?
We all are, Data. But we're going to get him back.
Looks like you're stuck with emotions for a while. How do you feel?
The station complement was nineteen.
I always thought I'd have a crack at this chair one day.
That's a pretty big margin of error.
Maybe they're not out there.
A quantum implosion has occurred within the Amargosa star. All nuclearfusion is breaking down.
Sir, is there anything wrong?
There is something else, Captain. One of the scientists, a Doctor Soran,has insisted on speaking with you.  I told him you were busy, sir, but he said it was absolutely imperative that he speak with you right away.
No, sir.
You want me to contact Starfleet?
We think they were looking for something- they practically tore the place apart.
Sir?
Bad food, brutal discipline.  No women.
Aye, aye, sir.  Take the wheel, Commander.
When we went to ancient Rome for Deanna's promotion, we threw her to the lions, remember?
We're only going to get one shot at this. Target their primary reactor. With any luck, their warp core should implode.
Worf, prepare a spread of photon torpedoes. We'll have to hit them the instant they begin to cloak.
Right. And they'll be vulnerable for at least two seconds.  Data,lock onto that plasma coil.
Plasma coils...is there any way we can use that to our advantage?
Lock phasers and return fire!
Lursa and B'Etor? This doesn't make any sense. A renowned stellar physicist somehow uses a trilithium probe to destroy a star, kidnaps Geordi and escapes with a pair of Klingon renegades. Why? What the hell's going on?
The star's going to collapse in a matter of minutes.
Have Geordi and Data go over with the next Away Team. Tell them to scan the observatory for trilithium.
Why were they looking for it on a Federation observatory? It doesn't make any sense.
Trilithium?
Well, that narrows it to Klingon, Breen or Romulan.
It looks like we're too late.
You see the top yardarm, now look to the-
