We learn something new about ourselves every day.  Now. Maybe I didn't make myself clear. It is very important that you tell me exactly what Captain Picard knows.
I just stopped your heart for five seconds. It felt like an eternity, didn't it? Did you know that you can stop the human heart for up to ten minutes before the onset of brain damage?
Oh, I forgot to tell you. While you were unconscious, I injected a nano-probe into your bloodstream. It's been navigating your cardiovascular system, and right now I've attached it to your left ventricle.  A little trick I picked up from the Borg.
What about Guinan? What has she told you about me?
Let's try to move beyond the usual prisoner-interrogator banter, shall we? You have information and I need it.  Did the Captain explain his orders to you? Did he say why you were searching for trilithium?
I don't want a science lecture. You were on that observatory looking for trilithium. Why?
Normal is what everyone else is, and what you are not.
A remarkable piece of equipment, but a little inelegant, wouldn't you say?  Have you ever considered a prosthesis that would make you look a little more...normal?
Careful, Captain. That's a fifty gigawatt forcefield. I wouldn't want to see you get hurt.
Time has no meaning there. The predator has no teeth.
What if I told you I found a new truth?
I've spent eighty years looking for another way, Captain. This is the only one.  Of course, you could always come with me. You fancy yourself an explorer. Here's a chance to explore something no human has ever experienced.
The only possible reason you're here is because you're not entirely confident you can shoot down my probe after all. So you've come to dissuade me from my horrific plan.  Good luck.
You must think I'm quite the madman.
The timing is very important on my experiment- if it is not completed within the next twelve hours, years of research will be lost.
Yes. I need to return to the observatory immediately. I must continue a critical experiment I was running on the Amargosa star.
Yes, yes, Captain. Thank you for coming.
