Funny thing, you mentioning money. I was just about to ask your for some...
You sure you heard what I said?
Beg pardon, ma'am?
Don't know what line Morey's in, but myself now, fact is -- I'm a hustler.
The Statue of Liberty.
Beg pardon, ma'am. I'm brand spanking new to this town, come from Houston, Texas, and hoping to get a look at the Statue of Liberty...
I got me two hundred twenty-four bucks of flat folding money...  He know what he can do with that chicken-shit day's pay. And if he ain't man enough to do it for himself, I be happy to oblige!
Well, ain't no use hanging around here.
Men, they mostly faggots.
Lotta rich women back there...
Don't guess. Just come for my day's pay owing and to tell you I'm heading East.
No, ma'am, I'm not.
You sure are a pretty lady.
Joking? No, ma'am. Oh no! I mean business!
I show you what problem --
Beat your butt, you don't lemme think!
Cut it out. That's cheating, teasing me so I can't think. Just one bitsy Y word and I gonna beat you!
Y -- what in hell starts with Y?
M-O-N-Y -- I'm right! That's just exactly how they spell it up there on that big building, bet you could see it from here. M-O-N-Y.
Talking helps. Don't talk, you get muddled in your head. Hey! Now you just look at this here!
What? It's a perfectly good word, ain't it. How much time I got?  Goddam sand thing drive you crazy. Kee-rist. Spelling never was a very strong point with me. Even in school.
I ain't sleepy.
You think I'm lying!
Well, that's something never happened to me before, you can bet your bottom dollar. Uh, where's the matches, ma'am?
Sure you're all right?
Yeah, oh yeah.
Shee-it, you know, I got this thing all figured out, Ratso. I mean Rico. When we get to Miami, what I'll do, I'll go to work. I gotta do that, 'cause see, I ain't no kind of a hustler. I ain't even any goddam good as a bum. I'm a nothing, that's what I am. So reckon I'd better go to work and get me a goddam job. Okay?
I'm zipping your fly, what the hell you think I'm doing?
You just -- just -- what happened, you just had a little rest stop wasn't on the schedule.
Hell, don't cry about it!
You're what?
Hey -- whatsa matter?
Sounds like they knew you.
Keep the goddam blanket on.
If you have to shiver, why don't you pull the blanket up more?
Shee-it. You believe all you read?
How'n hell a dumb Bronx kid like you know that?
Yeah.
These guys're good drivers.
Just when everything's going my way, you gotta pull a stunt like this.
You know what's wrong with you? You got fevers. You kinky as a bedbug. How you gonna get to Florida?
Well, just exactly what the hell you think you're gonna do? Die on me?
Okay. Here it is. You gonna go see the doctor. I got nine bucks and twenty more Thursday and I gonna be riding high before you know it. So you gonna get you the best goddam doctor in this town and get yourself straightened out, that's what.
Who?
What of?
And what?
Yeah.
You couldn't lift fly specks from a sugar bowl. Can you hold this?
They wrong?
Well, if you're awright, why you hanging on the bannister. Can you walk or not?
Tell her, Ratso.
Well, I made it. This here is Ratso Rizzo and I...
Few dozen cooties won't kill me, don't guess.
You got a comb?
But they picked me, right? So what I'll do, I'll just say, now look, you want me? Well, I don't go nowhere without my buddy here.
Did I say that? Did I?  It don't say nothing about you...
Now I'm here. I'm in New York City. Getting picked for things. Don't you see what I'm driving at?
Well, this thought just struck me. It wasn't too long ago I was washing dishes way the hell somewhere in Texas.
Well, uh, he dam well know he ain't 'be-loved Aunt Winifred'.
Respect shee-it! You even steal flowers for his grave.
Kee-rist, you sure are one twisty little bastard, Ratso.
Forty-second Street. Where'n hell you think it come from?
Who'd you ever do a favor for? You just let some poor bastard freeze to death, wouldn't you?
Shee-it. Cough yourself inside out, then light a fag, a goddam fag. You make me puke. Where'd you steal it? In the movies?
What I'm gonna do, I'm gonna make a cowboy outta you, kid. How about that? Build you up a little, teach you couple little tricks'n turn y'out to stud, Rat-stuff.
Don't rush me. How I do it, see, I get myself primed, like I was turning on the charm for some pretty little blonde lady, then kinda mosey away slow and easy and - swing around! -- and there you are, you handsome devil.
Kee-rist, you pretty damn clever for a skimpy little gimp.
Hey, you're good! I bet you could pick up a living at this if you tried.
Well, uh, my manager's gonna manage all that crap, or else he gonna get a coconut up his flue.
You talk like a man with a tin twat.
What's all this sweet talk about Florida? Your friend O'Daniel got a stable down there now?
I think finding you's the smartest thing I ever did, for both of us. You just the crooked kinda sneaky little sidewinder I need to get me hustling in this town. Hey!
This is an okay setup you got here, but I'd say you ain't just exactly, uh, flush, is that right or not?
Rico! Rico! Rico! Is that enough?  And keep your meat hooks off my radio.
Shee-it, man, I can't say all that.
So if you want me to hang around for a few days, I thought you should know.
Well, I hope you know what you're in for. I'm a very dangerous person. Someone does me bad like you. If I caught up with you that night, there'd be one dead Ratso long about now. Hear?
Oh. Guess I got the wrong impression.
You want me to stay here tonight, is that the idea?
Well now, Ratso, I'm gonna tell you something for your own good, only first gimme a cigarette.
What for?
You don't seem like no fag...
Smart thing for me to do is haul ass outta here.
You inviting shee-it.
Listen, keep away from me, hear? You come near me again, I snatch you bald-headed!
You want some free medical advice, shut your goddam mouth about that night.
It's sticky. What you do, slobber on 'em? I wouldn't touch 'em.
What's in your socks?
I mean, dammit, where you live?
Now take it. Go on.  Listen, where can I reach you? Cause I'm gonna make this right with you soon's I get me set up...
Ten, ten -- I got a twenty -- take that...
Hold it, just hold it. You think I'm that kinda sombitch? Just name your cut, whatever you want, you got it right now. Five? Ten, how's that?
Hey, listen, how about you take me to mee this Mister O'Diddle bird right now?
I think you just put your finger on it, I do.
I'm a hustler, hell, didn't you know that?
For money.
... you see what I'm getting at here? She got a penthouse up there with color TV and more goddam diamonds than an archbishop and she busts out bawling when I ask for money!
Same all around! For my friend, too!
Shee-it...  Kee-rist, you really know the ropes. Wish to hell I bumped into you before. I'm Joe Buck from Texas and I'm gonna buy you a drink, what do you say to that?
Oh, it ain't cheap. I mean, yeah, I'd say this was an all right shirt. Don't like to, uh, you know, have a lot of cheap stuff on my back.
Get outta my way.
I gotta have more'n ten. I gotta have fifty-seven dollars.
Listen, I gotta have money.
I'm going to Florida.
You want me to leave?
What you got me up here for?
What d'you want?
What?
Gin's okay.
Get down -- where?
Gonna be like money from home.
Ready for anything.
Uh, yessir.
Well, uh, I'm raring to go.
Yessir, I can see that.
Well, not too, I mean, a little.
You bet I do, sir.
No sir, I'm no cowboy really, but I'm a first class stud.
