Thanks, Joe.
Hey, what the hell you doing?
I'm falling apart, that's funny?
Here I am going to Florida and my leg hurts, my butt hurts, my chest hurts, my face hurts, and like that ain't enough, I gotta pee all over myself.
I wet my pants! My seat's all wet.
I'm wet.
Sounds like crap, admit it. And I'm not gonna have it. I'm Rico all the time, okay, do you blame me? That's agreed, okay? We're gonna tell all these new people my name's Rico?
I mean New York's one thing, but can you see this guy, imagine it, running around the goddam beach all suntan and he's going in swimming, like, and then somebody yells 'Hey, Ratso' -- how does that sound to you?
I been thinking. I hope we're not gonna have a lotta trouble about my name down there. Because like what's the whole point of this trip anyway?
I read it.
You get your first palm tree in South Carolina.
They gotta be.
I don't even want you to go. Whaddya think of that? I got other plans for my life than dragging around some dumb cowboy that thinks he's God's gift to women. One twenty-buck trick and he's already the biggest stud in New York City. It's laughable.
I'll find the money. If you just get me on the bus, that's all I ask.
I'm going to Florida, that's my only chance.
No doctors. No, sir. Not me. Doctors are like goddam auto mechanics. Fix one-thing, unplug another. Operate for piles and while they're there, they unscrew your liver. My old man, for God's sake, wasn't any sicker'n I am when he went to the doctor.
I don't know. Cops. Or the -- how should I know?
What'll happen. I mean what they do to, you know, do with you -- if you can't -- ah, Christ!
I'm scared.
Well, I don't think I can walk.  I mean, I been falling down a lot and, uh...
But thanks.  Hey, Joe, don't get sore about this or anything. You promise?
No. But while you was buying the underwear, I could have lifted the socks.
Walk? Naturally I can walk.
Twenty bucks...
Rico. Rico Rizzo.
Don't need a comb.
Well, what the hell, I got nothing better to do.
Don't say nothing about you either.
What you're driving at, you want me to get lost so you can go to your fancy-ass party.
Yeah, well, so?
He can't read. Even dumber than you. Couldn't write his own name. X -- that's what it ought to say there on that goddam headstone. One big lousy X like our flat. Condemned. By order of City Hall.
Can he smell the difference, eh?
The name's Rico, at my own father's grave, a man deserves some respect.
You wanna know the truth? You dumb bastard, I got it for you. Look at it. Goddam thing's ten sizes too big for me.
Where'd that come from?
The coat? A guy I did a favor once gave it to me. Christ.
Not bad -- for a cowboy -- you're okay, you're okay.
You like it? Take a look.
And end up a hunchback like my old man? You think I'm crippled? You shoulda caught him the end of a day.
You ain't got a chance in hell. You need threads and glitter, baby. A front, hey?
Look at yourself, Joe, no offense, but frankly, you're beginning to smell. For a stud in this town that's a handicap.
Miami Beach is the only place for a real hustler. Florida has more rich chicks per square yard than any resort spot in the world. They lie out in their pagodas and pergolas waiting to grab the first jockstrap that passes.
In Florida, they come smooth, ready to eat. Down there, your only problem is, diet-wise, you gotta lift an arm to wipe warm milk off your chin. Tough, hey?
I been sick. Hold this, will ya?
The two basic items necessary to sustain life are sunshine and coconut milk. That's a known fact. If I can find the goddam hole the milk squirts out.
Rico then, at least call me Rico in my own goddam place.
Joe -- do me one favor -- this is my place, am I wrong? You know, in my own place my name ain't Ratso. I mean it so happens my name is Enrico Salvatore Rizzo.
I'm impressed. You're a killer.
I want you to stay, okay? I goddam invited you, didn't I?
I ain't forcing you, like, I mean, who's forcing you?
I drug in a cot, if you want to stay.
So you could sleep! I mean Christ!
What's that supposed to mean?
Whatsa matter now?
I'm inviting you. I mean if you're not located, I got a place. I'm inviting you, goddamit.
Okay, right, right, okay. Another subject. Where you living? Still at the hotel?
You keep the sixty-four cents. I want you to have it.
Not a cent, I swear to God, I swear on my mother's eyes.
Forget it.
Oh hell, forget it.
Let's see how you look. Fine. You look fine. Now I'm gonna have to have that other ten...
Tomorrow when some piece like that's scratching your back in a Fifth Avenue townhouse, where'll your pal Rizzo be? Nedicks.
Well, Joe, you're a nice guy, and I'd be doing you both a favor, but why? What'm I dragging my bum leg all over town for? It's no picnic and what for, for me myself, what?
My friend O'Daniel. That's who you need. Operates the biggest stable in town. In the whole goddam metropolitan area. A stud like you - paying! -- not that I blame you -- a dame starts crying, I cut my heart for her...
How would I know? You gotta tell a person these things  A hustler? Picking up trade on the street like that -- baby, believe me -- you need management.
For money for what?
For what?
Enrico Rizzo from the Bronx. Don't mind if I do.
That is one hell of a shirt. I bet you paid a pretty price for it, am I right?
Is he all right!
I agree. And for that service I charge one dollar taxi fare.
... and taxi fare for me.
You really want to do business?
