Anything else you'd care to rifle through, Mr. Dalton?
So keep your head about you--the lot of you--understood?
Like, if nothing else, the opportunity to attend my classes, understand?
Sucking out the marrow doesn't mean getting the bone stuck in your throat, Charles.  You still have responsibilities to yourself and those who care about you.
I don't know what misguided impulse caused you to pull that ridiculous stunt, Mr. Dalton, but, whatever it was, I hope you've learned your lesson.
So avoid using the word 'very' because it's lazy.  A man is not very tired, he is exhausted.  Don't use very sad, use morose.  Language was invented for one reason, boys--to woo women--and, in that endeavor, laziness will not do.  It also won't do in your essays.
We used to meet here on special occasions. Who would like to convene the meeting?
Rahesh Non never existed, Mr. Meeks. You make him or someone like him up.  No self important college professor such as this one would dare admit ignorance of such an obviously important figure and you will probably receive a comment similar to the one I received:
And don't limit poetry to the word. Poetry can be found in a work of art, music, a photograph, in the way a meal is prepared--anything with the stuff of revelation in it.  It can exist in the most everyday things but it must never, never be ordinary  By all means, write about the sky or a girl's smile but when you do, let your poetry conjure up salvation day, doomsday, any day, I don't care, as long as it enlightens us, thrills us and--if it's inspired--makes us feel a bit immortal.
Precisely, Meeks. Greek for the herd. However, be warned that, when you say "the hoi polloi" you are actually saying the the herd.  Indicating that you too are "hoi polloi."
Seize the day while you're young, see that you make use of your time.  Why does the poet write these lines?
Very good, Mr._?
Gather ye rosebuds while ye may.  The Latin term for that sentiment is "Carpe Diem." Anyone know what that means?
I always thought education was learning to think for yourself.
Oh that. That was an exercise to prove a point.  About the evils of conformity.
Courtyard?
Your reprimand made quite an impression I'm sure.
I didn't know you taught.
Come on boys, don't be shy.
Don't stop!
Excellent!  Have him act.  Give it rhythm!
A sweaty-toothed madman
Now there's the poet speaking!  Close your eyes and think of the picture. Describe what you see.  NOW!
Use your imagination!  First thing that pops to your mind, even if it's gibberish!
A madman.  Perhaps he was.  What kind of madman?  Don't think!  Answer.
Todd, there's a picture of Whitman over the door.  What does he remind you Of? Quickly, Anderson, don't think about it.
All right!  Very good!  There's a barbarian in there after all!
LOUDER!
Again!  Louder!
Good god, boy! Yell!
A barbaric yawp.
Really?  You told your father what you told me?  You let him see your passion for acting?
What did your father say? Did you talk to him?
Not if you're going to stay true to yourself.
Give your father the benefit of the doubt.  Talk to him.  Let him see who you are.
Well, if it's more than a whim, then you'll have to prove that to him.  You'll have to show him with your passion and commitment that it's what you really want to do.  If that doesn't work, at least by then you'll be eighteen and able to do what you want.
Neil, I know this seems impossible but you have to go to your father and show him what you're feeling.  You have to let him see who you are-  It's your only chance.
Then you're playing a part for him too, aren't you?  A dangerously self- destructive one.
You can't live a life for someone else, Neil.  You can only live for yourself. Have you told your father what you just told me?  Have you shown him your passion about acting?
Ah, but I am seeing the world, Neil. The new world.  Seeing a student like you take root and bloom.  It's worth everything.  That's why I came back here. A place like this needs at least one teacher like me.  Did you come here to talk about my teaching?
Maybe they don't want worldly things distracting me from my teaching.
Okay.
All poetry was acceptable.  The name simply referred to the fact, that to join the organization, you had to be dead.
Nothing wrong with research.
Ah, so you boy's have been snooping.
