Yeah, okay.
Yeah, yeah I know. Okay.
Sure Allan, I'll be there.
Hiya Allan.
But I guess she told Dieter.
Where'd she been?
Well, okay, you're not privy to all the new shit, so uh, you know, but that's what you pay me for.  Speaking of which, would it be possible for me to get my twenty grand in cash? I gotta check this with my accountant of course, but my concern is that, you know, it could bump me into a higher tax--
No, man, nothing is fucked here--
Shit.
Oh, man, don't say that..
Uh-huh.
Oh, nothin', you know.
So he thinks it's the carpet-pissers, huh?
Why me, man?
Huh.
Yeah sure, if I'm ever in the neighborhood, need to use the john.
It's the LeBaron.
That guy treats women like objects, man.
Uh-huh.
I want a fucking lawyer, man.  I want Bill Kunstler.
I know my rights.
Yeah, it sucks.
Jesus fucking Christ.
The?  Who the fff--
Who're you working for?  Lebowski? Jackie Treehorn?
She's not my special lady, she's my fucking lady friend.  I'm just helping her conceive, man!
I'm not a--ah, fuck it, just stay away from my fucking lady friend, man.
Hey man, don't you have something else you could put it in?
Can we just rent it from you?
Nothing.
Almost five!
Thank you, Donny.
I'm going home, Donny.
Walter, how--
Yeah, well, what do you care, Walter?
Yeah.
Rug-peers did not do this.  I mean look at it.  Young trophy wife. Marries a guy for money but figures he isn't giving her enough.  She owes money all over town--
Yeah, this is the guy, this guy should compensate me for the fucking rug. I mean his wife goes out and owes money and they pee on my rug.
Fuckin' A.
My rug.
--had a rough night, and I hate the fucking Eagles, man--
I've had a--
Jesus, man, can you change the station?
Fuckin' A, man.  I got a rash. Fuckin' A, man.  I gotta tell ya Tony.
--and bowling.  I'll tell you the truth, Brandt, I don't remember most of it.--Jeez!  Fuck me!
--smoking thai-stick, breaking into the ROTC--
Well, yeah I did, but I spent most of my time occupying various, um, administration buildings--
Jeez.  Think he's got room for one more?
I see.
I guess he's pretty, uh, racially pretty cool--
Different mothers, huh?
Are these.
Nancy's pretty good.
Far out.
He's handicapped, huh?
Lebowski on the right?
Hey, is this him with Nancy?
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
I'm not really, uh.
Yes, uh, very impressive.
And the, uh, the briefcase?
No.  Here.
...Also, my rug was stolen.
...Me, I don't drink coffee.  But it's nice when they offer.
I'm unemployed.
Papers.  Just papers.  You know, my papers.  Business papers.
Huh?  Oh.  Yeah.  Tape deck.  Couple of Creedence tapes.  And there was a, uh. . . my briefcase.
Green.  Some brown, or, uh, rust, coloration.
1972 Pontiac LeBaron.
Yeah man.  Well, you know, the Dude abides.
Thanks, Gary...Take care, man, I gotta get back.
Ahh, you know.  Strikes and gutters, ups and downs.
Oh, hey man, how are ya?  I wondered if I'd see you again.
Yeah.  Thanks man.
Well I like your style too, man. Got a whole cowboy thing goin'.
Mm.
Uh-huh.  That some kind of Eastern thing?
Ahh, not so good, man.
Okay, Jackie, done.  I like the way you do business.  Your money is being held by a kid named Larry Sellers. He lives in North Hollywood, on Radford, near the In-and-Out Burger. A real fuckin' brat, but I'm sure your goons'll be able to get it off him, mean he's only fifteen and he's flunking social studies.  So if you'll just write me a check for my ten per cent. . . of half a million. . . fifty grand.
Does the Pope shit in the woods?
Yeah, well, right man, there are many facets to this, uh, you know, many interested parties.  If I can find your money, man-- what's in it for the Dude?
But she hasn't run off, she's been--
I thought you might know, man.
Uh-huh.  Well, I still jerk off manually.
On you, maybe.
Which one was Logjammin'?
White Russian, thanks.  How's the smut business, Jackie?
This is quite a pad you got here, man.  Completely unspoiled.
Jeffrey Lebowski.
Yeah man.
Huh?
Brother Shamus?  Like an Irish monk?
Who the fuck are you?  Why've you been following me?  Come on, fuckhead!
Who the fuck are you, man!  Come on, man!
No!  No!  NO!  THAT'S NOT--
No, the, uh, police chief of Malibu. A real reactionary. . . So your father. . . Oh man, I get it!
So...that doctor.
Huh...
Yeah, okay, but see, the Dude--
Well...no, of course not--
Increases?
Huh.  Jeez.  Well, so, did he--is that yoga?
But he's--
But your father--he runs stuff, he--
Huh?  He's fucking loaded.
It's a complicated case, Maude. Lotta ins, lotta outs.  Fortunately I've been adhering to a pretty strict, uh, drug regimen to keep my mind, you know, limber.  I'm real fucking close to your father's money, real fucking close.  It's just--
Larry Sellers, a high-school kid. Real fucking brat.
He thought I had your father's money, so he got me out of the way while he looked for it.
Jackie Treehorn trashed the place. Wanted to save the finder's fee.
Oh, you know, the usual.  Bowl. Drive around.  The occasional acid flashback.
Bunch of assholes.  And then, you know, little of this, little of that. My career's, uh, slowed down a bit lately.
Yeah.  Roadie for Metallica.  Speed of Sound Tour.
And then. . . let's see, I uh--music business briefly.
Not the compromised second draft. And then I, uh. . . Ever hear of the Seattle Seven?
I was, uh, one of the authors of the Port Huron Statement.--The original Port Huron Statement.
Well, uh. . . Not much to tell.
Maude?
Delayed after-eff--
Huh?  No, really, I don't even have the bruise any more, I--
Well, no, not exactly.  It's a complicated case, Maude.  Lotta ins. Lotta outs.  And a lotta strands to keep in my head, man.  Lotta strands in old Duder's--
Well yeah...I know that.
Well...yeah--
Jeez.  I miss vinyl.
Roy Orbison. . . Pink Floyd.
Beaver?  You mean vagina?--I mean, you know him?
Well--yeah, I guess--
The main guy, Dieter--
I'm telling you, I got definitive evidence--
Now I got--
Hey man, why don't you fucking listen occasionally?  You might learn something.  Now I got--
I, uh... money, yeah, I gotta respecfully, 69 you know, tender my resignation on that matter, 'cause it looks like your mother really was kidnapped after all.
No it's fine, really, uh--
That's really thoughtful but I--
Oh that's okay, I hardly even--
Yeah, but what about--
A hundred.
Well--sure, I could do that--
Yeah, but my-
Shit yeah, the achievers.
He fixes the cable?
Listen, Maude, I'm sorry if your stepmother is a nympho, but I don't see what it has to do with--do you have any kalhua?
Oh, no.
You mean coitus?
I was talking about my rug.
Excuse me?
Right, but let me explain something about that rug--
Huh?
"Johnson"?
Oh yeah?
Is that what that's a picture of?
You're a fuck, Walter!
What the fuck does Vietnam have to do with anything!  What the fuck were you talking about?!
What about that shit about Vietnam!
You make everything a fucking travesty!
Goddamnit Walter!  You fucking asshole!
Walter--
Well can we--
The Dude, actually.  Is what, uh.
Wha. . . Donny--
Wha.
Then what's...
They shot Donny!
Hy God!  They shot him, Walter!
Come on, Walter!.
Hey, cool it Walter.  Listen, pal, there never was any money.  The big Lebowski gave me an empty briefcase, man, so take it up with him.
Hey, cool it Walter.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
We're sorry, man.  We're really sorry.
Walter, you fuck!
He can't walk, Walter!
WALTER, FOR CHRIST'S SAKE!  HE'S CRIPPLED!  PUT HIM DOWN!
You thought Bunny'd been kidnapped and you could use it as a pretext to make some money disappear.  All you needed was a sap to pin it on, and you'd just met me.  You thought, hey, a deadbeat, a loser, someone the square community won't give a shit about.
It's just part of your whole sick Cynthia thing.  Taking care of her fucking dog.  Going to her fucking synagogue.  You're living in the fucking past.
This driveway.
And you were divorced five fucking years ago.
Yeah, and you were--
You're fucking Polish Catholic--
Walter, come off it.  You're not even fucking Jewish, you're--
Huh?
Shit yeah!
His million bucks was never in it, man!  There was no money in that briefcase!  He was hoping they'd kill her!  You throw out a ringer for a ringer!
I'm saying if he knows I'm a fuck- up, then why does he still leave me in charge of getting back his wife? Because he fucking doesn't want her back, man!  He's had enough!  He no longer digs her!  It's all a show! But then, why didn't he give a shit about his million bucks?  I mean, he knew we didn't hand off his briefcase, but he never asked for it back.
I mean we totally fucked it up, man. We fucked up his pay-off.  And got the kidnappers all pissed off, and the big Lebowski yelled at me a lot, but he didn't do anything.  Huh?
WALTER, YOU FUCKING ASSHOLE, WE GOTTA GO TO PASADENA!  COME  PICK ME UP OR I'M OFF THE FUCKING BOWLING TEAM!
THEN WHY CAN'T YOU--fuck, never mind, just call Donny then, and ask him to--
It is a fucking emergency.
Huh?
Walter, listen, I'm at my place, I need you to come pick me up--
Walter, if you're there, pick up the fucking phone.  Pick it up, Walter, this is an emergency.  I'm not--
And the fucking money!
Oh, for Christ's sake, Walter!
We know it's his fucking homework, Walter!  Where's the fucking money, you little brat?
Is the car out front yours?
Just ask him if he--ask him about the car, man!
Look, man, did you--
Fuck me, man!  That kid's already spent all the money!
Uh.
No.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Yeah yeah, I know the fucking show Walter, so what?
Yeah.
Who the fuck is Arthur Digby Sellers?
Who the fuck is that?
The In-and-Out Burger is on Camrose.
Fuck your sympathy!  I don't need your sympathy, man, I need my fucking Johnson!
Who gives a shit about the fucking marmot!
What're you, a fucking park ranger now?
Yeah.
They kept saying they believe in nothing.
They're nihilists.
This whole fucking thing--I  could be sitting here with just pee-stains on my rug.
That makes me feel all warm inside.
Yeah, thanks Walter.  That gives me a very secure feeling.
Thanks Walter.
I figure my only hope is that the big Lebowski kills me before the Germans can cut my dick off.
All right, I'm leaving.  I'm sorry ma'am.
What about the toe?
They're gonna kill her, Walter, and then they're gonna kill me--
But Walter--
Someone else's--where the fuck are they gonna--
The nail polish, Walter.
Whose toe was it, Walter?
Aw, fuck it.
It's been stolen, Walter!  You fucking know it's been stolen!
You don't know, Walter?  You seem to know the answer to everything else!
"Our" car, Walter?
Walter--
But Walter, we didn't make the fucking hand- off!  They didn't get, the fucking money and they're gonna-- they're gonna--
That's it.  I'm out of here.
Yeah, and in the meantime what do I tell Lebowski?
Who gives a shit, Walter?  What about that poor woman?  What do we tell--
Walter--
Walter, what'm I gonna tell Lebowski?
No, Walter!  I said I thought she kidnapped herself!  You're the one who's so fucking certain--
Huh?  The problem is--what do you mean what's the--there's no--we didn't-- they're gonna kill that poor woman--
What the fuck is that supposed to mean?  What the fuck're we gonna tell Lebowski?
Walter, please--
Uzi?
What the fuck?
Walter!
Fuck that!  I love you, Walter, but sooner or later you're gonna have to face the fact that you're a goddamn moron.
I'm throwing the money, Walter! We're not fucking around!
Well call them up and explain it to 'em, Walter!  Your plan is so fucking simple, I'm sure they'd fucking understand it!  That's the beauty of it Walter!
We throw the money out of the moving car!
There is no fucking hand-off, Walter! At a wooden bridge we throw the money out  of the car!
FUCK.
Yeah.  That's a great plan, Walter. That's fucking ingenious, if I understand it correctly.  That's a Swiss fucking watch.
Terrific, Walter.  But you haven't told me how we get her back.  Where is she?
Shutup, Walter!  Don't fucking say peep when I'm doing business here.
We're screwed now!  We don't get shit and they're gonna kill her! We're fucked, Walter!
They hung up, Walter!  You fucked it up!  You fucked it up!  Her life was in our hands!
Oh shit.  Walter.
Yes you're wrong.  This isn't a fucking game, Walter--
We?  What the fuck we?  You said you just wanted to come along--
Walter--what the fuck are you thinking?
Walter, I'm sure there's a reason you brought your dirty undies--
Agh--
What the hell is this?
The what?
It's your roll.
It's your roll--
Walter, face it, there isn't any connection.  It's your roll.
I don't see any connection to Vietnam, Walter.
It's all a goddamn fake.  Like Lenin said, look for the person who will benefit.  And you will, uh, you know, you'll, uh, you know what I'm trying to say--
I figure it's easy money, it's all pretty harmless.  I mean she probably kidnapped herself.
I told him if it was during league play--
...They  gave  Dude  a  beeper,  so whenever these guys call--
Yeah.
Twenty grand.  And of course I still keep the rug.
Huh.
Huh?
Yeah?  Wavin' a gun around?!
Well, just take 't easy, man.
Just, just take it easy, Walter.
You're not wrong, Walter, you're just an asshole.
No, you're not wrong--
He's fragile, man!  He's very fragile!
And you know Smokey has emotional problems!
Walter, you can't do that.  These guys're like me, they're pacificists. Smokey was a conscientious objector.
Walter, they're calling the cops, put the piece away.
Hey Walter--
Come on Walter, it's just--it's Smokey.  So his toe slipped over a little, it's just a game.
Hey man--
Hey, man, if my fucking ex-wife asked me to take care of her fucking dog while she and her boyfriend went to Honolulu, I'd tell her to go fuck herself.  Why can't she board it?
You brought a fucking Pomeranian bowling?
What the fuck are you--
What the fuck're you talking about? The carrier.  What's in the fucking carrier?
Huh?
You're fucking twenty minutes late. What the fuck is that?
Yeah, I could find this Lebowski guy--
Yeah, but--
No, but--
So who--
Walter, he peed on my rug--
Walter, this is not a guy who built the rail- roads, here, this is a guy who peed on my--
This Chinaman who peed on my rug, I can't go give him a bill so what the fuck are you talking about?
What's the point of--we all know who was at fault, so what the fuck are you talking about?
What's your point, Walter?
Yeah man, it really tied the room together--
Huh?  No, she, she hit me right here.
Friends like these, huh Gary.
Another Caucasian, Gary.
Dude.
Hey, just tell me where the fuck you want us to go.
Yeah.
Dude here.
Yeah?
Dude the Bagman.  Where do you want us to go?
Dude here.
Shit!
It's uh, it's down there somewhere. Lemme take another look.
Help me put him back in his chair.
Walter!
Well. . . yeah.
We know the briefcase was empty, man.  We know you kept the million bucks yourself.
Where's the money, Lebowski?
Well, okay, if you've already made out the check.  Brandt is handing him a letter-sized envelope which is distended by something inside.
Well sure, look at it!  Young trophy wife, I mean, in the parlance of our times, owes money all over town, including to known pornographers-- and that's cool, that's cool-- but I'm saying, she needs money, and of course they're gonna say they didn't get it 'cause she wants more, man, she's gotta feed the monkey, I mean-- hasn't that ever occurred to you...? Sir?
I'll tell you what I'm blathering about!  I got information--new shit has come to light and--shit, man! She kidnapped herself!
I--the royal we, you know, the editorial--I dropped off the money, exactly as per--Look, I've got certain information, certain things have come to light, and uh, has it ever occurred to you, man, that given the nature of all this new shit, that, uh, instead of running around blaming me, that this whole thing might just be, not, you know, not just such a simple, but uh--you know?
C'mon man, who're you gonna believe? Those guys are--we dropped off the damn money--
Well we--I don't--
Fuckin' A.
'Scuse me?
Mind if I smoke a jay?
Sure.  That and a pair of testicles.
I don't know, sir.
Dude.
Ah fuck it.
No, look.  I do mind.  The Dude minds. This will not stand, ya know, this will not stand, man.  I mean, if your wife owes--
Is this a--what day is this?
Employed?
Look, let me explain something. I'm not Mr. Lebowski;  you're Mr. Lebowski.  I'm the Dude.  So that's what  you  call me.  That, or Duder. His  Dudeness.  Or El Duderino, if, you know, you're not into the whole brevity thing--
Come on, man, I'm not trying to scam anybody here, I'm just--
Well no, like I said, Woo peed on the rug--
You mean, did you personally come and pee on my--
So you know they were trying to piss on your rug--
Well they were looking for you, these two guys, they were trying to--
Well sir, it's this rug I have, really tied the room together-
