What?
Exactly.  What happened to your face? Did Jackie Treehorn do that as well?
Look, Jeffrey, I don't want a partner. In fact I don't want the father to be someone I have to see socially, or who'll have any interest in rearing the child himself.
I want a child.
Well yes, what did you think this was all about?  Fun and games?
He helps administer the charities now, and I give him a reasonable allowance.  He has no money of his own.  I know how he likes to present himself; Father's weakness is vanity. Hence the slut.
We did let Father run one of the companies, briefly, but he didn't do very well at it.
No no, the wealth was all Mother's.
I keep telling you, it's the Foundation's money.  Father doesn't have any.
Jeffrey--
It's not my father's money, it's the Foundation's.  Why did he think you had it?  And who does?
Finder's fee?
What happened to your house?
What do you do for fun?
Uh-huh.
Oh?
Mmnun.
Uh-huh.
Tell me a little about yourself, Jeffrey.
Jeffrey.
I want you to see him immediately.
Please Jeffrey.  I don't want to be responsible for any delayed after- effects.
Do you still have that doctor's number?
So Dieter has the money?
Look, Jeffrey, you don't really kidnap someone that you're acquainted with.  You can't get away with it if the hostage knows who you are.
Is he pretending to be the abductor?
Huh?  Autobahn.  A-u-t-o.  Their music is a sort of--ugh--techno-pop.
Dieter has been on the fringes of-- well, of everything in L.A., for about twenty years.  Look at my LP's. Under 'Autobahn.'
Her "co-star" in the beaver picture?
Dieter Hauff?
From who?
She is most definitely the perpetrator and not the victim.
And please don't call her my mother.
She most certainly was not!
Do you have any news regarding my father's money?
Jeffrey, you haven't gone to the doctor.
Please see him, Jeffrey.  He's a good man, and thorough.
Here's the name and number of a doctor who will look at it for you.  You will receive no bill.  He's a good man, and thorough.
--your rug, yes, well with that money you can buy any number of rugs that don't have sentimental value for me. And I am sorry about that crack on the jaw.
Thousand, yes, bones or clams or whatever you call them.
If you successfully do so, I will compensate you to the tune of 1% of the recovered sum.
I'm getting to your rug. My  father and I don't get along; he doesn't approve of my lifestyle and, needless to say, I don't approve of his. Still, I hardly wish to make my father's embezzlement a police matter, so I'm proposing that you try to recover the money from the people you delivered it to.
Little Lebowski Urban Achievers, yes, and proud we are of all of them. I asked my father about his withdrawal of a million dollars from the Foundation account and he told me about this "abduction", but I tell you it is preposterous.  This compulsive
Don't be fatuous, Jeffrey.  Little matter to me that this woman chose to pursue a career
Lord.  You can imagine where it goes from here.
Take a look at this, sir.
Yes Mr. Lebowski, these unfortunate souls cannot love in the true sense of the word.  Our mutual acquaintance Bunny is one of these.
I like it too.  It's a male myth about feminists that we hate sex. It can be a natural, zesty enterprise. But unfortunately there are some people--it is called satyriasis in men, nymphomania in women--who engage in it compulsively and without joy.
You're not interested in sex?
Sex.  The physical act of love. Coitus.  Do you like it?
Do you like sex, Mr. Lebowski?
Yes, I know about it.  And I know that you acted as courier.  And let me tell you something:  the whole thing stinks to high heaven.
Thank you.
Yes, they don't like hearing it and find it difficult to say.  Whereas without batting an eye a man will refer to his "dick" or his "rod" or his "Johnson".
In a sense, yes.  Elfranco, my robe. My art has been commended as being strongly vaginal.  Which bothers some men.  The word itself makes some men uncomfortable.  Vagina.
