ANTI-SEMITE!
Show me what you got.  Nihilist. Dipshit with a nine-toed woman.
Come and get it.  Fucking nihilist.
Come and get it.
Fuck you.
NO RULES!  YOU CABBAGE-EATING SONS- OF- BITCHES--
There's no ransom if you don't have a fucking hostage.  That's what ransom is.  Those are the fucking rules.
Yeah, but we're--
This is a hundred and eighty dollars.
Don't need it.  We're scattering the ashes.
What's this?
Yeah.
They won't hurt us, Donny.  These men are cowards.
Shut the fuck up, Donny.  Not a bunch of fig-eaters with towels on their heads tryin' to find reverse on a Soviet tank.  This is not a worthy--
Shut the fuck up, Donny.  We'll, uh, brace the kid--he'll be a pushover. We'll get that fucking money, if he hasn't spent it already.  Million fucking clams. And yes, we'll be near the, uh--some burgers, some beers, a few laughs.  Our fucking troubles are over, Dude.
What have you.  We'll, uh--
Shut the fuck up, Donny.  This kid is in the ninth grade, Dude, and his father is--are you ready for this?-- Arthur Digby Sellers.
You gotta buck up, man, you can't go into the tournament with this negative attitude--
Am I wrong?
Are you gonna split hairs?
Come on, Donny, they were threatening castration!
Fucking Germans.  Nothing changes. Fucking Nazis.
Oh for Christ--will you shut the fuck up, Donny.
Where's your car, Dude?
Really, Dude, you surprise me. They're not gonna kill shit.  They're not gonna do shit.  What can they do?  Fuckin' amateurs.  And meanwhile, look at the bottom line.  Who's sitting on a million fucking dollars? Am I wrong?
Kill that poor woman.
Went alright.  Dude's car got a little dinged up--
I'm shomer shabbas.
WELL THEY CAN FUCKING UN-POST IT!
I told that kraut a fucking thousand times I don't roll on shabbas.
Saturday!  Well they'll have to reschedule.
Donny, shut the f--when do we play?
That's fucking exactly what happened, Dude!  That makes me fucking SICK!
Shut the fuck up, Donny!  V.I. Lenin! Vladimir Ilyich Ulyanov!
That fucking bitch!
Life does not stop and start at your convenience, you miserable piece of shit.
Shut the fuck up, Donny.
YOU'RE OUT OF YOUR ELEMENT!  This Chinaman is not the issue, Dude.
Huh?
So you have no frame of reference, Donny.  You're like a child who wanders in in the middle of a movie and wants to know--
Were you listening to the Dude's story?
Were you listening to the story, Donny?
Shit Dude, I'm sorry--
Dude, I'm sorry--
Dude, I'm--it was an accident!
Dude!  Dude, I'm sorry!
JUST BECAUSE WE'RE BEREAVED DOESN'T MEAN WE'RE SAPS!
We're scattering the fucking ashes!
A hundred and eighty dollars?!
Walter Sobchak.
Hurry Dude.  I'd go but I'm pumping blood.  Might pass out.
Call the medics, Dude.
It's a heart attack.
There weren't any shots.
No Dude.
What's mine is mine.
AND I'D LIKE MY UNDIES BACK!
Fuck you.  Fuck the three of you.
That's fuckin' combat.  The man in the black pyjamas, Dude.  Worthy fuckin' adversary.
I mean 'Nam was a foot soldier's war whereas, uh, this thing should be a fucking cakewalk.  I mean I had an M16, Jacko, not an Abrams fucking tank.  Just me and Charlie, man, eyeball to eyeball.
Sure you'll see some tank battles. But fighting in desert is very different from fighting in canopy jungle.
Shit, Dude, I didn't know.  I wouldn't've done it if I knew he was a fucking crybaby.
Yeah, I can see that, Dude.
Oh, shit.
Sure, I'll put him down, Dude.  RAUSS! ACHTUNG, BABY!!
It's all over, man!  We call your fucking bluff!
AS IF WE WOULD EVER DREAM OF TAKING YOUR BULLSHIT MONEY!
Three thousand years of beautiful tradition, from Moses to Sandy Koufax-- YOU'RE GODDAMN RIGHT I LIVE IN THE PAST!   I--Jesus.  What the hell happened?
I'm as Jewish as fucking Tevye
Yeah?  What do you think happens when you get divorced?  You turn in your library card?  Get a new driver's license?  Stop being Jewish?
You know this!
What the fuck are you talking about? I converted when I married Cynthia! Come on, Dude!
What the fuck are you talking about?
I'm saying, I see what you're getting at, Dude, he kept the money, but my point is, here we are, it's shabbas, the sabbath, which I'm allowed to break only if it's a matter of life and death--
Okay, but how does all this add up to an emergency?
Yeah?
What's your point, Dude?
Well it's, sometimes the cathartic, uh.
Dude, I'm not supposed to make calls--
I understand.  That's why I picked up the phone.
Erev shabbas.  I can't drive.  I'm not even supposed to pick up the phone, unless it's an emergency.
I can't drive, Dude, it's erev shabbas.
Dude?
And the fucking money.  And we know that this is your homework, Larry.
You're going to enter a world of pain, son.  We know that this is your homework.  We know you stole a car--
Look, Larry. . . Have you ever heard of Vietnam?
Is this your homework, Larry?
Is this yours, Larry?  Is this your homework, Larry?
Dude, please!. . .  Is this your homework, Larry?
Is this your homework, Larry?
Hardly Dude, a new 'vette?  The kid's still got, oh, 96 to 97 thousand, depending on the options.  Wait in the car, Donny.
Yeah, go figure.  Well we'll go out there after the, uh, the.
And yet his son is a fucking dunce.
Not exactly a lightweight.
The bulk of the series.
Fucking Arthur Digby Sellers wrote 156 episodes, Dude.
All but one man died?  There at Bitter Creek?
Who the f--have you ever heard of a little show called Branded, Dude?
Huh?
Near the In-and-Out Burger--
He lives in North Hollywood on Radford, near the In-and-Out Burger--
--We're sympathizing here, Dude--
No, I'm--
And let's also not forget--let's not forget, Dude--that keeping wildlife, an amphibious rodent, for uh, domestic, you know, within the city-- that isn't legal either.
Nihilists!  Jesus.
Huh?
Now Dude--
Dude--
Not if I have anything to say about it.
Now that is ridiculous, Dude.  No one is going to cut your dick off.
Don't run away from this, Dude! Goddamnit, this affects all of us!
Lady, I got buddies who died face- down in the muck so you and I could enjoy this family restaurant!
FORGET ABOUT THE FUCKING TOE!
Well that's just, that's the stress talking, Dude.  So far we have what looks to me like a series of victimless crimes--
I'll  get  you  a  toe by  this afternoon--with nail  polish. These fucking amateurs.   They send us a toe, we're  supposed to  shit our- selves with fear.  Jesus Christ. My point is--
You want a toe?  I can get you a toe, believe me.  There are ways, Dude.  You don't wanna know about it, believe me.
Fine, Dude.  As if it's impossible to get some nail polish, apply it to someone else's toe--
How the fuck should I know?  I do know that nothing about it indicates--
That wasn't her toe.
Well, certainly that's a possibility, Dude--
Hmm.  Well, we were in a handicapped spot.  It, uh, it was probably towed.
And what do they got, Dude?  My dirty undies.  My fucking whites--Say, where is  the car?
Who's got a fucking million fucking dollars parked in the trunk of our car out here?
Yeah yeah, "kill that poor woman."
For Christ's sake, Dude.
Saturday is shabbas.  Jewish day of rest.  Means I don't work, I don't drive a car, I don't fucking ride in a car, I don't handle money, I don't turn on the oven, and I sure as shit don't fucking roll!
C'mon Dude, eventually she'll get sick of her little game and, you know, wander back--
I told that fuck down at the league office-- who's in charge of scheduling?
That's right, Dude, 1  % certain--
What the fuck're you talking about? That poor woman--that poor slut-- kidnapped herself, Dude.  You said so yourself--
Huh?  Oh, him, yeah.  Well I don't see, um-- what exactly is the problem?
Aitz chaim he, Dude.  As the ex used to say.
You didn't think I was rolling out of here naked!
Your wheel!  At fifteen em-pee-aitch I roll out!  I double back, grab one of 'em and beat it out of him!  The uzi!
Your wheel, Dude!  I'm rolling out!
Okay, Dude.  No time to argue.  Here's the bridge--
The bridge is coming up!  Gimme the ringer, Dude!  Chop-chop!
Wooden bridge, huh?
We can't do that, Dude.  That fucks up our plan.
Huh?
What'd he say?  Where's the hand- off?
Thaaat's right, Dude.  The beauty of this is its simplicity. If the plan gets too complex something always goes wrong.  If there's one thing I learned in Nam--
...Huh?
That's the simple part, Dude.  When we make the handoff, I grab the guy and beat  it out of him.
Yeah.  So as long as we get her back, nobody's in a position to complain. And we keep the baksheesh.
Okay Dude.  Have it your way.
Ya see?  Nothing is fucked up here, Dude.  Nothing is fucked.  These guys are fucking amateurs--
Dude, nothing is fucked.  Come on. You're being very unDude.  They'll call back.  Look, she kidnapped her--
Easy, Dude.
What the fuck is going on there?
It is a fucking game.  You said so yourself, Dude--she kidnapped herself--
My point, Dude, is why should we settle for twenty grand when we can keep the entire million.  Am I wrong?
Well you're right, Dude, I got to thinking.  I got to thinking why should we settle for a measly fucking twenty grand--
Thaaaat's right, Dude.  The weight. The ringer can't look empty.
My dirty undies.  Laundry, Dude. The whites.
The ringer!  The ringer, Dude!  Have they called yet?
The fucking point is--
Have it your way.  The point is--
Well, there isn't a literal connection, Dude.
Those rich fucks!  This whole fucking thing-- I did not watch my buddies die face down in the muck so that this fucking strumpet--
That...fucking...bitch!
Huh?
What if it's during a game?
Just for making the hand-off?
Anyway.  How much they offer you?
When he moved down to Venice he had to go door-to-door to tell everyone he's a pederast.
The man is a sex offender.  With a record.  Spent six months in Chino for exposing himself to an eight- year-old.
Yeah, but he's a fucking pervert, Dude.
Calmer than you are.
I'm perfectly calm, Dude.
That's your answer to everything, Dude.  And let me point out--pacifism is not--look at our current situation with that camelfucker in Iraq-- pacifism is not something to hide behind.
Okay then.  We play Quintana and O'Brien next week.  They'll be pushovers.
Am I wrong!
Huh.  I did not know that.  Well, it's water under the bridge.  And we do enter the next round-robin, am I wrong?
You mean--beyond pacifism?
You know Dude, I myself dabbled with pacifism at one point.  Not in Nam, of course--
MARK IT ZERO!
Mark that frame an eight, you're entering a world of pain.
Smokey my friend, you're entering a world of pain.
This is a league game.  This determines who enters the next round- robin, am I wrong?
Fucking dog has papers, Dude.--Over the line!
First of all, Dude, you don't have an ex, secondly, it's a fucking show dog with fucking papers.  You can't board it.  It gets upset, its hair falls out.
What do you mean "brought it bowling"? I didn't rent it shoes.  I'm not buying it a fucking beer.  He's not gonna take your fucking turn, Dude.
I'm saying, Cynthia's Pomeranian. I'm looking after it while Cynthia and Marty Ackerman are in Hawaii.
Huh?  Oh--Cynthia's Pomeranian. Can't leave him home alone or he eats the furniture.
State of Israel.  If you will it, Dude, it is no--
Theodore Herzel.
Way to go, Dude.  If you will it, it is no dream.
Donny!  Please!
Okay. That, uh.
Am I wrong!
Jeff Lebowski.  Come on.  This other Jeffrey Lebowski.  The millionaire. He's gonna be easier to find anyway than these two, uh. these two  . . . And he has the wealth, uh, the resources obviously, and there is no reason, no FUCKING reason, why his wife should go out and owe money and they pee on your rug.  Am I wrong?
What the fuck are you--
What the fuck are you talking about?! This Chinaman is not the issue!  I'm talking about drawing a line in the sand, Dude.  Across this line you do not, uh--and also, Dude, Chinaman is not the preferred, uh. . . Asian- American.  Please.
Forget it, Donny.  You're out of your element.
Huh?  No!  What the fuck are you talking--I'm not--we're talking about unchecked aggression here--
There's no fucking reason--here's my point, Dude--there's no fucking reason--
This was a valued, uh.
This was, uh--
Shit, sorry man.
Oh, shit.
This guy fucking walks.  I've never been more certain of anything in my life!
Let me tell you something else. I've seen a lot of spinals, Dude, and this guy is a fake.  A fucking goldbricker.
Look at that fucking phony, Dude! Pretending to be a fucking millionaire!
I'll tell you who I am!  I'm the guy who's gonna KICK YOUR PHONY GOLDBRICKING ASS!
This is a league game, Smokey!
YOU THINK I'M FUCKING AROUND HERE? MARK IT ZERO!!
A world of pain.
Am I wrong!?
This is not Nam.  This is bowling. There are rules.
Excuse me!  Mark it zero.  Next frame.
Over the line, Smokey!  I'm sorry. That's a foul.
Smokey Huh?
