I'll tell ya though, it's comin' up to the time when Marietta and me might just set up house together and settle down... I think that time's comin' up right soon. But like you said, everythin's relative.
Not for lack of love, I can tell ya that.
No sir...
Sounds right... I'll check it out.
Actually, I'm lookin' for Marietta's daughter, Lula. Her and 'er beau took off the other day. Marietta's real upset about it.
Set one up.
No... She's fine. Back home.
Real good, Chet... It's been awhile.
Call me Johnnie... N.O. has always been a good town to sit around in.
So, it's back to the islands.
I thought you two were in Austin, Texas. Or Takes-us, as they say in these parts.
Whattaya do there?
Alright... By all means. Make yourselves at home.
Oh God... OH GOD... Santos... Oh God Marietta... are you in on this?... OH GOD!!!
Gotta admit, you guys are -  two in four dozen.
How's that?
Hasta siempre.
This island of yours sounds like a kind of unpredictable place.
Why not? How was the fishin'?
I couldn't say, which one?
Why are you in New Orleans? If you don't mind my askin'.
General Osvaldo Tamarindo y Ramirez. Telefono 666.
In what capacity?
Only that it's supposed to be a pretty poor sight since the hurricane came through last year.
Johnnie, please. Nope. Charlotte, North Carolina. Here on business.
See ya downstairs.
And to think what coulda happened in that king-sized bed tonight...
Did I tell ya it's great to see ya again?
All I have to do is grab my suitcase, and I'm ready. You're lucky cause I happen to love night drivin'.
Yeah... The one that introduced Santos to you and Clyde.
That bastard Pucinski...
Honey, I have to ask you this... Is Santos involved in any of this?
Somethin' was upsettin' you bad last night, and you wanted to tell me and I figured you wanted to tell me so's I could help...
Just some guys I met here... I keep seein' 'em...  Now tell me...
Who was that?... Who know's your here?
I'll meet you, Marietta, if that's what you want, but I'm against it.
Marietta, I was just gonna leave and see if I could pick up their trail.
What?
How'd she sound? Was she doin' okay?
Did she tell you where she was callin' from?
I got some news, Marietta. Lula and Sailor been here. They checked out of the Hotel Brazil on Frechman Street yesterday.
I will, Marietta. Goodbye now.
Really, Marietta, you got more scenarios swimmin' around in your brain than Carter got pills. Try to take it easy. Go over to Myrtle Beach for a few days.
No, Marietta, I haven't found 'em.
Marietta, settle down now darlin'... I want what's best for her, too - like I said, I'll do what I can to bring her home.
Sailor ain't a murderer. You got to get off that kick. And far's I can tell, Sailor was entire clean prior to that involvin' Lula. Even there he was protectin' her. You oughta be thankin' him for that. That Bob Ray Lemon they say was comin' after the both of 'em. Why am I tellin' you this, you was around that night. You ought to know just exactly what happened. Sailor just got a little too forceful is all... You remember that night...
Sorry, sweetheart. Bein' in love with you like I am brings out that ugly jealous side.
Darlin', you ain't seein' Santos again, are ya?
Now, Marietta, I am goin' to help you. And don't be gettin' carried away. You don't want to be bringin' Santos and his people into it.
He served his time for what he did. Another thing... If Lula went with him of her own volition - willingly, that is - there ain't much can be done about it.
