Real soon... I'll be makin' the swap tomorrow, and thanks again, Beany.
Can't all husbands be perfect, and your Elmo prob'ly wouldn'ta ever got that second one pregnant, you hadn't kicked his ass out.
Meetin' him at the gate. That phone call this afternoon was the signal. My deranged mama's hid the keys to my car. But of course, I know exactly where they are.
Seein's how you're about as thick as a used string of unwaxed dental floss, don't know how you can criticize.
Why? He's right in the groove.
Fuck me.
No way... GET OUT!!!
Get out.
You used the toilet, now you can go - what I do around here ain't any of your business, that's for sure.
Well... Yeah - okay.
No, he's out changin' the oil in the car.
Twenty.
What's Cao Ben?
Pace, your daddy'd love you even if you didn't have no hair at all.
Why, honey?
Thinkin' a second, baby.
Wrong, baby. Your daddy never committed no murder. Musta been you didn't hear grandmama proper. He made some mistakes, is all. Your daddy ain't always been so lucky... We're almost at the depot, honey. Sit back a minute.
And?
Course he ain't never killed nobody. Why'd you say that, Pace?
Like you, sweetheart. You and your daddy got the same mouth, eyes, ears, and nose. Only difference is your color hair is like mine.
Why, Pace Roscoe Ripley, ain't you got one cute mouth tonight?
Nothin', honey.  Mama's just actin' strange.
Damn it, child! Now look what you made me do.
Don't give me no trouble now, Pace, please. This ain't the easiest day in a long time. And what do you mean how are we gonna know what your daddy looks like? You seen his photo.
SAILOR!!!!
How can you say that, Sailor?
What're you talkin' about? That's your son in there.
Really, Sail, I'll be okay.
I'm sorry, Sailor. I just can't help it. Give me a minute and I'll quit.
You hungry? Pace and I ain't had dinner yet.
Shake hands with your daddy.
That man's a black angel, Sailor. You hook up with him, you'll regret it. If you live to.
Was a massacre. Soldiers there murdered old folks, women and babies, and dumped 'em in a trench. Bobby Peru prob'ly killed the most.
Buddy told me about that thing at Cao Ben?
He's the kind liked it.
That was a accident. I bet both our asses Bobby Peru done murdered all kinds of people, and meant it, too.
He's a stone fuckin' criminal, honey, and you ain't.
Who says I'm smart? You up to somethin' with Bobby Peru, Sailor?
Rather be in El Paso than Big Tuna.
I mean tomorrow.
Let's leave here.
Sail?
So where'd you say you was?
Some... Sparky said Red's promised to have him and Buddy out of here by the weekend.
Yeah... He was lookin' for you.
Buddy and Sparky come by earlier.
Can't tell yet. Where'd you go?
You been drinkin', huh?
I know. Just I'm sorta uncomfortable about the way some things is goin', and this don't help soothe me.
Really, Sailor, it ain't nothin' against you. I love you.
Well, nothin' personal, but I ain't sure it's okay by me.
Not that. Look at what I wrote down cause I can't say it.
Sailor? You know what?
No, I don't think so, Sail. I just need to lie down.
Darlin', I still ain't feelin' so well. I'm goin' to bed.
Come sit by me.
A little, I think... Darlin'?
I barfed. Tried to make it to the bathroom... Turned out it was the wrong door anyways... I sorta got it cleaned up.
You find any work?
That you, Sail, honey?
I'm gonna stay here in this room, Sailor. I don't feel so good? This heat makes me tired.
This ain't exactly my most thrillin' notion of startin' a new life.
Sailor?
Now what?
And no AC.
No radio or TV...
Not quite as bad as the weather though... It must be a hundred and ten and it ain't even noon yet.
She died right in front of me. Why'd she have to go and do that, Sailor?
I can't take this, Sailor. She's dyin' right in front of our eyes...
You think she's gonna make it?
Sailor, what are we gonna do?
SAILOR!!!
Oh God, Sailor.
What's that?
I do trust you, Sailor. Like I ain't never trusted nobody before.
If you say so.
Well, we're really out in the middle of it now, ain't we?
I take that as a sign that we were destined by fate to be together.
My mama...  So Sailor, our histories have been somewhat intertwined.
...They was laughin' arm in arm like animals.
That night in the fire while my daddy was dyin'... I saw mama up in her room with Santos...
No, Sailor darlin'. Just shockin' sometimes when things aren't the way you thought they were... I been carryin' a secret too...
Yeah, I'm here.
How'd you know my daddy?
That's some big secret you been carryin', Sailor.
God, Sailor... That's the night my daddy died.
Oh shit...
You knew my daddy?
You're scarin' me, baby.
I just figured you was out bein' Mr. Cool...
Sure is a big deal round here... Alamo Road, Alamo Street, Alamo Square, Alamo Buildin', Alamo Alamo. They ain't forgettin' about it in a hurry. That's the thing 'bout memory? Some things you wish you could forget... What's troublin' you, sugar?
The world's gettin' worse, I think, Sailor. And it don't sound like there's much we can do about it, neither.
I can't take no more of this radio...  I ain't never heard so much concentrated weirdness in my life, Sailor Ripley, you find me some dancin' music right this minute... I MEAN IT!!
You want me to drive for a stretch? Give you a chance to rest.
You want to stick around here, Sailor? See if we can get some work?
How much we got left, honey?
Leave me be for a minute? Mama gets all insane and then I see you practicin' your individuality and personal freedom with some oil-town tramp. How you figure I'm gonna feel?
It's me who's wastin' time, Sailor, bein' with you.
Pardon me? Y'all got a phone here I can use?
I want to call her and tell her I'm okay. That we're okay.
Mama. I been thinkin' about her. She's prob'ly worried to death by now.
You think she's pretty?
Well, she ain't talked to nobody and ain't nobody spoke to her that I could tell. What you make of that?
You notice that woman when we come in? The white woman sittin' by herself?
I'll be damned if I'm leavin'. That band is too good?
We'll find out in a hurry.
Maybe there's a place we could hear some music. I feel like dancin'. We could ask someone.
I wouldn't mind a little night life. How about you?
Do me a favor, Sailor? Don't pick up no more hitchers, okay?
I know you're thinkin' that I got more'n some of my mama in me? Well, I couldn't help it. Sailor, I really couldn't. I'm sorry for that guy, but when he pulled that drippin' hunk of awful-smellin' meat out of his pocket? I near barfed. And them poor diseased puppies!
Sure you wanna do this? Might be a way they could track us.
He was sittin' there havin' a beignet at the Cafe Du Monde. Do you think he saw us?
You think he saw us?
Never mind where... Get outta here... I mean it, Sailor.
Oh my God... It's Johnnie... Duck down!... Get goin'!
Who do?
Let's get outta here... I suddenly got a funny feelin' about this place. Feelin' all that voodoo...
Sometimes dreams just don't mean nothin'... Stuff comes into your mind and you don't have no control over, you know? Anyways, dreams ain't no odder than real life. Sometimes not by half.
Oh, baby, what an idea. I'd always be happy to see you, no matter what.
Boy, sweetie, this is weird, okay.
What was this one?
You think so, baby? Does my talkin' bother you, honey?
Talkin's good. Long as you got the other? I'm a big believer in talkin', case you ain't noticed.
I really do think it's the best night of my life.
I was hopin' you would. I know that night by heart. Sometimes, honey? I think it's the best night of my life.
Recall the time we was sittin' one night behind the Confederate soldier? Leanin' against it. And you took your hand and put it on your heart and you said, 'You feel it beatin' in there, Lula?... Get used to it, 'cause it belongs to you now.' D'you recall that?
You certain?
Anythin' interestin' in the world come out of somebody's weird thoughts, Sailor. You tell me Sailor, who could come up with shit like we're seein' these days?
Shhhhh... It's four o'clock... That woman's laugh the other day had somethin' to do with this feelin'?... Like bein' ripped apart by a gorilla, maybe... Grabbed sudden and pulled apart real quick by a real powerful one.
Ever imagine what it'd be like to get eaten alive by a wild beast? Sometimes I think it would be the biggest thrill?
One person thinks he's doin' somethin' good and ever'body else gets upset about it.
It's just another case, Sailor.
I love it when your eyes get wild, honey. They light up all blue almost and little white parachutes pop out of 'em. Oh, Sailor you're so aware of what goes on with me? I mean, you pay attention. And I swear, you got the sweetest cock. Sometimes it's like it's talkin' to me when you're inside? Like it's got a voice all it's own. You get right on me.
We sure don't, honey...  Get me a Mounds?
Honey, we're goin' to bed now and it's time to change the subject.
Sailor Ripley! You stop! You're makin' this shit up and I ain't gonna sit for it!
Sailor? You expect me to believe a man'd be goin' around with a arm sewed to his nose?
I got one on me at Lake Lanier. Lifeguard poured salt on it and it dropped off. Felt awful. He was a cute boy, though, so it was almost worth it.
Yeah, it's a real problem for me, Sailor, you know? When I went in that drugstore by the restaurant in Biloxi? I saw 'em by the register and the girl throw 'em in. I'm not big on resistin'. So what about a leech?
Say what? Honestly, sugar, you can talk more shit sometimes?
M-i-ss-i-ss-i-pp-i... You can almost hear that jazz blowin' up from the big N.O.
It's huge. This musta been a grand old place at one time.
What's that, honey?
I H-A-T-E hotel bedspreads. They don't hardly never get washed, and I don't like the idea of lyin' on other people's dirt.
How about that one? The Host of the Old South Hotel.
Got anyplace special in mind?
That's disgustin'. Those kinda sentiments shouldn't be allowed out in public. Is this Biloxi yet?
What kinda trash talk is that?
Thank the Lord. Well, you ain't let me down yet, Sailor. That's more'n I can say for the rest of the world?
Manslaughterer, honey, not murderer. Don't exaggerate.
Yeah, I guess, but - and here's the lesson part - they ain't supposed to be so bad for you.
It ain't. It's part of the lessons of life. I picked me up a pack of Vantages before we left the Cape?
We got through two states already.
What'll it be like in California, Sailor, do you think? I hear it don't rain much there.
I suppose so. She knew I was bound to see you soon as you was sprung, but I don't figure she counted on us takin' off together like this... I guess this means you're breakin' parole, then?
I'll drop mama a postcard from somewhere. I mean, I don't want her to worry no more'n necessary.
Poor baby. She don't know what she missed. What color hair she have?
You're excitin' me, honey. What'd she do?
You mean like pedal pushers?
Oh, baby. What a bad boy you are!
What'd you say to her?
Sorry, baby... When's the first time you done it with a girl who wasn't hookin'?
You still got plenty energy for me, baby.
...That's an awful long way to go, just to get some pussy.
I'd got to the far end of the world for you, baby... You know I would.
Sailor!
Maybe my mama cares for me just a little too much...
We gotta be careful, honey, my mama's gonna have Johnnie Farragut on us like a duck on a june bug, and he's one clever detective? You know how clever? He once told me that he could find an honest man in Washington. My toenails gotta dry first anyways, Sailor.
Yeah, I suppose. But you know somethin' baby, hair does make a difference.
He's twenty-four now? A year older than you? And must be 'bout bald.
When he was about seventeen, he startin' losin' his hair.
Too bad we all can't, baby... One thing about Dell?
The private eye cost Aunt Rootie over a thousand dollars? Then a little while later Dell ran off a third time to some place he said would "give him peace of mind." Nobody's seen him since.
It ain't so funny now, though. December before Christmas? Dell disappeared again and Aunt Rootie hired a private eye to find him. He was missin' for almost a month before he wandered back in the house on mornin' dressed in some filthy Santa Claus suit.
...are followin' him around.
One time - real late - like about two thirty a.m.? She found Dell up in the black of night all dressed and makin' sandwiches in the kitchen.
One time, Aunt Rootie caught Dell puttin' one big cockroach on his anus?
Well, like mama told me, Aunt Rootie, Dell's mama? She found cockroaches in Dell's underwear.
Dell disappeared. Dell was learnin' a hard lesson. What I learned from observin' Dell is I think people who are frightened want to disappear. He'd startin' behavin' weird? Like comin' up to people every fifteen minutes and askin' how they were doin'?
Oh, nothin'. I never let on to mama about Dell bein' the one. I just flat refused to tell her who the daddy was? I didn't tell Dell, neither. He was back home in Chattanooga by then, anyhow, and I didn't see the point. Somethin' terrible happened to him, though. Six months ago.
It was my cousin, Dell, done it? His folks used to visit with us summers.
...I hope you appreciate my spendin' six hundred dollars, not countin' what it cost us to get here and back... This man's the best damn abortionist in the South.
She got me an abortion...
I just think about things as they come up. I never been much of a planner.
Oh, you know exactly what I mean, honey? It'd make the future so simple and nice.
Wouldn't it be fabulous if we somehow stayed in love for the rest of our lives?
Sailor?
That don't seem fair.
Don't the reject guys get anythin'?
I'm sorry, sweetie. I forget some moments where all you been the last two years.
What's that honey?
What you have to get personal about so quick? All I mean is you could possibly read a book.
What you want to watch this trash for? Ain't one of those people have a real thought in their brain.
Hell, you just rubbed up against the wrong girl is all.
I'm always ready to dance. But I need me a kiss first, honey. Just one?
That woman's laugh creeps me out. I heard somethin' like that... somewhere before... Sound'd like the wicked witch...
Sailor, that ozone layer is disappearin'. Seems to me the government could do somethin' about it. One of these mornings the sun'll come up and burn a hole clean through the planet like an X-Ray.
Uncle Pooch died in a car crash three years later while he was holidayin' in Myrtle Beach. They still got way too much traffic there for my taste... And another thing, baby... That government of ours should be keepin' us separated from outer space...
One hundred twenty decibels - head on collision of a '54 Ford Pick-Up and a '64 Chevy Station Wagon. No survivors. Balls of flame and grinding metal.
Just you. Uncle Pooch never acted strange or different after. And he never did anything else to me. I always got a nice present from him at Christmas, like a coat or jewelry?
Well, sure. But he was super-gentle, you know? I mean, he raped me and all, but I guess there's all different kinds of rapes. I didn't exactly want him to do it but I suppose once it started, it didn't seem all that terrible. It was over pretty quick, and after Uncle Pooch just stood there and pulled up his trousers and left me there. I stayed in bed till I heard him drive off. Then I just went back into the kitchen and finished makin' my sandwich.
He was short but powerful. With hairy arms? Anyway, he carried me into the maid's dayroom which nobody used. We did it there on an old bed.
No, he picked me up.
Uncle Pooch came in the side door through the porch, you know? Where I was makin' a jelly and banana sandwich? I remember I had my hair in curlers cause I was goin' that night with Vicki and Cherry Ann, the DeSoto sisters. Uncle Pooch must have known nobody but me was home, cause he came right in and put both his hands on my butt and sorta shoved me up against the counter.
Well, mama was at the Busy Bee havin' her hair dyed? And I was alone in the house.
I said you can be too crude sometimes? I don't think I care for it.
You're terrible crude sometimes, Sailor, you know?
That's true. Uncle Pooch wasn't really an uncle. He was a business partner of my daddy's? And my mama never knew nothin' about me and him - that's for damn sure. His real name was somethin' kind of European, like Pucinski. But everyone just called him Pooch. He came around the house sometimes when Daddy was away. I always figured he was sweet on mama, so when he cornered me one afternoon, I was surprised more'n a little.
Sailor, you are somethin' else, honey... When I was fifteen, Mama told me that pretty soon I'd be startin' to think about sex, and I should talk to her before I did anything about it.
Grandmama Pace had a long, smooth white neck. It was like on a statue it was so white?
Started he couldn't remember things? Got real violent? Mama kept tellin' me it was on account of lead poisoning from cleanin' the old paint off our house without usin' a mask... But I don't know. Seems like his brain just fell apart in pieces.
You remind me of my daddy, you know? Mama told me he liked skinny women whose breasts were just a bit too big for their bodies. He had a long nose, too, like theirs. Did I ever tell you how he died?
I'd stand by you, Sailor... through anything.
Gee, Sailor. I'm sorry, honey. I never would have guessed it.
What brand'd she smoke?
Well, I was thinkin' about smokin' actually... My mama smokes Marlboros now, used to be she smoked Kools? I stole 'em from her beginnin' in about sixth grade. When I got old enough to buy my own, I bought those. Now I've just about settled on Mores, as you probably noticed? They're longer.
Did you ever think somethin' like about the wicked witch of the east comin' flyin' in?... Did you ever think somethin' and then later think you've said it out loud to someone?
'Bout fifty thousand times. I got us a room at the Cape Fear, and guess what?... I hear Powermad's at "The Hurricane."
Hey baby...
HOLY SHIT!! IT'S THE NIGHT OF THE LIVIN' FUCKIN' DEAD!!!!
Damn!
I'll bet.
Mama... if you get in the way of me and Sailor's happiness, I'll fuckin' pull your arms out by the roots.
Wouldn't make any difference.
Really, mama, I gotta go.
Sailor ain't a boy no more, mama.
Figure we'll go have supper someplace. Maybe get some barbecue out by Stateline. Sailor always liked that Havana Brown's Pig Pickin'.
Six.
Course I am, mama.
I'm goin', mama. No way I can't go.
Mama, Sailor's in deep trouble here. I just can't leave him.
Don't be crazy, mama. Take care of yourself.
I am all right, mama. That's why I called, to let you know. I gotta go.
I ain't that dumb, mama. Sailor and I been on a crime spree? Knockin' off convenience stores all across the south? Ain't you read about it?
Mama, I'm hangin' up this phone now.
No, mama, I'm in Mexico, and we're about to get on an airplane to Argentina!
Right?! Mama, was it right for you to sic Johnnie Farragut on us? How could you do that?
Just a place.
Need me for what, mama? I'm perfectly fine, and safe, too.
If you mean Sailor, mama, yes I am.
I'm fine, mama. I just wanted to tell you not to worry.
Like hell.
Mama???
