What is it?
Why should it?
What's she doin' here?
...But DAMN man... This better go smooth.
Yeah... yeah... I guess so... That kind'a money'd get us a long way down that yellow brick road...
I don't particularly care for that kind of talk, Bobby.
Forty bucks...
Have now.
I ain't fuckin' sure, Bobby.
She really say she was pregnant?
When did you talk to Lula?
Lula tell you she's pregnant?
Whattaya mean family?
No... I don't think so, man.
What's that?
Why not?
Wouldn'ta guessed it, that's sure.
They look like a bunch of good ol' boys to me. I guess it's oil money, huh?
No.
No.
Thought you said this was a private club. How come I'm allowed in without bein' a member?
New Orleans, huh?... We was just there.
Restin' in our room. She ain't been feelin' well.
This your car?
No, haven't heard of it.
That'd be fine, Bobby.
Thanks, Bobby, 'bout done.
You was in the Marines, huh?
Thanks.
You say it's straight ahead a mile?
What's the name of it?
Got enough, thanks. We're lookin' for a place has some music, where we can maybe do some dancin' - get somethin' to eat, too. Anything like that around here?
What happened on the charges?
If your neighbors didn't mind, how'd you get put out of business?
Don't know that I have... Should I know about you for anythin' in particular?
But I'm wild at heart.
But I'm a robber and a manslaughterer and I haven't had any parental guidance.
The Good Witch...
I'm sorry to do this to ya here in front of a crowd, but I want ya to stand up and make a nice apology to my girl.
Come here.
This is a snakeskin jacket, and for me it's a symbol of my individuality and my belief in personal freedom.
Are you going to provide me with an opportunity to prove my love to my girl? Or are you gonna save yourself some trouble and step up like a gentleman and apologize to her?
LULA!!!!
What makes sense, is all.
He ain't never known me, Lula, so there ain't much for him to forget. Not seein' each other for six years makes it next best to simple for us, too.
It's a mistake, honey. You two go on. I'll walk back to the depot.
Boys frightened, Lula. This ain't no good.
Lead the way.
You must be my son.
Thanks, darlin', I know you got my best interest in mind, and I 'preciate it sincerely. I love you, but I gotta sleep now.
Lula, he mighta did, I don't know. But it don't matter now. Lotta guys go outta control in a war and it ain't their fault.
What?
Lula, I got to get some sleep.
That was in Vietnam.
I killed Bob Ray Lemon, didn't I?
What could I be up to, Lula?
We got about forty bucks, sweetheart. That'd get us to El Paso.
We're goin' to, Lula, real soon.
Uh-huh?
Went with Bobby.
Oughta make 'em happy.
You talk to 'im some?...
And Bobby too, I hear...
That smell's still fillin' this room good.
Few beers is all. Feelin' any better?
I know this ain't easy, Lula, but I ain't gonna let things get no worse, I promise.
Love you, too.
It's okay by me, peanut.
I know you ain't particularly pleased bein' here.
Anything I can do for you?
I'll come along.
Yeah?
You sick?
Maybe. Met a guy named Red, owns a garage, could have some work in about a week. Met a few hard luck boys who's stayin' here. What's that smell?
The only one.
Okay, honey, I'll see you later.
Yeah?
Let's get a sandwich and find out about some work.
Fan works.
Not bad for eleven dollars a day.
Well, it ain't exactly Emerald City...
Let's get outta here, honey.
I'm afraid she is, baby.
Don't know, but she's gonna bleed all over our car, I'll tell ya that...  Hey... Hello... Girl... You gotta come with us, honey.
Let's get ahold a' her quick.
I don't know, honey, but we gotta help that girl - get her to a town and hope no one catches on I broke parole.
One bad car accident...
I don't know... Looks like clothes.
We'll be alright, peanut, long as we've got room to move.
Trust me on it.
There's worse places, honey.
It's a comfortin' idea.
They have, sugar.
I didn't want to say it... but I had a feelin' Santos was up to somethin' with your mama...
You upset with me?
Lula, you there?
Met him through Santos... Clyde - your daddy - had some sorta business deal with Santos.
We all got a secret side, baby. Hope you don't think I been lyin' to you 'bout other things, sugar.
I know, sugar... But while the place was burnin'... Before Santos came out - I pitched some rocks at the second floor windows case anyone was upstairs sleepin'... Afterwards... When I met you, I always liked to think I mighta saved your life.
I quit workin' for 'im, but just before I did, I ended up one night at a house... I don't know what it is they all think I saw that night, but I was just sittin' out in the car till the whole place went up in flames.
Yes I did... I sure did... The bad side of it is I did some drivin' for a man named Marcello Santos...
Well, there's a good side as well as a bad side to it... The good side is I knew your daddy, and I thought Clyde was a good ol' guy...
Not exactly, sugar... One reason we're in all the trouble we're in right now is cause of what I was doin'... I tried to tell you this before...
You know, Lula, I never told you what all I was doin' before I met you.
This ain't news, sweetheart. I hate to tell ya.
What's that, peanut?
That'd be good, Lula.
Not in Houston. We'd be better off in some place more out of the way.
Under a hundred.
Told you not to call your mama.
Honey, I'm sorry. It wasn't nothin'. Come on and get up and we'll take off.
I was just wastin' time, peanut, till you come back.
I ain't so sure it's a great idea, but that's up to you. Just don't tell her where we are.
More'n likely.
What's wrong, sweetheart? Somethin' botherin' you?
Honey, we bein' strangers here and all, this is the kinda place we don't want to make nothin' of nothin'.
Yeah.
Uh huh.
You ready for this?
Hard to tell what's shakin' in a place like this, honey. You don't want to be walkin' in the wrong door.
Just part of life on the road, peanut.
You don't feel you was a little hard on the guy, honey?
He's just a regular guy't needs help, honey. Look at him.
Lula, darlin'... Makes no difference anyway... We're outta here.
Who knows, baby?
I'm goin'.
Where?
You do.
Gotta hex from a voodoo?
Well, I ain't upset about it, darlin'. Just give me an odd feelin' there a minute, is all.
I know, peanut. But it wasn't all like you were so unhappy I was there, just you were upset. My bein' there was upsettin' to you. You had some kids there, little kids, and I guess you'd got married and your husband was comin' home any minute.
I know. I kept walkin', I headed for your house, only it wasn't your house, really. You let me in only you weren't real pleased to see me. You kept askin', 'Why'd you come to see me now? Why now?' Like it'd been a long time since we'd seen each other.
The water was rollin' off me. And I was dirty, too, like I hadn't had no bath in a long time, so the sweat was black almost.
It wasn't no fun, Lula. The wind was blowin' super-hard and I wasn't dressed warm. Only instead of freezin', I was sweatin' strong.
No, I like gettin' up around four a.m. and talkin' bout wild animals... Though you woke me up this time in the middle of a dream. I kinda wish I didn't remember it. Up at Pee Dee, I couldn't remember any of my dreams.
Too bad they don't give an award for talkin'... You'd win first prize. Especially with those tits.
We didn't do nothin' special I can remember. Just talked, is all.
I do.
I ain't never met anyone come close to you, sugar.
You got me, peanut.
Lula, sometimes I gotta admit, you come up with some weird thoughts...
My God,  it better be, darlin', cause it'd be the last... What time is it?
Huh?
What's that, peanut?
What lesson do get outta that story, Lula?
You really are dangerously cute, honey. I gotta admit it.
We're about dry bones, sweetheart. We don't wanna have to push this "bird" into New Orleans.
Honest, Lula. I prob'ly ain't precisely got all the facts straight, but it's about what they said.
How they used to do it. Course they got more sophisticated ways now. Radio said the Chinese, I think it is, figured a better idea is by insertin' a balloon in the forehead and lettin' it hang down on the nose.
Yeah, well listen to this... Radio said back in the 1920s a I-talian doctor figured out that if, say, a fella got his nose cut off or bit off in, say, a barfight or somethin', they'd sew one of his forearms to his nose for a few weeks... Then put leeches on it.
Heard on the radio how doctors is usin' leeches again, just in old times. You know, when even barbers used 'em?
Got you a pack of Mores again, huh?
Lula... I learned somethin' interestin' today on a science show I heard on the radio... How leeches is comin' back into style.
Let's get fed, sweetheart. The light's fadin' fast.
There ain't no water in the swimmin' pool. Just a dead tree fell in, prob'ly from bein' struck by lightnin'.
Come look at this.
Looks more like the Ghost of the Old South, but we'll try her.
We oughta stay somewhere outta the way. Not in no Holidays or Ramadas or Motel Six. If Johnnie Farragut's on our trail he'll check those first.
Almost. I figure we should find us a place to stay and then go eat.
What it says on the bumper sticker up front. On that pickup.
Life is a bitch and then you marry one.
Okay, manslaughterer who's broke his parole and got in mind nothin' but immoral purposes far's you're concerned.
You ain't gonna begin worryin' about what's bad for you at this hour, are you, sugar? I mean, here you are crossin' state lines with a A-Number One certified murderer.
They sure do stink.
That don't smell like a More.
You got about six more big states to go before we find out.
You guess? My parole was broke two hundred miles back when we burnt Portagee County.
What do you mean by necessary? She's prob'ly already called the cops, my parole officer, her p.i. boyfriend Johnnie Farragut.
Sorta brown, blonde, I guess. But dig this, sweetie. Then she turns over, peels off them orange pants, and spreads her legs real wide and says to me...
Her face was half-pushed into the pillow, and she looked back over her shoulder at me and said, 'I won't suck you. Don't ask me to suck you.'
She just rolled over onto her stomach and stuck her ass up in the air. I slid my hand between her legs and she closed her thighs on it.
I guess.
That's just what she said. I had a boner with a capital "O." I went to kiss her but she broke off laughin' and ran down the hallway. I found her lyin' on a bed in a room filled with assault weapons and Penthouse magazines. She was a wild chick. She was wearin' bright orange pants with kind of Spanish lookin' lacy black stripes down the sides. You know, them kind that doesn't go all the way down your leg?
When she got almost to the top step I stuck my hand between her legs from behind.
Told her my name. Then she said somethin' like, 'It's so noisy down here. Why don't we go upstairs so we can hear ourselves?' She turned around and led the way. I knew I had an important lesson to learn that day.
She looked right at me and run her tongue over her lips and put her hand on my arm - told me her name was Irma.
Maybe two, three months after Juarez. I was visitin' my cousin, Junior Train, in Savannah, and we were at some kid's house whose parents were out of town. A girl comes up to me that was real tall, taller than me.
Yeah, I had my first taste on that trip to Juarez. At that age you still got a lot of energy.
Those toenails dry yet? We got some dancin' to do.
You up for that?
Yeah, maybe...
One thing puzzles my mind, sugar... You're twenty years old - aren't you ever curious why your mama has this fixation on keepin' us apart? Puttin' a detective on us. I'll tell ya Lula... Well... It's more'n me killin' Bob Ray Lemon...
Let's go dancin', peanut. I'm ready.
There's worse things that can happen to a man, honey.
So?
What's that?
Sound like ol' Dell's more'n just a little confused, peanut... Too bad he couldn't visit that ol' Wizard of Oz and get some good advice.
Prob'ly the rain boys from Outer Space.
Hell, peanut...
Actin' funny how?
What's that, peanut?
What happened to him?
You tell the boy who knocked you up?
Musta been a lesson tellin' ya it was the wrong time... What did you do, your mama find out?
It ain't altogether terrible just to let things go along sometimes. Lula, I done a few things in my life I ain't too proud of, but I'll tell ya from now on I ain't gonna do nothin' for no good reason. All I know for sure is there's more'n a few bad ideas runnin' around loose out there.
At Pee Dee, all you think about is the future, you know? Gettin' out? And what you'll do and what you'll think about when you're on the outside again.
You think of the weirdest damn things to say sometimes, peanut. Ain't we been doin' a pretty fair job this far?
Yeah?
Hell, why should the Datin' Game be different from real life? At least them boys is gonna get somethin' to eat.
Gift certificates to Kentucky Fried Chicken.
Twenty-three months, eighteen days is all. Don't need to make more'n it was.  This couple's goin' on a date to Hawaii. The girl chose him over the other two guys.
We didn't have no TV up at Pee Dee, baby, you know?
That so?  You want to tell me what, if any, real thoughts you had lately?
That's good... Now go get yourself a beer.  You fellas have alotta the same power Elvis had... Y'all know this one?
Just sounded like an old gal havin' a good time to me... You ready to dance?
You okay, honey?
Here she goes again...
And you never told nobody about it?
'We' did it? Whattaya mean? Didn't he force you?
So how'd he finally nail you? Right there in the kitchen?
Didn't he say somethin'?
Sorry, sugar. Go on and tell me how old Pooch done the deed.
I can't hardly understand you when you talk with one of them Mores in your mouth.
How'd it happen, peanut? He just pull out the old toad and let it croak?
But honey, I thought you told me your Uncle Pooch raped you when you was thirteen.
You have such a pretty, long neck, like a swan.
In a fire, as I recall.
You're perfect for me, too.
Hell, peanut, you stuck with me after I planted Bob Ray Lemon. A man can't ask for more than that.
It's okay. I hardly used to see them anyway. I didn't have much parental guiding. The public defender kept sayin' that at my parole hearin'. He was a good ol' boy, stood by me... Even brought me some cartons of cigarettes from time to time.
Camels, same as me... Guess both my mama and my daddy died of smoke or alcohol related illness.
I guess I started smokin' when I was about six... My mama was already dead from lung cancer...
I really did miss your mind while I was out at Pee Dee, honey. The rest of you, too, of course. But the way your head works is God's own private mystery. What was it you was thinkin'?
Stab it and steer.
Hey, my snakeskin jacket... Thanks, baby... Did I ever tell you that this here jacket for me is a symbol of my individuality and my belief in personal freedom?
Peanut...
It's a prob'lm I don't think's gonna go away too soon though... Peanut, I'm thinkin' of breakin' parole and takin' you out to sunny California.
You're gonna have to kill me to keep me away from Lula.
So?
Whattya mean?
No.
What?...
...Sailor Ripley... Can I talk to Lula?
Thanks...
Well?...
Is there a contract?... We made a deal once that we'd tip each other off if we ever heard.
I didn't see nothin'...
Life is unpredictable.
You heard right.
I think Santos or Marietta Fortune.
Hopin' you could tell me if there's a contract out on me. I really need to know.
Just passin' through on my way to who knows where...
