And when V'ger melds? What will happen to you?
It expects a return signal now, ordering it to transmit that information to the Creator.
V'ger is announcing that it has arrived, sir -- that it's ready to deliver the information it was programmed to collect...
To join, and become One with the Creator?
A machine...! Then it had to be programmed. By <U>whom</U>...?
You said V'ger's purpose was to find and join with the Creator.
Does V'ger object to the presence of the two carbon units?
Within you are memory patterns of a carbon unit. If I can help you revive these patterns; you could understand our functions better.
What does that mean?
Enterprise would be unable to function <U>without</U> carbon units.
What is Enterprise's proper evolvement?
Yes.
The crews of the previous Enterprises were also carbon units. In what way is the life form in your vessel different?
And plug the signal directly into the circuitry at this...  ... point here, Captain. It should pick up even a tricorder playback.
The fault is here, sir, not in the transmission.  The antenna leads have been disconnected. V'ger never intended to accept a transmitted signal.
Captain... I'd like to go along...
Captain, we can't be sure that our... move... will actually save Earth.
I'm afraid our hand is pretty weak, Captain.  But it's the only game in town.
Captain, what's the next move?
Why bring us inside? Not to destroy us; they could have done that outside.
The ship is under attack...! Man all defensive stations...!
It's taken control of the computer...!
You asked my opinion, sir.
That's precisely the point, Captain. We don't know it will do. Moving into the cloud -- at this time, is an unwarranted gamble.
I advise caution, Captain; we can't withstand another attack.
Captain, we've seen what their weapons can do. Shouldn't we take every possible precaution -- ?
Recommend defensive posture, Captain: Screens and shields.
Of course not. I'm aware of Mister Spock's qualifications.
Yes, sir, I'll do that.
Sir, you haven't logged a single star hour in two and a half years. That, plus your unfamiliarity with the ship's design -- in my opinion, sir, seriously jeopardizes our mission.
Permission to speak freely, sir?
I'm aware of that, sir.
Thank you, sir. I'm sorry I embar- rassed you.
Sir, the Enterprise redesign increases phaser power by channeling it through the main engines. When they went into anti-matter imbalance, the phasers were automatically cut off.
... but I still recommend further simulation study.
Program set for standard Warp entry, Captain...
None available, Captain. There's no one in fact, who's fully rated on this design.
No, Admiral. I don't think you are; not one damned bit. I remember when you recommended me for this command. You told me how envious you were, and if only you could find a way to get a starship command again. Well, sir, it looks like you found a way.
Admiral, this is an almost totally new enterprise. You don't know her a tenth as well as I do.
May I ask Why?
-- You, personally, are assuming command?
You are what...?
You got the Enterprise, it's what <U>you</U> wanted. This is what I want.  But, Jim...  ... <U>I'm</U> the right choice for this mission.
We have twenty-one minutes. Captain,    we can still save V'ger... and ourselves.
Mr. Spock, what would V'ger need to fulfill itself?
Forward motion, Captain...!
It seems we <U>all</U> imagine God in our own image.
That probe in there -- in a different form now -- is the same thing that <U>killed</U> Ilia!
It's a programmed <U>mechanism</U>, Mr. Spock...
We could have cut it off at the main computer...
They may have attacked only as a warning to us, Captain. To keep away.
If I'd seen you again, would you have been able to say it?
No more than I expected  Not as difficult as this. I'm sorry...
Wormhole distortion has over- loaded main power systems...!
Negative control from inertial lag will continue 22 point five seconds before forward velocity slows to sub-light speed.
I now the Captain meant no person- al insult.
Hello, Ilia.
