Me either.
I'll tell you who you are.  You're the glue.  You're the thing that holds everybody around you together. You're strong, you listen and you see things in people the rest of us can't.  It's a gift.
Figured what out?
What was that?
What?
I couldn't have done it without you.
I just can't believe it.
I know.
Congratulations.
Yeah.  How'd you do.
Believe what?
They were gonna put me into special- ed this year.  I stole a copy of my transcript, changed all the grades. Shit, who am I kidding.  I'll never pass the boards.
Wanna bet?  Takes me half a day to get through one chapter of Lawford and I still don't have any idea what the hell he's talkin' about.  You know why it takes me so long to write papers?  because I can't spell.  While everybody else is sleeping, I'm in the rack with a flashlight and a dictionary.
I doctored my grades so I'd make the cut.  I'm a moron, okay?  You satisfied?!
I cheated to get on the boat!!!  All right?!
You've gotta be kidding.  Get the fuck outta my way!
Yeah, that's right.  You wanna come in and shake it for me?
To take a piss.
My old man split along time ago.  It doesn't mean anything.  You just take care of number one that's all that matters.
That's what they get for not locking the door.
I mean she looks pretty damn good in her all-together for being thirty.
She isn't that old.
Jesus!  What the hell happened to him.
Why would you do that?
Hell, they even kicked me outa vo- tech 'cause I couldn't read a slide rule.
We'll think of something.
That's enough.
Will you shut up?  You sound like my fucking sister.
I don't have to listen to this.
Okay donut.  Whatever you say.
They tell you that?
Damn, Porkchop, you sound just like a guy who ain't never seen a pair.
On the dog watch, night after the storm, I look down into the skylight above Skipper's cabin and there she was, peelin' down.
Trust me donut.  I know.
Like you'd know what to do with one.
Shut up donut.
Don't ever call me stupid.
Well, as soon as you grow some balls, let me know.
Because I felt like it.  What do you care?
What's your problem?
Then he shouldn't have written such a long poem, Mr. Lawford.
What?
What is it... the secret?
Much have I traveled in realms of gold/ And many goodly states and kingdoms seen/ Round many western islands have I been/ Which bards in fealty to Apollo hold/ Oft of one wide expanse had I been told/ That deep-browed Homer ruled as his demesne.
Look, save it for somebody else will ya.  This ancient shit doesn't have anything to do with me.
I don't.
