Oh no, I don't think --
Excuse me Miss Daniel?
Tom Grunemann discovered me -- we were here on business together, he discovered me with Jane McKenna. Then I suppose it was the -- the contempt I saw in his face and the certainty that sooner or later he'd use it against me. Within the Company. I endured that as long as I could, do you see?
It puzzles me so badly. I've done terrible things but I can't consider myself a terrible man. I've killed three people and I'd still want to say it was accident, do you see?
I'm not going to hurt you, absolutely, I'm not.
Then it doesn't matter what I do any more, does it?
No, you're frightened, you're pretending. Well -- Klute knows about me then. Does everybody know, can you tell me?
You have no idea what I'm talking about.
All right, then, an ordinary matter. I'm a quite well off man, I have a -- position to respect. I would feel personally uncomfortable to be connected with a -- certain kind of woman, I'm sure you understand. Do you? Well I'd like to buy Jane McKenna's book.
-- We can talk --
Can't we talk together reasonably, just -- ordinarily?  I know you're expecting some kind of -- extravagant behavior, but believe me -- do you believe me? --
Tomorrow. See you tomorrow night.
No, I'd -- like to be in on it.
Suppose I meet you there a half hour before.
I can talk it over; possibly I can get the money. When are you meeting the man?
Klute, the Company's interest is Tom Grunemann. Solely and exclusively. You say you can't find Tom; all right, I'll see that you're paid off; the case is closed.
No. It's ridiculous. This has nothing to do with Tom Grunemann.
I can't follow you.
You were hired to look for Tom.
What?
You were hired to look for Tom, not someone.
You said he was no possible connection with Tom. The Page girl told you that, not Tom.
That who?
You must be discouraged.
Some mistake perhaps that --
It has to be Tom. You said he ripped up his own pictures, he --
I'm sorry. I don't understand.
You said Trask was arranging laboratory work. Police laboratory. Anything from that?
I'm on my way to Chicago. Very important meeting tonight. Well -- any new developments?
I've been up country, you know my summer place, my camp. I don't even have a telephone there. This morning they sent a messenger out, that you'd been trying to call me.
I read your report. I had to go along with it -- the idea of this being a wild goose chase, Tom being nowhere around --
Sorry we had to meet here. But I'm pressed for time.
I think you're homesick.  I'll be out at my camp over the weekend. Nice right now, that touch of fall in the air, that skim of frost in the early mornings, very peaceful.  John, I'll be back here again Thursday; I'll be in touch. Lieutenant, thank you.
I'm flying back out to Pennsylvania Friday; I'll fill them in on things.
You just finished telling me she had nothing to offer. Not Tom, you said, the Dumper was clearly not Tom.
Where, how?
Then, close the case.
All right, suppose it wasn't Tom Grunemann; where does that get you?
She wouldn't be reliable anyhow -- a narcotics addict.
