What were you and Anna arguing about?... Excuse me for being so indiscreet, but this is serious...
Really! Still, it remains to be seen why she invented a shark. What was her purpose in that?
But Anna wouldn't be staying with the kind of people who live here.
Then why don't we go up and see the ruins?
More so than the shark?
That's Patrizia's way of letting us know she's with us.
Have you decided?
Well?
At the ruins. They're very ancient, you know.
Say, Claudia, wouldn't you like to climb up with me and take a look over there?
That must be Basiluzzo.
When one approaches fifty, my dear, he is affected only by the cold.
Really! So that you can stuff it with your geraniums.
What do you think?
If it rains, I'll buy myself an umbrella.
I'll stay here also.
Please, Giulia; must you always emphasize the obvious? I can see for myself that the weather is changing.
Giulia, that remark is not worthy of our twelve years of honest concubinage. I repeat, once and for all, and publicly, that I admire you. Does that please you?
But Corrado...  If something is beautiful why shouldn't one say so?
Do you know why? Because if you saw those ruins I'm sure you would have said they were very, very beautiful. You always say "how beautiful" to everything -- whether it's the sea, or a baby, or a cat! You have such a sensitive little heart that it throbs for anything.
Who's moving?
What happened?
You must know your third grade geography book inside out.
I detest comparisons made with oil.
Claudia, I know how you feel, but there are already two of us staying...
Then let's get started... It's senseless to waste any more time.
It's really a fact -- there's nothing new under the sun. Now, look here. Look at this structure... a kind of natural shelter. Sandro, that's how you should design your houses.
Well, we're still in Italy, you know!
I'm going ashore to take a look around the island. There are some ruins up there...
Listen, Marshal... As for there being reasons for going away, anyone of us might have three thousand of them. So you can assume that she had them. What I want to know, is it possible that the smugglers might have taken her aboard?
I was saying... it might even be possible that Anna had left with them.
So... the boat we saw yesterday afternoon might have also been that of these smugglers. Could it be possible, then, that Anna...?
And what are we going to do now?
