You should never wish to get melodramatic over anything.
Now, listen. For God's sake, try not to let yourself become obsessed with that idea. Go to your room and get back into bed.
But what's gotten into you?... We would have known. Sandro must be out in the garden somewhere, taking a breath of fresh air, or watching the break of dawn. It would be a lovely surprise indeed if he turned out to be the sentimental type.
More or less, we are all afraid. Especially at night.
I imagine he must be inside sleeping.
What do you mean by sensible?
You shouldn't always take me seriously. Actually, I'm used to it by now. First my mother and now my husband; both of them are like dynamos.
Quieter? Oh, yes, of course.
But then why did you bother changing?
No.
You say that just to flatter me.
But where did you finally end up?
But aren't you tired? I can just about manage to stand on my feet!  Raimondo!
To do what?
What amazes me, is Sandro. He seems so calm.
Have you ever been in love?
He amuses me. I don't know of anything more amusing. Outside of this jigsaw puzzle. Don't you find it so, Claudia?
Oh no; quite the contrary. He's really just a child.
Tell me, Claudia, what do you think of Raimondo?
Well, with a shark running loose around the place, I for one won't get aboard that raft! They'll have to catch it first. I want to see it right here before my feet, dead or alive.
Yes, yes, of course.
Nothing, nothing  at all. I was just looking for Sandro.
Ettore...
First let the poor thing have something to eat.
This is Claudia, Anna's friend...  You've never met my husband, have you?
Yes, even I had a mother. She was part Austrian, but she was still my mother. My childhood was like a tennis match; they bounced me back and forth, here and there...
Oh, no, not at all. And then you know very well that he'll forgive you anything; just as long as you admit to him that you're a worse driver than he is...
You should have told Ettore. He always manages to get what he wants.
Did you manage to find good rooms?
And here's Sandro.  Why don't you two go upstairs and change?
We've decided to go to Montaldo's place. In fact, Ettore should already be there.
What do you want us to do? I don't know myself... But we'll do something.
I don't see why I should mind.
But you have to  consider all possibilities, Sandro.
Perhaps she wasn't feeling well... Maybe a cramp or something...
Claudia isn't coming with us. Will you please take care of her luggage? Thanks.
Take it easy, Raimondo. Why are you getting so impatient?
You know, I don't love anybody.
Now, tell the truth, aren't you a bit disappointed?... But I already told you...
Raimondo... Do you enjoy fishing underwater?
Why have we stopped?
