No. But You'll get used to it.    Welcome to the Men in Black.
His physics are a little different than ours.  Don't worry
Hang on. -- And this is the good part; when you're fully ordained, he'll come when you call him, too.  Dave.
Hell of an assistant, isn't he?  Damn guy moves so fast, he actually gets there before you even ask for him.
Everybody, listen up: we've had a tremendous amount of movement lately. Be aware.  Be safe.  Have a good day.  Oh, uh... Cowan?
From now on, you'll respond only to the name "Jay." You'll dress in appropriate attire specially sanctioned by the INS Special Services. You're not to stand out in any way.  Understand?
Only the damn guy won't know it.
Mrs. Edelson?
You think we're nuts.
We're the government, Cowan.
For instance...  It says here you lost your parents at 15, and, since then...
What's so funny, cadet Cowan?
They don't.  Now, son.  If you get the job, you're going to be working with some very particular people who like to do things in some very particular ways.  Here's a little piece of advice:    Don't use this so much.
Your supervisors have no idea why you're here.
I put word out-- you know how long it takes to get the signals across.
Me, too.  I feel a long day coming on.
Yeah.  His dream and our worst nightmare.
Or what's no horrible down here that everyone's trying to avoid It?
How'd you know?
And get this: you know how humans evolved from primates?  Well guess what the dominant life form on planet evolved from?
I got a planet check on that bug.  It's from way the hell out in the third belt. it's organic, formed in the same blast that made our solar system.
Actually, I don't know...
Well, it wasn't in the jar...
They haven't announced it yet.  All I know is we're in motion for the most watched media event in history.
As far as I can tell, the guy's what he says he is - alone, and unarmed.  All he wants is five minutes to introduce himself to the public.
They went right to the President.
What do we have?  Are we showing anything?
They're gone.
Hard to tell.  I hope not.
Even that little bug you found in Sudbury seems to have taken off.
Elle's up in Portland-- three of her charges left visibly at a Trailblazers game.  Shots got a lot to mop up.  Tee says his Shanghai quadrasectionals haven't been around since morning.
He's gone, too.
I need you in Philadelphia.  I got a code 90, in a-high school.
Kay?  What's your 20?
So whattya say, kid?  You in or out?
How's Dee?
