Just one pair! You owe me that much, you heartless bitch!
...Not until I get a little something to remember you by.
Oh, Mary, honey, you're taking this all wrong.  I'm not leaving...
All right, I did, but I was in a weird place then.
Look at me, Mary. On my mother's soul, on God above, on everything that is holy to me, I did not steal your shoes.
That's what I want to tell ya. I've been through two years of extensive psychotherapy and you know what? You were right -- I needed help.
Uh-huh. I was worried about you.
Did you get my letter, Mare? The one about Ted?
If you're so happy with them, please, be my guest.
Dom Wooganowski. Duh.
You stole her from me. Now I want her back.
People get hurt that way.
You bet your ass I'm right. You don't go out with a loaded gun, you empty the barrels!
The most honest moment in a man's life is the five minutes after he's blown a load. That's a medical fact. And it's because you're no longer trying to get laid. You're actually thinking like a girl. They love that.
Wrong. It's because you ain't got the baby batter in your brain any more. That'll fuck with your head, that stuff will.
Why's that?
Think about it: After you've had sex with a girl and the two of you are laying in bed, are you nervous?
You jerk off before all big dates, right? Tell me you jerk off before your big dates.
You know, clean the pipes.
Okay, sounds like you're all set. Just clean the pipes and it's a go.
Mints?
Car clean? Plenty of gas?
Just relax. Have you hit the cash machine?
Tell her the truth about Healy! Blow the schmuck out of the water.
Well? What are you waiting for?
No! You've gone through way too much to back down now. Get over there and do something -- I can't stand watching this.
Don't you see? -- Healy lied to us about everything! The landlord said when he got back from Miami he kept talking about falling for some doctor named Mary!
Remember our friend Healy? Well, I didn't know where to mail his last paycheck so I sent my assistant by his mother's apartment. Turns out there is no diabetic mom. Landlord said she's been dead for ten years.
Flew.  Told my wife I was going to a Promise Keepers convention.
Didn't they tell you? That hitcher was just about to cut your throat when you stopped to take a leak. You got a fucking horseshoe up your ass, man.
You are one lucky sonofabitch, you know that?
Well then you've got to call her, man.
The lazy fuck just didn't bother to look her up.
No You mean...?
Huh? But why did Healy?
What?
Jesus, Ted, you've got to finish that damn novel so you can quit that stupid magazine.
What? On your day off? Do you even know the guy?
Christ, Ted, I was only four towns away.
I'm sorry, it's just that you're taking this all wrong, pal. Don't you see? You're liberated. I feel liberated. I mean here you've been in therapy thinking you blew it with the greatest girl ever, and it turns out that getting your dick stuck in your zipper was the best thing that ever happened to you!
Well... at least now you know.
Hey, look on the bright side --
He'll do better than that. I'll send him down to Miami on business, you throw him a couple bucks on the side, and he'll track her down.
Yeah, I guess he still lives with her. Seemed like a sweet lady -- got diabetes or something -- so I went out on a limb and got him transferred down to Providence.
Relax, this guy owes me a big one. A couple years ago he got in a jam up in the Boston office; some bullshit about padding his resume -- like we haven't all done that. Anyway, they were going to let him go but his mother wrote a tear-jerker letter that ended up on my desk.
I got it -- you hire a private eye, fly him out there, he follows her around a couple days, she'll never know a thing.
You're kidding? What did they say?
So that was it? One bump in the road and you gave up?
What if you're wrong? You just said she's the only girl you ever loved, what have you got to lose by calling her?
Why not?
Well why don't you look her up?
I mean since then.
Whatever happened to Mary?
Mary again.
Never?
Each day is better than the next.  Have you ever been, you know... in love with someone?
I never said that. I'm saying your lucky those kids found his kidneys.  Besides, your brother Jimmy never gave a shit about you.
Give me a break. Remember five years ago, when your kidneys failed? If you were a loser would they have been able to find a donor with an exact tissue match? What are the odds of that, one in a million?
Loser? You?
I just told you, she's half Asian. half American. They're all good looking. You could mate Don Rickles and Yoko Ono and they're going to have a gorgeous kid. It's a foolproof combo.
You're leaving it out. Finish your swing.  You're going to like this one -- she's half Asian, half American.
I'm going to fix you up with my new assistant.
Let me ask you this: When you smoke a cigar, do you ever pretend it has balls?
Well you're a writer, and a lot of writers are gay. Look at Truman Capote.
Gay? He said you were gay?
