We're in love with your roommate.
No, thanks.  Love a little bundt cake if you have some!
You got a brew?
Truth is I usually get along better with animals than with people. In Nepal the villagers call me 'Kin-tan- tee', which means 'man who is loved by many animals...  ...who love him a lot, too... and so on.'
'That right?
Call you back.
You said it, mister.  I gotta go.
The bottom line is, I'm not going to use my philanthropy as some form of currency... especially after what I did.  I lied to this poor girl. Lied, man. She deserved better.
Ahh.
I don't know. I guess... it just seems that women today are more impressed by the mighty buck than by some schmo who spent the last seventeen years scraping by on Peace Corp wages.
Oh yeah.
Yep.
Ah, I got a date tonight with that Mary girl I told you about.
Uh, I'm fine. Just wanted to let you know I'll have your car back in a couple hours, I'm still staking out this girl's apartment.
Sully, it's Healy. What's going on over there?
Hello...? Sully...?  Sully, that you?
Ah, fuck ya then, you big pussy. What are you, spotting?
Bet your ass you are. Now I don't want to hear anymore of your happy horseshit. You gotta learn how to bend a little or believe me... you're gonna break.
I'm worried about you, man. You better learn to have a pop once in a while or you're gonna fall off the wagon. You're being a fanatic and that ain't healthy.
This is a light beer. You can't have a light beer?
Here, just have one of these then.
Is that right? Well good for you, Sull, I'm proud of you.
What are you talking about? You were never an alky, you were a cokehead.
Tell Bill to get the fuck off!
Yeah, and you don't drink any less, right?
Fuckin' animals. Hey, what do you say we go grab a couple drinks.
Okay? With this pad, the killer wheels? Looks like you really cleaned up your act.
Very nice.
Big time.
Nah, some guy threw me a few bucks to track down his high school girlfriend.
Thanks.
Fucking Sully! Look at you!
I say none of us leave this room until our young Mary here stops jerking us around and decides once and for all who she wants. Now Mary, I know this is difficult but you really will be doing them all a favor to tell them the truth about us.
Who the hell's Woogie?
Hi, I'm out drinking champagne and roses... and I'm really happy. Leave a message. BEEP.
No!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Not to worry. So... see you tonight, right? Right?
Urrggghh...
How's my stomach taste, she says.  Hey thanks for picking up the lunch tab, Mare. Sorry I forgot my wallet. I feel like a dog.
You look great.  Hey, Mare, do I have a rip in the back of these pants?
Hey, watch your mouth -- she's a great gal. I'm the dumbshit for lying to her.
Fuck!!
Nah, really, it was moronic.
No, forget it, it was stupid.
Mary ah, forget it.
Well, I'll see ya.
Yeah... I guess this is it, huh?
Wow. I thought I was the only one.
-- Love story of our time.
Ouch. Come on, don't bust my chops. I know it's corny, but I do love it.
Huh. I guess I just wish they made them like they used to. You know, something like The Heartbreak Kid... or Harold and Maude.
No. But the Boston Globe critic Jay Carr hated it.
Try to be. It's tough going with the crap they make today. If Dumb and Dumber's the best they've got to offer I say thanks but no thanks.
Ah, I'd sell that. Start fresh in a new place, quit the architect game, slow things down, read more books, see more movies...
You know, sometimes I wish I could be like Magda and not go home. I'd like to just bounce around for awhile, do a little traveling...
Lint?
And it doesn't cramp your style?
That grandmother of yours -- she's really something.
When you look at architecture, try not to concern yourself with the pieces -- look at the building in its totalitarianism.
That...? Vestibule.
Deco.
What say we get outta here and go crush a bucket?
A surprise?
The museum? I thought we were going out to dinner?
Fine. Fine.
Great.
Oh, Pufferball likes his little tum- tum rubbed, doesn't he now?
Yeah, it's fun for them, but it's heaven for me.  Those goofy bastards are just about the best thing I have in this crazy old world.  Ooh, hey, I gotta run.
That's what I said, so I went out and got him a leash you know, one of those clothesline runners for the backyard. He's got plenty of room out there to dig. The kid's really blossomed. Now I can take him to ball games, movies -- you know, happy stuff.
Well it's more of an enclosure really.
-- There's this one kid, we call him Mongo on account of he's a mongoloid. He got out of his cage once and --
The hell with that. No one's gonna tell me who I can and can't work with.
You know...  ...the guys who ride the short bus.
I work with retards.
I'm kidding. Yeah, I guess you could call me an architect -- it's just a job really, a way to keep me moving. My real passion is my hobby.
Well, just until I get my PGA Tour card.
Some buildings I'm working on.
It's right there on your golf bag.
I already know it, Mary.
Pat Healy.
Same here again.
Here. Spend it on your trip to Katmandu.
Not 'til you get about three hundred yards from the summit. That's been my experience anyway.
Well... it's just a condo really. Right outside Katmandu.
Not in months. I don't even know why I bought the damn place.
Oh cripes. Do you have change for a dollar? All I have is these stupid Nepalese coins.
I'm gonna get a soda, you want one?
Thanks.
A girl after your own heart, Ted.
Why the fuck would I do that? I'd be screwing myself.
What?
I don't know what you're talking about.
That's right, hot shot! My turn. What's the matter with me, huh? Why can't I ever get the great girl? Give the big pig with the B.O. to Healy, right? Well I was sick of it, man! No more -- it was my turn. It was time for me... time for me... to be happy.
Yeah well fuck you! You just can't stand the fact that it was my turn.
Oh Christ... poor dog.
That's right -- if you weren't you would've looked for her yourself!
Turn her over to a stalker.
Look, you asked me to follow your girl around, and I did and I started to like her, and then I realized I just couldn't in good conscience do it.
What do you mean 'why'?
Hey, hey, hey!
Fetched a pretty penny, too. Don't forget, it's the Sumo culture, they pay by the pound there. Sort of like tuna.
You've heard of mail-order brides? Well they go that way, too.
Okay, tell you what: I'll get her number for you just as soon as she gets back from Japan.
It's a goddamn bunion. It'll heal.
I said buttplug. She's heinous.
Rollerpig? Are you nuts?
Good good.
Yeah, I don't know why but I always felt at home in the fronton.
Yeah, this insurance business is too slow for me. I'm going to go down and try my hand at jai alai.
Oh, uh, I resigned.
You sure, big guy? I'll bet she'd love to hear from you before her mastectomy!
Ted? Don't you want the name of the housing project?
Anyway, the good news is I have all the information you need. Got it from her bookie -- nice guy. You should definitely call her, Ted. I mean she's a real sparkplug, that one. She seems determined to get those rugrats off welfare and with your help I'll bet she does it.
Don't look so shocked, it's been a long time. I bet you've changed a lot over the last twelve years, haven't you?
Hyperactive little fuckers, too. Tough to keep up with in a wheelchair, I bet.
Well I'm guessing. There's a black kid, two whites, and a midget.
Four kids, three different guys.
Nope. Never been.
But you know, you shit out a bunch of kids, you're going to put on a few pounds.
I'd say about a deuce, deuce and a half. Not bad.
Well she must've packed on a few pounds over the years.
That I couldn't say. Let me ask you something: Was she a little big-boned in high school?
Right there in Liberty City. And you were right, she's really something.
I think your life's about to change.
I've got some very, very good news for you, my friend.
I get one hundred a day plus expenses.
Sure she is. That's why she got an unlisted number and you haven't heard squat from her in a dozen years. Oh you're good, Ted. You're a real piece of work.
Do you really expect me to believe this is a straight stalker case?
You want her dead, don't you?
She's blackmailing you, right?
Ted, I'm the kind of guy who shoots from the hip. Now I want you to level with me: Did you knock this skirt up?
I don't buy it.
Don't play games with me, Ted.
All you want is a phone number?
Any idea where I might start looking?
So, Dom tells me you're looking for some lady-friend you knew in high school.
Oh... Sully.
You were following us?
Oh that makes a lot of sense. Why would I rat myself out?
You fucking prick, we had a deal -- you said you wouldn't fuck me and I wouldn't fuck you until we had this fuck out of the fucking picture.  You crossed the line, man.
You little fuck.
Sully...! What the fuck happened here?!
Ho-ly shit.
That seems like a lot of speed for a little pooch -- you sure it won't kill him?
How many is that?
Fucking sickening.
Future wife? Get real, man -- you're nothing more than a glorified brother in her eyes.
Hey, hey, hey, I'm not the one who started telling bald-faced lies about the competition -- that's crossing the line!
Nice.
How'd you manage that one?
And you met Mary how?
Bullshit!
But... but you knew people at Harvard.
What do you mean?
You what?
That stalker Ted got to you, right? You're working for him, aren't you, you little shit?
Maybe this'll jog your memory.
Who the fuck do you think you are making up that bullshit about me?!
Oh look, it's Doob! Will you excuse me a minute, Tucker?
Uh, sort of nouveau Deco... with a big vestibule. Check it out next time you're up there.
No... just down the street, the Amigo Tower.
Do you know the... soccer stadium?
Have you been to  Let's see -- Santiago, Chile?
Nice smokescreen, isn't it?
Well, I'll tell her I ran into you.
Among others.
You bet.
Yes yes, I did get my degree up there.
Mainly I work out of Boston.
Same here.
