Aw, Christ, I can't take it anymore. I'm gonna pack my bags and go back to my own place.
Would you like a little clam-dip, honey?
Would you like a glass of tea or something?
He can tell you're an animal nut. You are, aren't ya?
You mean he doesn't like bad guys.
This is a good one, Mare. Sounds like his partner's all lubed up.
Ah, he was being a pest so I put him in the bathroom.
Oh, hi hon. Just straightening up.
The little shit lied to me about that guy!
Puffy, get over here.
You vicious bitch, how do you sleep at night?
An old flame?
Oh no? I ain't seen you beaming like this since you broke ninety on the Blue Monster.
Knock it off, Pollyanna, just 'cause you're in love doesn't mean everyone else has to be.
Don't bet on it. Last time I had a pap smear the guy needed leather gloves and an oyster shucker.
Back when I was your age I always used to make myself a big banana split after sex. I think you're gonna need one tonight.
I'm buying bananas tonight.
Hey hey, what did you say Pat's last name was?
Bundt cake?
Oh, yeah, of course, dear.
Fuck kindred spirits. My little Puffy here's gonna tell you all you need to know about this guy in about two seconds flat. If he starts yapping, he's a loser; if Puffy's relaxed... well, you got yourself a keeper.
That's exactly why I don't watch 'em anymore -- it's bullshit! Why the hell would an old lady go for a young kid?
I don't watch the new ones.
Then why you going out with him if he's a schlep?
What's a mook?
What's he like?
Good lookin'?
So who's the lucky guy?
Jesus, Mary, you gotta hear this -- some cop's staking out this broad's apartment.
That's because there's a lot of bad people out there. Hey, Puffy tried to warn you about that Steve guy you was seeing -- he was a fucking asswipe -- but you had to find out for yourself, didn't you?
I confirmed it on the scanner. I knew something was up because Puffy used to bark like hell whenever he saw him and you know Puffy only barks at bad people.
Meaning these are the people you live amongst, you got a right to know if they're creeps. For instance, did you know there's a guy down the hall cheating on his wife?
These ain't strangers, they're neighbors. This only picks up signals in a half-mile radius.
Bet your ass I have. It's an important job, Neighborhood Watch is.
