Look, if it wasn't you who sent the letter, and it wasn't me who sent it?
Don't flatter yourself -- I was following her, I always do. How the hell you think I got rid of Mary's boyfriend Steve?
Like I'm going to try to figure out a guy who's idea of courting is blowing farts in the chick's face
I swear! I didn't tell her nothing! You probably did it yourself, you piece of shit.
What?
Hey, this is a pretty nice place.
I never said that.
Four.
That stalkin' son-of-a-bitch!
Why you son of a --
What line? The day you first laid your oily rap on my future wife you started a war!
Oh yeah, the plan was going along just fine until you showed up.
Friend. Baseball bat.
Just dumb luck. I delivered a pie to her one night and she answered the door in her nightgown -- that was it for me. I went home that night, shaved my beard, and a week later I was laid out in her office with a broken back.
...So then in '94 I went back to Dade Community College for a semester and when the Wal-Mart cashier job fell through I hooked up with the Pizza Barn.
I knew shit. The only thing I knew was that you were a fake and I made up everything else.  My real name's Norm. I deliver pizzas.
I mean I'm a fucking fraud. I'm no architect. Don't be a putz -- who's been to Santiago twice in a year?  Estadio Olimpico -- please!
I'm a phony -- just like you, man.
You heard me, goddamnit. I... I love her.
Who?
Whoa, whoa -- I don't know what you're talking about.
Okay, Pat, take it easy -- don't do anything stupid.
You know, I really should take your card.
I'm sorry, I'm not familiar with it. What style?
Did you build the Estadio Olympico?
Absolutely! I was there twice last year. Which building is yours?
Really? But he's been married for twenty years -- they've got six kids.
You mean him.
Kim and I are close friends!
Did you study under Kim Greene?
Harvard?
Boston, huh? Did you get your degree up there?
Pleasure to meet you, Patrick.
Name's Norm. I live up in Pompano with my folks.
Uh, well... not exactly. You see, I exaggerated a little there.
Don't get all gooey on me now, you'll give me a big head.  The important thing, Doctor, is you've got to distance yourself as much as possible without pissing this psycho off.
Okay, just calm down. It's going to be okay.
I've got a friend in the Boston police department. He faxed me this this morning. I'll just give you the highlights.  After a short stint as a petty thief, Patrick R. Healy graduated to armed robbery by the age of fourteen. At sixteen he committed his first murder -- a pretty teacher's aid named Molly Pettygrove. He was incarcerated until age twenty-two when, despite a grim psychological profile, the state was forced to release him. In his mid- twenties and again in his early thirties he was suspected of homicides in the states of Utah and Washington. Unfortunately, the bodies were so badly decomposed that there wasn't enough evidence to hold him, and on and on and so forth and so on.
Mary, the man's a killer.
I think you'd better sit down.
Well... I've got a little more news about your friend Healy.
Thanks, but I've got to be going. Unfortunately, Doc, this isn't a social visit.
I mean let's face it, Mary, you're beautiful, you've got money, you trust people -- I'm just saying, there's a lot of psychos out there.
I thought so. Anyway, I hope you don't think I'm being meddlesome. I just think you should be careful with this guy.
Look, it's just that something about him struck me as odd last night. He gave me this funny vibe. Anyway, I called some friends back east. They don't know of any architect named Patrick Healy and he's not listed as a Harvard alumnus.
That's what you've been looking for -- a farter?
Well that's what I'm trying to figure out. How long have you known him?
You don't think they're too big?
What's up, Doc?
Where would I have seen your work?
Hey, no kidding? Where are your offices?
