I gotta go to Little Rock.
That's what everybody says.  Only problem is nobody's husband was unaccounted for that night... Could you shoot Eddie in the face?  At point blank range?
Yeah, I could too.  But... I don't know why I'm even asking you this. It's just... we can't place anybody at the scene but these two gals that everybody swears is sweet as pie. I don't know.  I keep hearing words -- impossible -- inconceivable.  If just one person would say...
On what?
I'm asking you seriously, Sarah, a stranger?
Why?
Do you think you could ever think of a set of circumstances that would just cause you to haul off and shoot someone?
Do you think you could ever shoot someone?
Honey?
There's two girls out there that had a chance, they had a chance...!  And you blew it for 'em.  Now they've gotten in some serious trouble, some very serious trouble and for at least part of it, I'm gonna hold you personally responsible for anything that happens to them.  I've got no feelin' for you.  But I may be the only person in the world who gives a rat's ass what happens to them and you're either gonna tell me every damn thing you know, so there's a small chance I can actually do them some good, or I'm gonna be all over you like a fly on shit for the rest of your natural life.  Your misery is gonna be my goddamn mission in life.  That's a sincere promise.
You know what?  You're starting to irritate me.
Did either of them ever indicate that they might be running from the Law?
He said he took it to a motel in Oklahoma City.  He also says that at that time he met a man.  He identified you through a series of mug shots.  He also told us that you and Mrs. Dickinson seemed "close." Is that true?
We spoke with a gentlemen today who says he personally delivered very close to that same amount to a Miss Louise Sawyer.  Do you know her too?
Well, son, she's doin' a damn sight better 'n you right now.
That's Thelma Dickinson's husband.
Alright, Lena.  Go on home.  We might have to call you in for some more questioning.
You didn't happen to notice what kind of car they were driving?
Lena, just cut the bullshit, will ya?  Do have any ideas or don't ya? I been standin' in this stupid parkin' lot all goddamn night, and I still got to go file a report before I can go home in time to get back up again!
Who do you think did it?
Well, you're not exactly an expert witness, but what makes you so sure?
Could you identify 'em, if ya saw 'em again?
Louise, I'll do anything.  I know what's makin' you run.  I know what happened to you in Texas.
You want to come on in?
I do believe you.  That's what I want everybody to believe.  Trouble is, it doesn't look like an accident and you're not here to tell me about it... I need you to help me here.
You're gettin' in deeper every moment you're gone.
You're still with us though.  You're somewhere on the face of the earth?
How are things goin' out there?
Good.  You wanna tell me what happened?
You girls are in some hot water.
I have no problem with that.
That's certainly possible.
Alright.
All we know is there were two women in a green T-Bird convertible that turned left out of the parking lot, going real fast.  We're trying to get a make on the car, but nothin' yet.  So far, we got nothin'.
Armed robber.
Is this the guy you saw them with?
This is serious, son.  A man is dead.
Tell us about him.
I'm sorry to bother you, I know you're real busy right now, but how many times, Max?  How many times has that woman gotta be fucked over? You could lift one finger and save her ass and you won't even do that?
Hey!  Don't let them shoot those girls.  This is too much.  They got guns pointed at 'em!
It don't matter.  Brains will only get you so far and luck always runs out.
He's got nothin' to gain by lyin'.  Nothin' at all.  He already got all their money.  I just don't know what we're dealin' with here. Anyway, it went out again last night on Nationwide Teletype.  Let's just wait it out a little longer.  She said she was gonna call back.  Let's just sit tight.
Now, for one thing, you violated your parole two days out.  And you know Judge Hainey.  He hates this sort of thing.  Once he gets wind of this, he's gonna blow sky high.  And then when he finds out that you're a possible accessory to murder and armed robbery, well, I think we can safely place your ass back in the slammer for at least the remaining eight, don't you?
My Lord.
The important thing is not to let on that you know anything.  We want to try and find out where they are. Now I don't want to get too personal, but do you have a good relationship with your wife?  Are you close with her?
A .38.
