Do you really think your mighty Federation would be interested in protecting six hundred people?
I'll be here.
Mother and son. You arranged this...?
You're Ro'tin, aren't you...? There's something in the voice.  Would you be his friend Gal'na?  I helped your mother bathe you when you were a child. She still speaks of you.
There's a cavern at the base of the next hill...
What's the rush?
Right beyond that ridge is where the caves begin... we can hide for days...
Jak'tahla?
There are caves in those mountains.
For someone so young.
I wonder if you're aware of the trust you endanger, Jean-Luc Picard. In my experience, it's unusual for...
I just... haven't gotten around to it yet.
It took us centuries to learn that it doesn't have to take centuries to learn.
Yes. Exactly. Nothing more complicated than perception.  You explore the universe. We've discovered a single moment in time can be a universe in itself... full of powerful forces... most people aren't aware enough of the now... to ever notice them...
When time seemed to stop... and you could almost live in that moment...
You'll stop reviewing what happened yesterday... stop planning for tomorrow... until you find...  Let me ask you a question -- have you ever experienced a perfect moment in time?
More questions. Always the explorer. If you stay long enough, that'll change.
This is a school... that's a student's work.  She'll be ready to become an apprentice soon. Then, in thirty or forty years, she'll take her place among the artisans...
... who wouldn't be tempted by the promise of perpetual youth? I don't think so.
You don't live up to your reputation as an offlander, Picard.
But not you.
We've always known that to survive, we had to remain apart. It hasn't been easy. Many of the young people here want to know more about the offland... they're attracted to stories of a faster pace of life...
There's an unusual metaphasic radiation coming from the planet's rings. It continuously regenerates the cells in our bodies. You must have noticed the effects by now.
I've been shot at... thrown into the lake out of an invisible ship that's come to abduct us all... what's there to panic about?
Deceive us?
I know what a hologram is, Captain. The question is -- why would someone want to create one of our village?
Then you must spend your life answering questions.
Why?
Capability, yes. But where can warp drive take us, except away from here...?
Your directive apparently doesn't include spying on other cultures.
It's not our custom to have guests here at all, let alone hold anyone against their will.
