I have to go home now.
It is safer there. I will join you shortly.
Tournel will take you the rest of the way...
No one's ever asked me that before.
Androids... don't have...fun.
But I can run much faster than you... I am capable of exceeding forty-seven meters per second...
For what purpose?
I play the violin... and my chess routines are quite advanced...
I would gladly accept the requirement of a bedtime in exchange for knowing what it is like to be a child.
My legs are eighty-seven-point- two centimeters. They were eighty-seven-point-two centimeters the day I was created. They will be eighty- seven-point-two centimeters the day I go off line. My operation depends on specifications that do not change.  I... cannot imagine... the experience of growing up or even tripping over my own feet...
But they are in a constant state of growth. Do you find it difficult to adapt?  A child's specifications are never the same from one moment to the next. I am surprised that you do not... trip over your own feet.
Really.
Perhaps it would surprise you to know that I have often tried to imagine what it would be like to be a child...
My power cells continually re- charge themselves.
Perhaps, that is true.
I aspire to be more than I am.
I understand.
I am better.
There is no need for concern. I am operating within normal parameters now.
I believe it is safe, sir.
I'm showing fresh air  behind this calcite formation, Captain...
Another forty-three people reported taken, sir...
Captain, I've activated transport inhibitors around the village...
Why would the Federation or the Son'a wish to move the Ba'ku?
... it is conceivable I was shot to protect the secret of its existence.
Incomplete, I might add.
It is clearly Federation in origin, Captain.
Tricorder functions are limited due to heavy deposits of kelbonite in these hills...
And I do not believe I made a very good first impression.
... I am the personification of everything they have rejected.
I believe the boy is... afraid... of me.
I was in an isolation suit collecting physiometric data on Ba'ku children. My last memory is going into the hills, following a boy...
'his nose should pant and his lip should curl...'
Yes... that looks like them.
Captain, Geordi...?
