If you begin the procedure while the planet is still populated, the Federation will pursue you until...
It is over.
We're taking this ship out of here... this mission is over...
You're not going to launch anything until...
I'll order Riker to turn around.
That is not an acceptable option. If people get hurt, all the support we have in the Federation...
Take me down. Let me talk to Picard.
He's right. Our shields have been upgraded to protect against the environmental anomalies...
I know what Data means to Starfleet, Jean-Luc... but our crew is at the mercy of those people on the planet...
I prefer to wait until we can share the benefits with all the people of the Federation...
Another time.
Our procedures were in place to protect the planet's population from unnecessary risk...
There's nothing further to be gained from this...
Order them to surrender, and I promise you won't be court- martialed.
We are only moving six hundred people, Jean-Luc.
It would take ten years of normal exposure to begin to reverse their condition. Some of them won't survive that long. Besides, they don't want to live in the middle of The Briar Patch... who would?
Our best scientific minds already have. We can't find any other way to do this.
The concentration in the rings is what makes the whole damned thing work. Don't ask me to explain it. I only know they inject something into the rings that starts a thermolytic reaction. After it's over, the planet will be unlivable for generations.
With metaphasics, lifespans will be doubled... an entire new medical science will evolve...  I understand your Chief Engineer has the use of his eyes for the first time in his life... would you take his sight away from him?
On Earth, petroleum once turned petty thugs into world leaders. Warp drive transformed a bunch of Romulan thugs into an empire. We can handle the Son'a, I'm not worried about that...
Right. We have the planet and they have the technology -- a technology we can't duplicate. You know what that makes us? Their partners.
There are six hundred people down there. We'll be able to use the regenerative properties of this radiation to help billions.  The Son'a have developed a procedure to collect the metaphasic particles form the planets rings...
The Prime Directive doesn't apply. These people are not indigenous to this world. They were never meant to be immortal. We'll simply be restoring their natural evolution.
I'm acting on orders form the Federation Council.
That's why we put chromodynamic shields in place - so our people wouldn't feel the effects from the metaphasic radiation...
You're looking well, Jean-Luc. Rested.
Just a few loose ends to tie up. Dougherty out.
I'll need all your paperwork tomorrow. We're heading back your way. Set a course to rendezvous with us so you can transfer the crew and equipment on your way out.
You've done a terrific job, Jean- Luc. Now, pack your bags and get the hell out of there. How's Data?
Good luck. Dougherty out.
All right. You have twelve hours, Captain. Then I want you out of The Briar Patch. In the meantime, we'll be heading out to the perimeter to call for Son'a reinforcements in case you fail.
I wish I had better news. Commander Data attacked us in the mission scout ship yesterday. Ru'afo and I have decided to send in an assault team...
Captain, I wasn't expecting you.
We haven't fully identified the anomalies yet. They're calling this whole area The Briar Patch... it took us a day to reach a location where we could get a signal out to you. Just get me Data's schematics. I'll keep you informed.  Dougherty out.
That's probably not a good idea. Your ship hasn't been fitted for this region; there are environmental concerns...
... And now he's holding our people hostage down there...
