The "mighty" Federation could learn a few things from this village...
But I have three hundred and eighteen days of vacation time coming. I plan on using them.
I thought it might begin the healing process.
You've brought the Federation into the middle of a blood feud, Admiral. The children have returned to expel their elders... just as they were once expelled. Except Ru'afo's need for revenge has now escalated to parricide.
This way!
I should warn you... I've always been attracted to older women...
How is it a woman like you never married? And don't tell me you "just haven't gotten around to it yet"...
By now the Son'a have scanned the area and know that just as well as we do.
Roughly translated: puberty... although for a Klingon that's not doing it justice...  Any severe mood swings, unusual aggressive tendencies -- be sure to let me know right away...
We can hold them off a long time... once we get there...  But they will not make it easy to get there...
When we're forced away by the terrain, we'll use transport inhibitors to compensate. The mountains have the highest concentrations. Once we're there, transport will be virtually impossible...
... an offlander?
There's one thing I don't understand.  In three hundred years...you never learned to swim?
I wish I could spare a few centuries to learn.
Seeing my home planet from space for the first time...
A perfect moment?
Will it?
An apprentice for thirty years.  We've noticed your people's mental discipline. Did that develop here?
The craftsmanship is extraordinary.
You give me more credit than I deserve. Of course, I'm tempted. Who wouldn't be?  But some of the blackest marks in the history of my world have involved the forced relocation of a small group of people to satisfy the demands of a larger one. I'd like to believe we learn from our mistakes. Obviously, some of us haven't.
In defense of offlanders, there are many more like me...
There are days.
Most of my people who live that faster pace would sell their souls to slow it down.
Clearly, the architects of this conspiracy have tried to keep it a secret. Not just from you, but from my people as well.  I don't intend to let them.
We've... just begun to.  I suppose you're seventy-five.
Don't panic...
To move you off this planet. You go to sleep one night in your village... wake up the next morning in this flying holodeck transported en masse. A week later, maybe a month, you've been relocated on a similar planet without ever realizing it.
Data, if you were following the boy and discovered this ship...
I don't like to leave questions unanswered.
I understand how you feel. We just want to retrace Data's movements that day...
You have warp capability?
If I were in your shoes, I'd feel the same way after what happened.  The 'artificial lifeform' is a member of my crew. Apparently, he became... ill...
My people have a strict policy of non-interference with other cultures. In fact, it's our Prime Directive.
We were under the impression they were being held against their will.
If not for Data, you'd probably have been re-located by now.
To many offlanders, what you have here would be more valuable than gold-pressed latinum.  And I'm afraid it's the reason that someone is trying to take this world away from you.
No.
Data doesn't breathe.
Is it safe to move her?
Will he live?
Prepare to transport the 'hostages' to the ship...
Very funny...
'Yew-cheen chef-faw'... My collar size is exactly the same as it was at the Academy.
Will the structure hold if we blast through?
How many?
Good. Let's begin to move these people out...
I don't know.
What possible purpose could a duplicate village have except... to deceive the Ba'ku...
What you're seeing is a computer driven image created by photons and forcefields...
'Just a few loose ends to tie up.'
A ship,
How about a passive radiation scan?
Until this week, that young man probably never saw a  machine, let alone one that walks and talks...
It's nothing personal data. You have to remember these people have rejected technology. And you...
From the mission...
What's the last thing you remember, Data...
You're aboard the Enterprise.
Hello, Data...
I wonder... which one of us will be facing that court-martial...
If a court-martial is the only way to tell the people of the Federation what happened here, then I welcome it.
How many people would it take... before it becomes wrong? A thousand? Fifty thousand. A million?
We are betraying the principles upon which the Federation was founded... this is an attack on the very soul of the Federation.  This will destroy the Ba'ku. Just as cultures have been destroyed in every other forced relocation throughout history.
The Ba'ku.
Then the Son'a can establish a separate colony on this planet until we do...
Delay the procedure. Let my people look at the technology.
There are metaphasic particles all over The Briar Patch. Why must this planet be...
Someone probably said the same thing about the Romulans a century ago.
Our partners are nothing more than petty thugs.
A planet in Federation space...
Who are we to decide the next course of evolution for these people?
How can there be an order to abandon the Prime Directive...?
... or understand that they were participating in the outright theft of a world.  I won't let you move them, Admiral. I'll go to the Federation Council...
Your "Briar Patch" turned out to be more hospitable than I expected.
You're not finished here?
In stasis. La Forge is completing the diagnostic.
... and because they have warp capabilities, the consequences to their society are minimal...
Understood.
Sir, Commander Worf and I have been working on several tactical plans to safely...
This was too important for the Enterprise to be on the sidelines, Admiral...
What kind of concerns?
The Enterprise can be at your position in two days, Admiral...
You have no idea what precipitated his behavior?
Scan for lifesigns.
What if he doesn't realize something's happening...  Can you get me to a transmitter? I have to speak with Worf and Data on the surface... we'll need their help...
If we could lure him away from the bridge...
Do you know how to disable the injector?
I'm not begging for my life. I'm begging for yours.  There is still a way home, Gal'na.
A coward... without the moral courage to stop an unspeakable atrocity. You offend me.
... had regenerated.
Implants bothering you?
And yet he attacked us. And told the Ba'ku we were a threat...
So, you're saying he still knew the difference between right and wrong.
Fail-safe?
Why would they fire at him without provocation?
The Son'a reports claim they didn't fire until after he malfunctioned.
Do you know how they were damaged?
When I was an ensign, I could detect a three-micron mis- alignment...
Do you have everything you need from command?
Are they...?
I want our guests to depart as quickly a etiquette allows. I'll ask Worf to delay his return to DS9 so he can join us. We're going to stop by sector four-four- one on our way to the Goren system.
Top level review, my ass. There'll be no cover-up of this. Not after I get...
There's a short letter I left you all, just some... sentimental nonsense... the computer will bring it to your attention at oh- four-hundred... I'd just as soon you delete it...
Go back to your quarters  That's an order.
Prepare the ship for departure at oh-seven-hundred hours.
Deck five.
We're not going anywhere.
So where are the 'environmental concerns' the Admiral was talking about?
We won't be able to go any faster than one-third impulse in that muck...
Who is it?
'Yew-cheen chef-faw.'
... so they need us to put out one more brush fire.  Anyone remember when we used to be explorers?
We can't delay the archaeological expedition to Hanoran Two. It would put us into the middle of monsoon season...
Ask them.
You've not aged a day since then?
No, we're here to... rescue them.
Jean-Luc Picard... my officers Doctor Crusher and Counselor Troi.
I understand. Tell Doctor Crusher to have a hypospray of lectrazine ready...
Worf, you must hurry...
Yes... yes, I... can hear you...
We'll skip the court martial this time... Picard out.
Slow to impulse. We're on our way.
Is there any other way to disable the injector?
Can you beam him off?
Decloak the holo-ship and engage a tractor beam, Mister Worf.
We have to find shelter...
Very well. We'll take an hour. Break out some rations...
You need a haircut, Commander.
No. We'll be responsible for that, Mister Worf.
Picard to Crusher...
Gorch?
Debrief them again.  Have you been in a fight, Commander?
Did any of the hostages mention a cloaked ship during their debriefings?
Transferring controls to manual.
I'm not letting go of him.
They're composers, Worf, from the nineteenth century. Data was rehearsing a part in H.M.S. Pinafore before he left...  "A British tar is a soaring soul, As free as a mountain bird, His energetic first should be ready to resist A dictatorial word..."
Do you know Gilbert and Sullivan?
Evasive maneuvers... heading one- four-zero mark three-one...
Prepare to enter the atmosphere... we'll use the ionospheric boundary to shake him...
Beam him out!
Make it so.
Hmm? Oh, it's just something my mother used to...
Come out, come out wherever you are...
The metaphasic radiation in those rings is in a state of extreme flux. Steer clear of them, Mister Worf...
Transmit a wide band co-variant signal. That'll get his attention.
It's good to have you back, Worf.  Slow to one-third. Take us in.
Worf, what the hell are you doing here?
Counselor?
You have two days to become experts... Mister Worf, your job and mine will be to find a plan to safely capture Data.
Better have the chef whip up a light balsamic vinaigrette... something that goes well with chrysanthemums...
Say the greeting again...
