That's your expert opinion?
Will that stop the tear?
If we don't outrun them, the manifolds are going to be the only thing left of this ship.
Full impulse.
A photon torpedo.  Isn't that the universal greeting when communications are down?
It's our only way out of here, Mister Nara.
The purpose being I intend to shove it down the Son'a's throat.
Eject the core.
On screen.
Why not?
Blow out the ramscoop. Stand by full thrusters.
We're through running from these bastards.
Remind me to lodge a protest...
Yes, we do.  You're relieved, Ensign. Take over at Ops.
What's inside that nebula cluster?
How long 'til they reach us?
The Council has ordered a halt to the Ba'ku relocation while they conduct a top-level review.
Fat chance. I'll post it on every monitor on the ship...
You must be planning on doing some hunting.
Aye, sir.
You Klingons never do anything small, do you...
Admiral Dougherty wants to know why we haven't left yet...
The only unusual readings were low levels of metaphasic radiation from interstellar dust across the region...
Nothing dangerous turned up in the astrometric survey...
... and gorgonzolla cheese.
Commander Riker...
Deck ten.
The Diplomatic Corps is busy with Dominion negotiations.
They need us to mediate some territorial dispute...
All hands. Battle stations!
Augh?
What I need, I can't get from Doctor Crusher...  Counselor, do you think it's possible for two people to go back in time to fix a mistake they've made?
... I'm not sleeping well...
Both.  I think I'm having a mid-life crisis...
Or you could try lying down.
But it's comfortable.
Got a minute? I... need a little counseling.  First time for everything. Do I... lie down... or what?
If that's true, they're a dying race.
It says here that some form of genetic damage has apparently prevented the Son'a from procreating...
What you're doing to my neck...
You haven't done that in a long time...
Good question.
You're in luck... it says here they've taken women from several races as indentured servants.
Nomadic, collectors of precious metals, jewels...
Wine, women and song.
I don't see anything to suggest the Son'a have any interest in sociology...
Why was Data assigned?
