I do not take orders from you.
It is not over.
In six hours, every living thing in this system will be dead or dying.
Picard's first officer. Do you really believe he'll listen?
Federation support, Federation procedures, Federation rules... look in the mirror, Admiral... the Federation is old... in the last twenty four months, it's been challenged by every major power in the quadrant -- the Borg, the Cardassians, the Dominion... they all smell the scent of death on the Federation. That's why you've embraced our offer... because it will give your dear Federation new life. Well, how badly do you want it, Admiral? Because there are hard choices to be made now. If the Enterprise gets through with news about their brave Captain's valiant struggle on behalf of the defenseless Ba'ku, your Federation politicians will waver, your Federation opinion polls will open a public debate, your Federation allies will want their say... need I go on?
Talk... we should send down an assault team and take them by force.
It isn't safe for you to remain in this area.
Your android has turned dangerously violent, Captain... Considerable damage was done to my ship. He must be destroyed.
Your self-restraint puzzles me, Admiral. You continue to deny yourself every benefit this mission has to offer...
Take us into a high orbit.  Lie down, Admiral. The girls will take twenty years off your face...
Planet's population. Six hundred people. You want to avoid unnecessary risks? Next time leave your android home.
Your Federation procedures have made this mission ten times as difficult as it needed to be...
Thank-you for reminding me.
Separate the Starfleet personnel and secure them in the aft cargo hold... see that Picard joins them...
No one hated them more than you, Gal'na.  We've come a long way together. This is the moment we've planned for so many years...
Deploy the collector.
Admiral Dougherty will not be joining us for diner. Deploy the collector.  Do you have a problem with those orders?
We'd have to tag every one of them... that would take time... and we don't have it. The Enterprise is only nineteen hours from communications range with the Federation...
Recommendations?
We're not waiting until morning... take the shuttles and get everyone off the surface tonight.
The injector performs perfectly in every simulation...
I'm sure. Just don't forget what they did to us.  We'll have them rounded up in a day or two... we needn't bother with the Federation holo-ship any more. Just get the holding cells ready.
Gallatin! So the righteous Starfleet Captain finally released you. Did you encounter any problems on the surface?
Isolate one and re-route its command sequence through the auxiliary processor...
This ship is equipped with fourteen long range transporters... are they all useless...?
Your scanners must be malfunctioning.
Exactly as the simulations predicted...
Initiate launch sequence.
