I'll do it.
Oh, well...  It came from the heart.
Sorry.
Sorry, coach.
-- Thanks, coach --
Thanks coach.
I'm not good in math.
...okay...
Like what?
Uh...you know, my friends call me Nova -- as in Casanova.
Suck me...beautiful?
There's something about the spring that's just cool.  Like the smell of fresh rain or something.
Great evening, isn't it?
I can't think of anything to say that's not cheesy.
I know, it sucks!
You called me Oz.
No, see Heather, what I realized is that...with you, it's not like I'm running towards the goal, trying to figure out the best way to score.  And this may sound corny, but --
No, that's not what I mean.  I mean -- look.  You know what made me leave that game?  Coach was giving this speech, about not slacking off when you see the opportunity to score.
It's gonna sound really bad, but I want you to know.
There's something I've been meaning to tell you, Heather.
No.  I'm missing the game for you.
I'm not playing.
Alright...yeah...thanks for understanding.  So I guess...I'll see you later.
I'm sorry, I totally spaced.  I just...I didn't realize it...
...I've got this lacrosse game.  It's really important, it's our last game. And you know, Central almost beat us last time, so I really want to kick their ass, and it's like cool because we're gonna get to play at State, which means that after the game I might be able to stop by...
You -- oh, you mean -- yeah, East Lansing and Ann Arbor.
I know.  Salt and pepper?
Well, you're not.  Oil and vinegar?
Well, I mean, business is okay, and lacrosse is awesome, but what am I gonna be, a pro lacrosse player?  I really have no idea.
Well, State's got a good business school.  And I can probably walk onto the lacrosse team.  Green peppers?
You want onions?
Onions?
So you're going to Michigan?
My dad's always here running the store, busy and stuff...and I fill in once a week so he can get a night off.
Ah, he's always too heavy on the vinegar.  If you really want a good one, you gotta let me make it.
Uh...my dad's the manager.
...okay.  Cool then.  I'm um, I'm glad you came by.  I mean, really.
You talked to Stifler?
How did you know I was here?
Because I want to.
I wasn't making fun of you.
What?  No I'm not.
What?!
You don't like it?
Nice car.
Alright, cool.  I gotta hit the showers, but...I think this'll be really good.
Neither will I.
Forget it.
You can call me Ostreicher.
You can call me Oz.
Hey, what're you doing here?
I just -- realized that I didn't know anything about you.  I was interested.
Yeah...so like, what else <u>do</u> you do?
I mean it really bothers me when people try to pigeonhole me like that.
Oh sure.  I know what people think. It's like, Oz, he's just this kickass lacrosse player -- I also play football, by the way -- But that's like...not <u>all</u> that I am.
Yeah.  Right, uh-huh.  I feel like I've discovered this whole new side of me.  Music is so expressive.
Really?  Hey, thanks -- Heather, right?
After high school.
It's true.  I mean, after this, everything'll be different.
I know.
I'll just say that we had a great night together.
Come on, Kevin.  Vicky's looking for you.
I still think you're okay.
You've still got a chance with Nadia, right?
You can do that?
Hey guys, you came to watch me in action?
Oh that's really reassuring.  And don't call me Nova anymore.  I'm a fraud.
Feels like warm apple pie, dude.
Shortstop.  'Course, you don't make it to third, and you're out.
Who cares?
Bli-hinded by the light -- cut loose like a deuce, another runner in the night, blinded...
"Fun loving" -- insane.
You guys got the Latin homework?
Is there anything you don't jerk off to?
She's a <u>cartoon</u>, dude.
She's a mermaid, dude.
Illegal channels?  Shit, if there's any channel that should be illegal, it's whatever that women's channel is. Lifetime Supply of Pantyhose, or some shit.
Fuck yeah we will.
I think we're falling in love.
Yeah.  So you want double condiments on that?
And by the way, Sherman didn't even get laid.
...Guess what?
Kevin, it was just a --
Dammit, Kevin, what's with the attitude?
Okay, explain.
What reputation?
So does your tongue cramp up?
Dude, prom sucks.
The Sha-lin masters from east and west must unite!
Dude, it's not like I haven't been trying to get laid.
No shit, I'm never gonna get laid. How the hell am I gonna become this Mr. Sensitive Man?
I'm such a loser.
Contact, dude.
It's early Springsteen, dude, this is classic.  This was before the cheesy remake.
And little hurly-burly came by in her curly-wurly, and asked me if I needed I ri-hide --
Dude, I wish you wouldn't do that.
Once, in church, dude.
Oh shit dude, the L-word!
Our last game is this Saturday.
Come on, you know the words, sing along.
Hey, you know, what can I say, I dig those cute little sweaters she wears.
Stifler, fuck --  ...man, you don't have to be so insensitive.
<u>Yeah</u>!
Dude, watch me work.  They go for sensitive studs like me.
This place is an untapped resource. Check it out, dude, these vocal jazz girls are <u>hot</u>.
Keep it down, dude.
Shut the fuck up.
Dude, he does not.
She works part-time at my dad's store.
Dude, it's gotta happen -- she's a college chick!
Nah, gave her the Heisman.  I'm working on something new.
Depends if my date wants to stop by.
Stifler!!
