This could all be a coincidence, but, you know something, I don't believe in coincidences. That's why I came back.  Do you think the UNSUB -- we're not going to mention the word Zorro -- met Harold Speck online?
Don't say that. Don't even think that. The next thing we'll be hearing about "Zorro Killer" in the media -- this hasn't gotten out, has it?
He said it was a clue?
Let's take a look at it.  Drop off my stuff at the hotel after you're done here.
You have the photo from the diner?
What's with the eyelids?
What about his killer?
Mackelway, I could understand. He is over-emotional by nature, but you, Agent Kulok, you had a shining career in front of you.
What are you doing?
Another what?
What?
Smarter than us.
We didn't know Speck was a serial, the police didn't know, his wife didn't know -- so how did the killer know?
Chuck, hello.  This is Agent Kulok. She has a background in medical forensics.
Dick Low's a killer too.
Hawkins isn't the target, Richard Low's the target.
We'll wait. Get online with Low, inform him of Zero's route -- we'll set a trap for him.
Have you told Richard Low about Amarillo?
He's got you believing in Zero now too.
As far as the public knows, Richard Low is dead. And he will stay dead until we kill him.
Watch out for Dick Low, he's a liar; he has his own world. There was a Junior Agent in Seattle, not unlike you, an Agent who fell under Dick's spell. He'd have done anything for Agent Low. Richard got this Agent to take a suspect to the crime scene, beat him up, force a confession -- all unauthorized, all illegal.  The Agent died that night, killed by the suspect. Richard Low got him killed. Worst of all, we had to hush it up, let the suspect go. The suspect was George Sheldon, the second man Richard killed.
There was talk of a file photo.
That breaks my confidentiality stipulation.
I'm told you've asked for a Bureau cross-check of flight records to and from El Paso, Ft. Myers, Omaha, the Murman murder time frames.
You didn't tell anyone where you were?
Why did you go to Chicago?
I want to catch Dick Low, more than you can imagine, but I cannot risk going public. What happens when the media finds out that a former FBI Special Agent, a founder of the Behavioral Sciences Unit, is not dead, but instead alive and killing people, not ordinary people, but, even worse, serial killers, making him some sort of white knight vigilante?  You keep at it. We'll find him, we'll find him in our own way.
How do you send out an APB on a dead man?
We're waiting for trace evidence results on the Rice killing.
Collected shoes too?
It was neither a valid concept nor a valid fact. Suspect Zero came to represent every killer Dick Low had not caught. The idea took root in his head like a wild irrational vine. For someone like Low, there would always be a Suspect Zero. We couldn't let Richard go where that idea was taking him.
I suspected, but you were the one Low contacted. That's why I brought you back here.
Both in the last year. I suspected only someone as brilliant as Dick Low could find these guys.  Look, whatever Daitz told you, nobody wanted to strip Richard of his badge. You have to get close to be good at what he did, the trick is not to get too close.
Dunlevy said there was another case, Ron Rice. In fact, there were two earlier cases where serials were murdered. The second was George Sheldon. I didn't enter it into VICAP -- I'll get you the file.
We had every reason to believe he was on that plane. He was supposed to be on the plane. Everything was incinerated, it was two weeks before we reached the crash site. We, the Director and I, decided it was in everyone's best interest to declare Dick Low dead. That way he could exit a hero.
That gasbag. I can imagine what he said. I'm not ashamed to admit that most of what I know about criminal profiling started with Richard Low. I have also, over the years, I admit, taken credit for many of his accomplishments. He was the most brilliant law enforcement individual I ever met.
"Murman" was the alter identity of William Heirens, the original "Catch Me Before I Kill Again" killer. Short for "Murder Man." It was the case that got Richard Low and I started in this field.
Mack the Mouth at a loss for words.
I don't believe this.
Okay, Harold Speck: who goes first?
You feeling okay, Agent Mackelway?
I always meant to ask, what is it that makes you so special? Why is it you have this special rapport with multiple killers? Why you?
I'll take it into consideration.
You didn't like anyone looking over your shoulder -- why was that? What were you doing?
Agent Mackelway, you're going to get your wish. You're going back to Washington. I want you back in Computer Crimes. Fire up those chat rooms.
The cut on your arm -- mind if we remove the bandage?
Do you think he singled you out?
Agent Kulok and I were in O'Hare when we heard.
How do you feel, Agent
Its called insubordination.
You refused to comply with a direct order.
The Federal Bureau of Investigation is not based on personal preference. We share information.
I might point out, Agent Mackelway, the reason we haven't been able to crack those rooms is that you refused to share that information with us -- which is also why you were reassigned.
I'll relay this to CIIAC.
From the grave?
Who?
This better be important.
Shut the fuck up or I'll shut you up.
Listen to this guy? Can you believe this? He'll never change. Born a liar, first word out of his mouth was a lie. Make up a story, always a story, any goddamn story, to save his ass.
You are so fucked up.
You're a disgrace to law enforcement, to the Bureau -- and to me.
Don't you touch him.
Thank you, Rangers.  Put this man in the unmarked.
