I've been looking for you.
You're going to miss it. Pay attention.
Calm down, Harold.  Okay, here's what we're going to do, Harold: there's a pull off up ahead, we're going to stop there.
What's wrong with me?
Not bad, huh?
Take a look, Harold. Tell me if you see anything you want. You do like to look, don't you?
Fucking. I'm talking about fucking, Harold. You ever think of fucking other women?
You know, you ever think about other women?
You must get lonely. You ever think about, you know...
About your being away all the time. Must get lonely.
Just gettin' a jolt of java before headin' on home?  How does your wife feel about it?
Whole country or just hereabouts?
You must travel a lot, huh?
Sorry. I've seen you in here. Always lugging that case around.  Whatja sell?
Hi. What's in the case?
You have to save this boy. Good exists in this world. I can prove it because you can, in your life, save this one person.
Agent Kulok, that boy, as we speak, is in Hawkins' truck, probably still alive, in a dark refrigerated compartment, shivering in just a T- shirt: put yourself in his mind, freezing, terrified, wanting his mother. Put yourself in his mother's place, desperate, imagining the worst is happening as she pleads, back there at the rest stop, for someone, anyone, to listen to her. This is not hypothetical, this is real. It is happening now and you can do something about it.
When I was at the rest stop, there was a young boy, maybe ten, and his mother. Darryl Hawkins, Zero, abducted the boy in the men's room. I tried to stop him. He cold-cocked me --
Suspect Zero, now there's an idea that doesn't look good on paper --
How did a girl like me end up in a place like this?  The Deputy Director here, he believes in Tough Love. A cop's cop. Shape up or ship out, righto? Agent Kulok, when you get a chance you might want to check the victims of the recent serials. You'll find that some of them have been credited to other killers, some years ago. That's a Dave Koessler trick, find a pliant sociopath, preferably a dead one, attribute to him unsolved cases, clean up the backlog-looks great in the yearly report.
You better hope the Director doesn't stop abruptly one day, David, you might break your nose.
Miss me, Dave?
Bitch! Cunt! Please, please, please don't do this, Agent Kulok. You need me.
No weapon.
Uncuff me. What's wrong with you? Don't you want to save the boy?
Of course he does. Now get the key, get these things off me.  Unhook me.
Unlock these cuffs.
Agent Kulok, could you wipe my face?
Agent...
Was it Zero?
The boy's okay. I saw him...
Is he dead?
Yeah, problem was, I had the only copy. See ya.
This guy, Zero, he drifts around, that's how they all start, drifting around, their minds filling up with fantasies. He thinks he's real smart, laughs at us, laughs at his victims. But he has left a trail, and the trail is somewhere in those names. You know how to reach me.  Take my advice, when dealing with these FBI tight-asses, go by the book. That's what I did.
We're alike. We are hunters. We have the gift. It's ancient times all over again. We stand between order and chaos. I need help. I can't carry on alone.
I know you, Lionheart. I watched your mind work, heard your dirty thoughts --
You did. You were with her when she disappeared, right? She took you to the mall or the movies, you turn around and she's gone.
If you won't do it for me, do it for your cousin, Nadine, right? The girl in the pink sweater.
There's someone out there, Mack, I know, some man killing for the fun of it, sniffing human glue, without regard to age or sex, without predicable M.O. Someone who has a way to dispose of the bodies. You have access, you can call up local authorities, check morgues, conduct interviews. Be my man.
Please. You can't hide from me, sonny. I invented the questionnaire. I can tell those who talk from those who do it in the time it takes you to fart.
And who else did I find? Agent Thomas Mackelway, crackerjack FBI techie. I was greatly disappointed when you were re-assigned.
After my hiatus, after I got my priorities readjusted, I drifted online, started tracking porn chat rooms, looking for Zero. Got accepted, came across these boys swapping stories, pictures, downloads. Never found Zero, but I did come across some Class A scumbags.
Of course not. They're possibles. I've checked them against Bureau records, check them against your file. How did you get it?
It's my master list of missing persons: men, boys, girls, children over the last ten years. Two hundred and eighty-five names. A pool of possible victims.
Hum a tune and I'll sing to it.
You're a smart guy. Tell me what it says.
Was I afraid of Dave Koessler? Not likely. I told you, I'd gotten a bit obsessive. It was an opportunity to back off, think things through.  Where's the file?
Deputy Director Koessler opposed the theory because it meant pressing the legal envelope, risking high-profile failure. Better to get rid of me. Then he could be Mr. Serial Killer, Mr. Authority on Deviant Behavior -- no embarrassing questions about the contribution of one Richard Low. Do you really think that plane crashed by accident? Do you really think I wasn't on it by accident? I've always had a good sense of intuition.
I'm not sure, exactly. I had monsters on the brain. I wanted to get these guys, every one of them. I got obsessive.
He always had a weakness in that area. I saw it the first time I met him. We all had our weaknesses, I guess. Daitz wanted the money. With Dave it was the glory. Koessler saw the Behavioral Sciences Unit as a stepping stone to bigger and better bureaucratic things. He had his eye on the Director's job, even then. Catching killers was a means to an end for them.
He couldn't break an egg with a hammer. He still writing those crime porn books?
How's the arm?
Dave Koessler must have you jumping through hoops.
When you exit, head east on 10th.
This is Richard Low. Stay on the phone. Do not disconnect. I'm watching you. I will instruct you where to drive.
Agent Mackelway?
I'll give you a little hint. You're a smart guy, figure it out.
The little piggie speaks.
