Testa?
Besides that.
Was this him?
Does Koessler know about the Suspect Zero theory?
Pacific Northwest is a hotbed for serials.
No.
Have you had a chance to think about --
I want the autopsy report, where is it, Minnesota?
You have the body?
What?
I want to talk about the Karen Sumpter case.
Sheriff Dylan, this is FBI Agent Thomas Mackelway. Remember me?
Tape it off, we'll want to fine-tooth- comb it. My guess is that the UNSUB is having us on. He checks in, pays, picks up the key, but never walks inside. Tell me if I'm wrong.
The room key's in the car. On the seat.
Let's take a look.
What does the Manager say?
Hey, Sheriff.
I'm on my way.
You tell me.
Oh Jesus, Sheriff, I am sorry. I meant to call you -- I got distracted -- the Sumpter girl was not one of Speck's victims. That's the good news.
Agent Mackelway.
This isn't in our database?
You're thinking...?
I'd appreciate it if you kept this to yourself.
I hope that wasn't a joke because I can assure you, from personal experience, the FBI does not have a sense of humor.
Where's the Nuevo American Diner?
Excuse me, a salesman gets done in his car and you call the FBI?
You run the plates?
We need to run this through VICAP, search for similar burns.
Turn the body over. There was something in the autopsy report, yes, here.  These burn marks.
I'm sorry. This won't take long.
Put a BOLO out on that.
What kind?
He was sitting here?
How did you know he was a construction worker?
What did he look like?
The man who was with him, he was a construction worker?
You're as crazy as he is! He's right! You don't give a damn about saving lives at all! Fuck you!
There's a killer out there -- we know who he is. He could be stalking now.
What about Zero, Darryl Hawkins?
I can't. The chat room isn't open for another five days.
I need to get to Amarillo immediately.
I understand.
In Ft. Myers before your instruction. Nowhere else, sir.
I didn't use Low's name.
I was looking for a pattern.
An oversight, sir, I apologize. I felt I needed to get away for a day. The pressure. Paid for my own ticket.
I was visiting an old college friend.
Huh?, sir.
We need to put out an NCIC inquiry.
I got a look in Testa's computer. His screen name was "Imelda." Have to give him that, had a sense of humor.
What did you think of the Suspect Zero theory?
You knew the arm slash was not "Zorro."
How long ago?
You suspected all along, suspected he was alive. That's why you came to El Paso.
"Was?"
I spoke with Lloyd Daitz.
I'm hesitant to...
Nothing concrete. Nothing I'd... well, nothing.
Had trouble sleeping last night, sir.
They like my stories. They like the way I think. They're into fantasy. I turn them on.
What I do requires confidentiality.
If my Reporting Agent could be someone outside Computer Crimes, perhaps Agent Kulok?
This time, sir, if I may be so bold, would it be possible to set up my equipment outside CIIAC, perhaps in military housing at Quantico? I didn't get along very well with the other members of the Division. We thought differently.
Go ahead.
No, just coincidence. He knew who I was, of course. He had my ID -- did he keep it?
He got away. I had him. He got away.
Pretty embarrassed, to be honest. I had him.
Then why do I still have a badge?
I was lucky to find, much less crack, the address code -- no way to be sure I could have done it again.
Let some by-the-book J. Edgar Agents go into the chat room, spook these guys with stupid questions, blow my cover? -- no way.
I had gotten their trust. We were sharing fantasies. I couldn't risk it.
They don't know how to crack these secret chat rooms --
MyDick.
Speck. Harold Speck.
I think I talked to him.
Look, sorry. Don't say a word.  I know this is improper. I've been trying to speak with Deputy Director Koessler. I left a message. I must speak with you before you go back to Washington.
I'm going to Amarillo.
Get the routes of all refrigerated trucks over the last ten years. We've got three disappearance cities and dates, three parallel discovery cities. Get into the mainframe, let it crunch this information.
Zero abducts victims all over the country, kills them, keeps them refrigerated for days, weeks, even months, then buries them hundreds, thousands of miles away. Karen Sumpter was buried, washed up in a flood. Evans was buried. When we get Zero, we'll find boneyards all across the country.
Jaime --
I've got to take a piss.
I haven't changed anything.  Damn.
But it was your idea: "use Zero," you said, use Zero to get Low.
That's what Koessler wants us to believe. To discredit Low.
Low calls him Suspect Zero.
Burn marks. The original M.E. listed it as "burn residue." Same place, the outer thigh, as Karen Sumpter. The UNSUB is able to abduct, kill, transport and bury without detection.
Yeah, of course.
Hardly anyone calls me Tom. Everybody calls me Mack. I always liked that.
But why this pattern?
Jaime, do you think, when this is all over, when we're in different divisions, you think maybe you and me, we could try again?
I got an autopsy report from El Paso that doesn't seem right. A girl on Low's list. Karen Sumpter. We're getting a court order to exhume to body. I'd like you to come and look at it.  Don't worry, I've cleared it.
They say Richard Low is wrong, but because of him, women, innocent women, are alive who would be dead.
It's too late for that. I've gone ahead of the curve on this one. There's no turning back. When this is over, Koessler is going to be right or Low is going to be right or I'm going to be right, but not all of us.
I've decided to investigate Low's plane crash. While I'm at it, I thought I'd look at the cases Koessler worked with Low.
Probably. I told him Koessler had ordered the report, kept it secret.
I need something tangible. To hook him. I told him I'd found the confidential file on the Suspect Zero theory.
You were right. He found me.
I met with Richard Low.  These are names of missing persons he has flagged. I'm double-checking every case, but I don't want to be too obvious about it. I marked the ones I'd like you to work on.
I guess I'm a little paranoid.
That's a crackpot theory. Everybody says so.
Start killing people for real?
My watch. He toyed with me. He sent me to Chicago.
What's up?
Jaime? Where are you?
Don't confuse what we do with who we are.
Not the way I can.
I found a peephole into Deviant World. I'm gonna reach in and yank some of those creeps out.
What's that?
That's true.
Oh.
I can't. They trust me, they accept me. I've got their confidence.
You did.
No, Jaime, I apologize. I didn't... I had no right to speak to you like that.
Murman and Imelda had been slipping into a private chat room. Low had poor old Testa drooling on the keyboard. Abduction fantasies, voyeurism, mutilation, teasing him with fetish elements. He is very good. I think it's safe to say Richard Low is Murman.
Did they disconnect Testa's computer?
You mean --
The tattoo?
Jesus.
We got an UNSUB walking around with four feet?
Find the feet?
Not about coming to see Daitz?
What did you tell him?
Does Koessler ask about me?
I know.
"Intra-Agency fraternizing."
Oh yeah, I forgot.
Why did Koessler assign you as my liaison?
You must really think I'm a square, a computer nerd.
When you were his student? Did he come on to you?
I saw him on a talk show once, talking about these killers like they were his friends. Not the victims, not the families of the victims, he doesn't talk about them. Blood money, that's what it is.  Did he hit on you?
I ever get like that, just take me out in back and shoot me.
That's because he's a fucking wacko. Never met a self-promotion scheme he didn't like. What's he doing now?
None. Can't find a thing. Nothing on file, nothing online. It's not a part of any known killer's signature.
Every cop has a story and every story has a girl. The girl in my story was fifteen years-old. She wore a pink angora sweater -- I can still see it -- one day, she disappeared. I told the police she wouldn't run away, I told them who to look for, but I was just a kid. I sat in the police station crying and crying. My parents took me home. The girl was my cousin and the man who abducted her was a teacher I'd had. He kept her alive a week before he killed her. The police could have saved her. Every time I see a photo of a victim I see her. That's what I want to do. I want to save her.
Take it to the next level. What are his fantasies, what turns him on, what kind of pornography does he like? If he could act out his fantasies, what would he do? Imagine yourself one of his victims, realizing your life is in his hands. What is he thinking?
He thinks he looks young.
Look at this fellow... or this one.
What's that?
I was interested in two things: computers and crime. They sort of came together.
People end up in occupations for a reason. They may think not, but they do: occupations define us.
Taking a Stryker saw, cutting off the top of someone's cranium, pulling the brain out -- what's that, a day in Spring?
Chat jargon for moving from fantasy to real victims: "I went live last month."
No, no, no, most of them -- I used to think all of them -- are just fantasists, guys who get off telling degrading stories. When I came across this fugitive chat room, listened in, I started to think some might actually be real, that they'd gone live. The challenge was to figure out which was which. Then I had my disagreement with Koessler.
Working the net isn't that different from ordinary undercover work. You go into the community, walk their walk, talk their talk, gain their confidence.
The other reason?
That's the beauty of the system. This is a fugitive chat room. It moves from place to place, chat rooms that are normally empty at certain hours: a gardening website, Chaucer buffs, a dating service. A pre- arranged code shows up in one of fifty porn rooms -- that's where I stumbled across it -- notifying "friends" to meet at a certain time, usually midnight to three Eastern Standard, at a certain website -- a deserted chat room, say, "How to Plant Perennials." Come Tuesday, twelve a.m., bingo, these like-minded deviates log on and start yakking it up: explicit sex crime gossip, who did what to whom, who wants to do what, when, why and how.
Setting up. Technically, anyone in a chat room can be traced back to a screen address. But, by using punters, a correspondent literally punts his address around the world, through computers in countries that have no communication treaties. The correspondent becomes "ghosted," invisible.
The man knew how to dress.
Yes I do.
Where's my watch? It's gone.
That information's being withheld from the media.
This is no random killing, no one shot deal. The UNSUB has killed before; he's good at it. So what do we have?  We have someone who has killed before who kills someone who kills: a serial killer of a serial killer -- and who wants the FBI to know he exists.
Yeah, you know the vic's car, he was killed this side of the state line, the car then pushed across the border. This by an Unknown Subject, presumably the killer, who left no fucking evidence except the snapshot, which may or may not have been accidental.
Why did he come out here? What's going on?
You work with Koessler?
How long have you been downtown?
The Academy, then CIIAC.
Maybe I shouldn't put it that way. I'm on my best behavior. I've got to watch what I say.
They sort of got me on shit detail, no offense.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You? You went by the book?
Maybe you should back off.
Those were just fantasies.
It was the mall.
Who told you about her?
I already have an employer.
You knew it was me all along?
How do you know who's real and who's not?
Daitz hinted it existed. It was a matter of forming the request in the proper terms.
Zero killed them all?
The file, however, was kept open after your death. NPE disappearances, No Plausible Explanation, were sometimes filed there, deleted if the bodies were found.
"Agent Low's theory of Suspect Zero, the undetected serial killer, is delusional, the product of good intentions, paranoia and obsession..."
I don't carry it with me.
So you went underground?
Suspect Zero?
What was your weakness, sir?
He's moved on to TV.
I've been reading, hearing about you. I spoke to Koessler, Professor Daitz.
I believe it is you, sir, who has us jumping through hoops.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
Who are you?
How did you know Speck was a killer?
Leave this room, I'll go back with you, blow your cover.
I want to go live with you.
George Sheldon? The second serial killer killed in the manner of his killings. The crime scene profile was never entered into VICAP. At whose request? David Koessler.
Not everything is imputed to memory. The most confidential stuff is kept top secret hard copy. Why would the Zero file be kept secret?
I've located the Suspect Zero file. Did you know there was one? Koessler ordered it as part of your evaluation.
I want to help you.
Let's talk about Zero.
Let's go someplace private, Murman, I have something for you.
Haven't had any, but I'm willing to try.
If I owe, I will go.
I've been to Chicago.
Lead the way, Murman.
Something came up, Murman, my man.
Whatever happened to MyDick?
Lionheart here. I'm back. Sorry about the absence. I had to do some therapy at the crossbar hotel.
Deputy Director Koessler doesn't want Zero. All he cares about is Low.
I don't think you understand.
This man, Hawkins, has killed dozens of people. Suspect Zero.
Locate a jet, we're going to Amarillo.
Now, Mr. Hawkins, when last in Amarillo, where did you get gas?
How far is Amarillo?
He wants us to know he's out there, what he's doing. It's not enough just to kill somebody like Speck, he wants us to know he did it.
I talked to him.
Eight, nine months ago. When I was at Computer Crime. I got into a chat room with someone named MyDick. I'd talked to him before. Everything I saw yesterday, everything in the autopsies, it's identical. The forensics are dead on. MyDick's fantasies involved a hog-tie rig, nylon cord, torture with pliers, rip the nipples -- when the "item" screams, she chokes. He had a thing about eyes, always the eyes -- stab their eyes. It's the same guy. Speck was MyDick.
MyDick. As in my dick. That was his screen name.
No.
Koessler?
Headed there now. The same shift will be on at noon.
Yes, sir.
I like working for the Bureau, sir. I like catching bad guys. It's all I care about.
I wished to be reinstated at Computer Crimes. I was undiplomatic in my request.
Four hundred and sixty, sir.
I screwed up twice, sir.
Updating the condition of all Bureau- owned vehicles in the southwest sector, sir.
Thomas Mackelway.
I believe it's in my file, sir.
Yes, sir.
Good morning, sir. Agent Salinas, sir.
It's over for you.
He's a brilliant man. Brilliant enough to catch you.
I'm Agent Thomas Mackelway, FBI. There is no way you will escape. Assistant Deputy Director Richard Low is en route with another Agent.  You may know Low by another name. You may know him by the name Murman. I am Lionheart.
