The diner?
Anybody talk to the press?
Agents Duncan, Mackelway.  Anything new?
Agent Duncan, there's an interstate issue up on 54, run out there.
Takes four days to chill, then its time to come back.  Is that...?
That's the thing. Don't know if it connects, but Harold here had a thing about eyes. Two of the victims had their eyes gouged out, another punctured. Took polaroids after.
This is Agent Mackelway.
I appreciate it, doctor. You know how it is, press screaming for answers, Washington's all over me.  Ever handle a serial case?
I'm not in the mood for Native American wisdom.
Just hospital talk. Nothing that connects to Speck.
Maybe something to do with Zorro.
At the field office.
Nada. Vague description, that's all. Fine-tooth-combed Speck's car, the diner: no fingerprints, no trace evidence.
Speck's the killer all right. We got box loads of evidence. Did 'em all the same way: torture, strangulation. Prostitutes. I don't think we'll be able to write off any outstandings on him -- this is probably the full body count.
Perhaps you can explain it to him.  It's Agent Mackelway.
What is it exactly I don't understand, Agent Mackelway?
Excuse me, Agent Mackelway?
350 miles.
But why attack an Agent?
Speck is dead.
I don't...
"MyDick?"
Hope you never do. At first it feels like a sauna, by the time you hit victim four it's a fucking burning shirt factory.
The same.
This case has sent bells and alarms ringing all the way to Washington. Your old boss is coming out.
Got a vehicle?  Head north on 54. When you get to New Mexico you've gone too far.
Agent Mackelway, you want to get off your ass and do something for a change?
Jesus, just what I need, another blue flamer.  Johnny, get this boy some sun screen.
This is a first. You criticized the Deputy Director to his face and you still have a badge? You must have some one-of-a-kind skills.  Why don't you just quit? I mean, you're not going to get promoted, not wearing this jacket.
"Attitude Adjustment Issues" -- what the fuck is that supposed to mean?
I see that. Washington to Philadelphia to here. Philly's a nice station. How many agents?
"Computer Investigation and Infrastructure Assessment Center." Quantico out of MIT -- you're a techie?  Okay, you screwed up once. So did half the guys here. That's why they're here.
Sounds like fun.
Hot enough for you, Agent Mackelway? Hell's doorknob. What they got you doing?
Johnny, get this man's file. Mackelway, right?
What did you do to end up here?
So you're the new meat?
