Stay away, Sam.
Amazing, isn't it?  I even taught him to drive.
And I'm its deliverer.  Its calling card, if you will.  I follow it.  Protect it. Act as its guardian.  In a sense, Sam, so do you.
There you go trying to make sense again.  It's a curse.  Handed down through countless generations. As ageless as this celebration which you call Halloween.
She has the gift -- the blood of Thorn running through her veins.  Michael's mother had it, too.  So for six years I incubated her, prepared her for this night.  Michael has served his purpose.  And soon we will have a new progeny.
Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar.
Your madness is another man's greatness.  This is the way things have always been.  You've just been too blinded by your own reality to see.  But having you on the outside has been convenient for us in many ways.  You always did come through -- our loyal watch dog. Finding him. Bringing him back to us once he'd finished his work.  Although after you had that nasty stroke the last time, I had to go after him myself.  And what a terrible time we had getting him out of that jail cell.
Come now, Sam.  This is a gathering of old friends.  I know how difficult this must be for you -- a man of your upbringing and integrity -- but now that I'm in charge I felt it was only fair that you finally know the truth.  After all, you're the only one around here who's still in the dark, as it were.  This isn't the way I wanted to tell you, but you've really given me no other choice.
Sam, you know you never fail to amaze me.  Yesterday happily retired, today right back in the thick of things. Somehow I knew you still had it in you.
I'll meet you over there.
No one's home.  Checked it out myself.
There's more people moving eastbound down Old Reservoir Road past the elementary school.
There you are.  Who was that boy?
Sam, don't -- let them take care of her.
What is that?
Notify Haddonfield's sheriff; tell him we're on our way.  I want the entire staff on alert.  We go to code red lockdown for twenty-four hours.  If he is alive, I plan on bringing him back.
After six years?  Sam, she died with him in that explosion after the --
You don't know that for sure.  It could have been anyone.  A practical joke. Kids.
But with Rogers and his house of hacks gone, you'd make the rules.  Just think it over.
You're the only man for the job, Sam. Things haven't been the same since you left.  I'm recruiting the best psychiatric team in the country.  Old colleagues.  This is your change to finally make a difference.
We need you, Dr. Loomis.
Retiring.
As always, your keen powers of perception astound me.  And you're right.  I've come to celebrate.  After thirty-two years as Psychiatric Administrator, guess who has been named Smith's Groves new Chief of Staff.
Unlike you, Sam, I learned many years ago not to second-guess the motives of my fellow man. Remember what Freud said:  'Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar.'  Or, in this case, a drink is just a drink.
Christ, what a night!  Not even so much as a sign for five miles on that road!
