Can you take a little extended solo right about now, funk soul brotha?
Saw Bones ol' Bones on top of the hill. Rolling fat jays outta hundred dollar bills.
Damn.  It's so...fresh.
"This is the story of Jimmy Bones/Black as night and hard as stones/Gold plated deuce, like the King of Siam/Got his switchblade loose, and a diamond on his hand..." There's the switchblade and there's the diamond.  Don't know where the deuce is parked.
Boys and girls, Moms and Dads.  Children of all ages, I'd like you to meet... Jimmy Bones.
Oh yeah, I guess this would be that space that was so perfect for a recording studio.
Some flies?  I think this qualifies as way more than "some."
Ugh.  Muchos moscos, man.  This is too much.
'S up?
Take who where?  What you smokin'?
The man said just to use my imagination.  Let's see...yeah, I get it.  Potential. I can see it now.  The first major urban theme park.  Village Ghetto land. Kinda like Legoland, but made entirely from broken glass, hypodermic needles and crack vials.  Totally E-ticket.
Look around, this place is a dump!  Naw, it'd have to work to be a dump.
Yeah, in the land of the blind the one eye'd are king.
We practically paying him for the privilege of playing his club.
"Like a heartbeat/Like a love beat." Listen to the Di Franco twins there. Just the plumbing or something, fool.
I am the future.  I am all colors.  All races.  All creeds.  I am the melting pot.  I am the tossed salad.  I am post racial.
Just what army do you think the Colonel was in?  Everybody knows the whole chicken distribution network is owned by the Klan.  "Special recipe".  I'm telling you.  There's something in the batter. Say it makes a black man sterile.
The Gangster of Love don't eat no fried chicken.
Yeah right, and which ever of us is still alive at the end of the week inherits all Vincent Price's cash.
Potential toxic dump site.
"This is Patrick..."  "...And this is Patrick on crack." Imagination, my butt.  Even the space cowboy can't...
He was a local legend back in the '70's. There was a song, Stagolee kinda deal: "This is the ballad of Jimmy Bones/Black as night and hard as stone..."
You haven't?
Jimmy Bones?
And damp, too.  Let's not forget damp.
Sqweeep.  We innerup this programme to bring you this special news bulletin --  "Aliens from Reticula 3 have hijacked Patrick Peet and injected moly headcheese into his skull filling his entire brain cavity with cosmic slop..."
Gonna be le hot shit.  Pardon my Francais.  Dance club.  The Resurrection Brothers play there.  Heard of them?
Not really to live, just to play.
Need any help with those bags, Ma'am?
And some people need their medication tweaked.
