It's hers, you schmuck.  Look, Rose, I... I don't know what to say to a woman who tries to jump off the Titanic when it's not sinking, and jumps back onto it when it is... we're not dealing with logic here, I know that... but please... think about this a second.
Don't drop it Rose.
Lewis...
Rose might not want to see this, Lewis.
A hundred and one next month.
Get that outta my face.
Shit.
You are, Lewis.  You rolling?
Stay off the floor. Don't stir it up like you did yesterday.
Alright. You have my attention, Rose. Can you tell me who the woman in the picture is?
...Mrs. Calvert?
This is Brock Lovett. What can I do for you, Mrs...?
Bobby, we're launching. See these submersibles here, going in the water? Take a message.
How it's going? It's going like a first date in prison, whattaya think?!
We were pissin' in the wind the whole time.
Oh, yeah. Yeah, I'm a believer. She was there.
Then we're all meeting your grandmother for the first time.
Maybe she wants to make peace with the past.
Wait! Can you give us something go on, here. Like who had access to the safe. What about this Lovejoy guy? The valet. Did he have the combination?
If your grandma is who she says she is, she was wearing the diamond the day Titanic sank.  And that makes you my new best friend. I will happily compensate you for anything you can tell us that will lead to its recovery.
You had it the entire time?!
Rose, tell us more about the diamond. What did Hockley do with it after that?
Well, that's the general idea, my dear.
Just tell us what you can --
Nathan Hockley, right. Pittsburgh steel tycoon. For a diamond necklace his son Caledon Hockley bought in France for his fiancee... you... a week before he sailed on Titanic. And the claim was filed right after the sinking. So the diamond had to've gone down with the ship.  See the date?
I tracked it down through insurance records... and old claim that was settled under terms of absolute secrecy. Do you know who the claiment was, Rose?
Louis the Sixteenth wore a fabulous stone, called the Blue Diamond of the Crown, which disappeared in 1792, about the time Louis lost everything from the neck up. The theory goes that the crown diamond was chopped too... recut into a heart-like shape... and it became Le Coeur de la Mer. The Heart of the Ocean. Today it would be worth more than the Hope Diamond.
Would you like anything?
Is your stateroom alright?
