--By itself it is only a piece of steel. Its power comes from he who wields it. For now there is no one. Do as I have ordered!
When you threw it in, what did you see?
--Take Excalibur. Find a pool of calm water and throw the sword into it.
There is one thing left to do... Excalibur... And you must do it, Perceval. Leave my wounds, I command you.
In the name of God, of St. Michael, and St. George, I make you a knight. Rise, Sir...
Is he coming?
You are that and much more. You are its greatest knight, you are what is best in men. Now we will be together--
Lancelot, I will save you... Don't die.
Hasn't Merlin mended your wound?
They miss the battlefield. I think we do too.
Your deeds set an example for all other knights. For your gift, ask a gift of me.
I do. Rise, Lancelot, come with me.
Lancelot, how did you fare in the North?
And a great heart it is. Sir Lancelot, you will be my champion.
But your life and lands are far from here.
You are still the best knight in Christiandom. You gained a hundred advantages over me. It is I who must love you, for through your courage and patience you taught me a bitter lesson.
Thanks to God, you are alive.
So be it, to the death.
Fight me from your horse or on foot, but fight me. Your avoidance mocks me.
I will not.
Move aside!
--That is a wild boast. You lack a knight's humility.
I am King, and this is Excalibur, sword of kings from the dawn of time. Who are you, and why do you block the way?
Move aside. This is the King's road, and the knights you joined arms against were his very own.
Lancelot?... It is Lancelot!
I dreamed of him too... Merlin lives! He lives in our dreams now, in that dark and shadowy place that is as strong and real as this more solid one. He speaks to us from there.
Of Merlin?
Ready my knights for battle; they will ride with their King once more. I have lived through others far too long! Lancelot carried my honor and Guenevere my guilt. My knights have fought my causes. Mordred carries my sins. Now, at last, I will rule.
...Gawain and Perceval, Bors and Bohort, Caradoc and Ector, and all the others--lost to me. Only the echo of their voices remains in this empty hall. All I have left is the memory of their fellowship. Echoes and memories. I am a ghost of the King that once was...  ...Mordred is real, alive, my own flesh and blood. I will see him, I must.
At last...
Is this a dream? Tell me, Merlin!
Where have you been these many years? Is it true that Morgana--
What is this place, Merlin?
Quiet. You'll wake the men, and they must fight tomorrow for their very lives.
I must do it myself. I must kill them both. Lancelot and Guenevere. Will you ride with me, Merlin?
Me? I have lived by the oath of king and knight.
With all your powers, you are content to be ridiculed, laughed at...
I am alone and betrayed. By my wife, by my beloved friend, by my knights. And by you. Perhaps most of all by you. For you made me, you forged this wretched life. And like a child tired of a toy, you toss me aside, a babbling lecher trotting after my sister...
I didn't ask for poetry. Which is it?
Just yes? No mad laughter, no riddles, nothing but a simple yes? That frightens me.
Merlin, tell me. Now that Guenevere is returned to me...
Where hides evil, then, in my kingdom?
Then answer me this. For years peace has reigned in the land. Crops grow in abundance, there is no want. Every one of my subjects enjoys his portion of happiness and justice, even those whose tiresome misunderstandings we must resolve here each day. Tell me, Merlin: have we defeated evil, as it seems?
...to ride out and meet them.
Excalibur! Is it true?
You know full well there is, and I go to meet it now. Come witness my revenge.
So you were stealing their honey. They should have killed you.
I should have left you to fend for yourself.
Guenevere...
Who will it be? Put your mind to it, then.
I love her. If she would be my queen, my dreams would be answered.
...of course...
Then as knight to knight I can offer you mercy.
What?!
What book is that?
How? Where?
It's just that I have no experience, and no men to speak of. How can I--
I must find the means to save him, then. I was hoping I could ask you for a little magic help, but if it makes you so tired...
Yes, yes, I know that. Everybody does. Lord Leondegrance is my only ally among the barons and the great knights. I can't lose him.
Merlin, help me. I need your help. I don't know how--
I want to thank you.
You saved me from the arrow...
Whose son am I?
Who is Merlin?
So be it.
I cannot offer you the land, only my love...
Your mother told you that?
I recognize you only as my son, no more.
Rise, Mordred.
We fought and won battles, and now one man defeats all my knights? I will go.
Who is, then?
I did, Father. I beg your forgiveness.
Sir... Kay needed a sword. His was stolen. I saw Excalibur, and... I took it.
I left it in the tent, sir.
Forgive me, my wife, if you can. I was not born to live a man's life, but to be the stuff of future memory. The fellowship was a brief beginning, a fair time that cannot be forgotten; and because it will not be forgotten, that fair time may come again. Now once more I must ride with my knights to defend what was, and the dream of what could be.
The laws, my laws, must bind everyone, high and low, or they are not laws at all. Lancelot will come...
If I am your judge, I cannot be your champion. When I act as your King, I cannot be your husband.
The Queen will be in my charge till a champion steps forward to fight on her behalf.
Sir Gahalt, answer the Queen.
Without Lancelot?!
I will ride with Sir Kay. Lancelot, rest here.
I grant you your wish if you grant Lady Guenevere hers.
I'm going.
I didn't know Leondegrance had a daughter.
But I have to leave tomorrow. The forests are thick with rebels, invaders plunder our shores...
Ye...
