--It is the old wound, that has been opened. I have always known it would be the gateway to my death, for it has never healed. Let my heart do its job, my King, and pump me empty...
My salvation is to die a Knight of the Round Table.
Arthur.
It is deep...
But one can still keep a sword sharp riding out in the name of the King's law.
Only give me leave to ride out again, to do what I am most able to do, and happiest doing.
These men repented before God for their evil deeds. Those who would not, met their fate at the end of my sword.  Accept the fruit of my first quest as my wedding gift.
We spared the lives of a few, so they could sail home and tell their fellows what fate they met at the hands of King Arthur's knights...
My domain is here, inside this metal skin. And I would pledge to you all that I still own: muscle, bone, blood and the heart that pumps it.
I gave up my castles and my lands!
Then make me your champion and I will always fight in your place.
I, the best knight in the world, bested! This is a great day, for my search is over. I love you, my King.
It is you, sir, who knows not the virtue of humility, as a true king must.
Sir, your rage has unbalanced you. It seems you would fight to the death against a knight who is not your enemy, for a length of road you can ride around.
I sought only not to harm you, sir.
Yield. I have the advantage.
I will not. You must retreat or prove your kingship in the test of arms, under the eyes of God.
Not a boast, sir, but a curse.  Never have I met my match in joust or duel.
I am Sir Lancelot of the Lake, from across the sea. I am the best knight in the whole of Christiandom, and I look for the king who is worthy of my sword's service.
I await the King himself. His knights are in need of training.
Good day to you, sir.
The King without his sword, the land without a king...
Why didn't he kill us?
There are things about love--
The law forbids it.
I cannot love as a woman the lady who will be wife to my King and my friend. And, in pledging my love to you, I cannot love any other woman.
Yes. I would swear my love to you.
You.
There is one.
I am a fighting man and I am married to the quest. That is enough.
No.
--It must wait, child. These good ladies, for whom I intervened once, will honor me with a meal. I am beholden to them now as I was when they begged my protection.
Listen, boy, it's more than twenty days from here.
Very well. Climb up.
Just a man. A knight in the King's service.
