--Stories... You brought me back. Your love brought me back. Back to where you are now, in the land of dreams...
But, I'm here.
It is like a tree. The roots of the stones spread out across the land and they draw on the thoughts and actions of men. Like sap those human matters course through the stones feeding the stars that are the leaves of the tree. And the stars whisper back to men the future course of events.  But the earth is being torn apart, its metals stolen, and the balance is broken and the lines of power no longer converge. In fact, I nearly didn't make it in one piece.
I know. I have heard noises and echoes through the stones...
I cannot. I must not. Here I must stay.
You betray the boy who drew the sword, the boy who saw the Dragon... the Dragon who moves close by, coiling and uncoiling, restless, looking down, waiting for the King to be a king...
My powers fade, Arthur. I resort to cheap tricks...  Yes! I enjoy every moment of my foolishness, I join in the making of it, so no one can betray me. But you! You betray yourself.
That is my destiny. I have a destiny, too...
What?  The greatest? They blend together like the metals we mix to make a good sword.
A king should be afraid, always. The enemy is everywhere. Waiting in ambush in the dark corridors of his castle, on the deer paths of his forest, or in the gray and winding paths of a more tangled forest, in here.
Yes.
What is it my child?
Never where you expect it, that's all I know.
Good and evil; there is never one without the other.
At your service, sir.
The knights of Galys approach the camp. It would be politic...
The Lady of the Lake. Take it. Take it, quickly!
Come now. So much anger for such a little crime? Are you sure there is nothing else troubling you?
I had to weave a little enchantment on the bees so I could get some honey, and I didn't feel up to using any more magic just yet. Anyway, I was in less danger than you'll be in today.
You're not listening. Your heart is not. Love is deaf as well as blind.
Guenevere. And a beloved friend who will betray you.
There are maidens as fair, and fairer than Guenevere. If I put my mind to it, I could see them now, many of them, weeping for love of you, watching the hills for you coming from the high towers of their castles. Offering you their every favor. Rich, clever--but if it is to be Guenevere, so be it.
A king must marry, after all.
What's this, what's this?!
The dragon! There...
The book without pages. Open before you, all around us. You can see it in bits and pieces, for if mortal men were to see it whole and all complete in a single glance, why, it would burn him to cinders.
In the great book.
Because you must! You and only you. Have you forgotten that it was you who freed Excalibur?
Thank you.
Well there. You don't need me half as much as you think you do. You already know what must not happen.
It is whispered in the forest that...  ...Leondegrance's castle is under siege by Lot and Uryens.
'Help me, Help me.' Help me get up.
That's not why you came.
But not from your destiny.
You are the son of King Uther, and the fair Igrayne... you are King Arthur.
Speak of the devil!...
--I am the sea, which covers the desert forever under its weight.
I am the cloudburst that quenches the flames.
What's behind that beauty? A wizened, cold-hearted snake.
What do you want? You must desire it for me to weave it.
I won't. You would misuse such power. I have paid enough for you, and I will have you.
Flattery! Do you think I am ignorant of your stupid little games? Preying on you weakness of others. That's your power, a petty evil. Mine is great. Great plans. Impossible dreams. Laughable endings...
They do.
When Arthur built the castle, I carved out a place for myself, where I could laugh or sleep, and no one would bother me.
That I cannot.
Maybe... maybe...
I showed you all my conjuring tricks...
Shh... yes, yes. Sit with me, please... Morgana.
No. Yes, I am. I am jealous. I want to write poems about you with moonbeams, make the sea sing your name...
I'm not jealous!
No, no, of course not. You are young...
It is.
You left your husband's side? You left your brother's wedding?
They are not weapons, my friend, but truths. You betrayed the Duke, stole his wife and took his castle, now no one trusts you. Lot, Uryens, your allies will turn against you. Give me the child, Uther, I will protect him. Go back to your war tent.
Maybe not even that, Uther. I thought once that you were the one to unite the land under one sword. But it'll take another, a greater king...
It's not for you, Uther, hearth and home, wife and child.
You didn't ask!
The child is mine, Uther. I have come for him.
Now you must pay me.
Doing what I did for you, it wasn't easy, you know. It takes it's toll. It took nine moons to get back my strength.
--What issues from your lust will be mine. Swear it again.
I have walked my way since the beginning of time. Sometimes I give, sometimes I take. It is mine to know which, and when.
Behold the sword of power, Excalibur. Before Uther, it belonged to Lud, before Lud, to Beowulf, before Beowulf to Baldur the Good, before Baldur to Thor himself and that was when the world was young and there were more than seven colors in the rainbow.  Speak the words.
Just show the sword.
It's done. A truce. We meet at the river.
