No. You can have them.
Aw, Betty.
No.
Oh, just a old letter from a friend.
Mr. Peterson, are you sure mama wrote all this?
I know. I don't understand it either.
I'm sure you haven't done anything. Have some iced tea. How are the kids?
You're right -- that is sick.
-- for over twenty years because that's what I was taught -- you stick with it! Normal people don't get divorced. I can't remember the last time my husband made love to me so intensely that he transported me to Europe, for Christ's sake -- quite frankly, I don't think he ever did! And now I find out in between bake sales, my mother was Anais Nin!
What gets me is I'm 46 years old. I've been in this crummy fucking marriage -
Did we want to?
Was this during Betty?
I never knew that.
You never dated Kathy Reynolds!
I think I better. Between the book and the coffee, I'm this close to raping the busboy.
Boy. All these years I've resented not living the wild life in some place like Paris and all the time I could've moved back to Iowa... Are you drunk?
You mean -- she didn't like sex?
Yeah. But I thought she died.
Have you called Betty?  Maybe you should.
And do what? Live alone? Go back to school? Find someone else? Start a magazine for confused woman? ... What if I can't do any of those things?
Oh, don't feel sorry for me. Please. No one's forcing me to stay.
I don't think so. Not yet anyway. And besides, something like that doesn't make you a bad person. He reminds me of Steve in a way. Steve's weak, immoral and a liar but he's still a real nice guy. He just shouldn't be married.  At least not to me. You getting hungry? I'm hungry.
Oh, he did not. He's such a nice guy.
STOP IT!  I want to read them! If you don't want to, then just leave. But don't you push me around like I'm some mule you paid for -- I already GOT A HUSBAND!
Well, I'd like to read them.
What are you doing?
"... It's all there in the three notebooks. Read them in order. If you don't want to, I suppose that's okay too. But in that case I want you to know something -- I never stopped loving your father. He was a very good man. It's just that my love for Robert was different. He brought out something in me no one had ever brought out before, or since. He made me feel like a woman in a way few women, maybe more, ever experience..."
Sshhh. "After going through the safety deposit box, I'm sure you'll find you're way to this letter. It's hard to write this to my own children. I could let this die with the rest of me, I suppose.  But as one gets older, one fears subside. What becomes more and more important is to be known -- known for all that you were during this brief stay. Row said it seems to me to leave this earth without hose you love the most ever really knowing who you were. It's easy for a mother to love her children no matter what -- it's something that just happens. I don't know if it's as simple for children. You're all so busy being angry at us for raising you wrong. But I thought it was important to give you that chance. To give you the opportunity to love me for all that I was..."
No, I don't think so. I --
I can't believe she never told me? We spoke at least once a week. How could she do that?
Don't say that!
My Lord. It must feel real nice living inside your head with Peter Pan and the Easter Bunny.
I don't know. I'm completely in the dark here. That's what I get for moving away.
'82.
That he be cremated and his ashes thrown on Roseman Bridge.
That would be some trick. He's already dead. That's what this other letter is.  From his attorney. He left most of his things to mama and requested...
Well, he just gets on about how if mama ever needed him, she could find him through the National Geographic magazine. He as a photographer. He promises not to write again. Then all it says is...  I love you... Robert.
"-- going over and over in my mind every detail, every moment of our time together and I ask myself, "What happened to me in Madison County?" I struggle to put it together in a way that allows me to continue knowing we're on separate roads. But then I look through the lens of my camera, and you're there. I start to write an article and I find myself writing it to you. It's clear to me now we have been moving towards each other, towards those four days, all our lives --
Come here a minute.
Michael.
I remember a Mrs. Delaney but Mama told me years ago she died.
Well, there's a problem.
He's not coming.
I have some sandwich fixings if you're hungry.
Mom's orders.
