So beautiful!
Well...sure.
He told me he didn't want to leave me with regret.  Now that's all I have.
I was just thinking that war is a series of goodbyes.  Do you think that's why we're meeting.  To help us say goodbye to Rafe?
We got some soldiers in traction from a jeep accident, but it's quiet.  Except for the occasional fighter plane buzzing us.
He said you're the only one he ever saw who was better in the air than him.
You were more like brothers.
He told me about you.  That he had no other friend like you.
Were.  Isn't that what you mean?  Were. Because he's dead, isn't he?  And that's why you've come.
You take care, Dorie.
Tell me something, Dorie.  A man as big as you -- and smart too, you knew where to come when your ship couldn't help -- do you still have to fight with your fists to get respect?
What do you get for winning?
How often you fight like this?
I'm Evelyn.  And I'm just a nurse.  But I'm not playing golf, and that cut needs sewing, or else it's gonna make a big lumpy scar.  Whatta ya say?
What's your name?
Win?
How'd you get this?
Wait, let me look at that... You better come in here.
Our doctor's gone too.
It was.  I couldn't have you go away, wherever it is...to war...without knowing something.  You think I made a choice, of Danny over you.  I didn't.  I didn't have a choice.  I'm pregnant.
They were bringing back a ship full of wounded and needed extra nurses along.  I wrote Colonel Doolittle, and told him I needed to see you before you go.
That's what I have to tell you, Rafe.  It wasn't a choice.  It --
Rafe... No.  You forgive me.
Rafe --
There's nothing you can do here, they'll die or they won't, we just --
It's not that I didn't mean everything I wrote.  It's just that -- I thought you were dead.  And now --
It's not your fault, Rafe.  The letter I wrote you, they --
It's been...so different, being so sure you were dead.
I'm just...so amazed, so glad to know that you're okay.  You are okay, aren't you?
How did you?...
Why were you sitting here, instead of...
Do one thing for me, before you go.
I don't know if you can choose that, Rafe.
You waited til tonight to tell me?
But you're in the U.S. Army, how could you --
We're all going away.
It surprises me that I'm not the only one on this balcony who feels that way.
Whatever you're trying to tell me isn't good, is it.  Or it wouldn't be so hard to say.
I was hoping to meet him.
Danny's not coming?
Oh, this is Betty.
You too, Lieutenant.
