Not anxious to die, Sir, anxious to matter.
If you're patching up bullet holes right here on the runway, maybe we should skip the housekeeping and get right to the planes.
That's me, Sir.
Yes you can.
Danny...
Home of the Brave.
We'll get separated over the target, but you and I will rendezvous for the run to China.  I'm on your wing.
It's not getting any longer.
They'll turn the ship into the wind before we launch.  That'll help.
What's between you and her is between you and her.  But here's what's between you and me.  Everybody has a hero, Danny. And you're mine.
Bullshit.  We've played with each other, pushed each other.  This is different. Like you want to prove that you're better than me.  Who's that for -- Evelyn?
No.  You're trying to beat me.
Danny, what the hell are you trying to do out there?
What color flowers you want me to bring to your funeral?
I'm out of ammo!
Land of the free.
I got a half a tank.  You?
You hear my okay?
Bet they don't dust crops in Japan.
Tighter 'n a bulls ass in fly season. Don't hit the barn.
They're coming around for another pass. You got extra weapons and ammo?
What's there?
Where are we going?
Get me into a plane!
How sweet.  Is that when you put the move on her?
Fuck you.
How come you're not pukin'?
How's this for a fact?  I loved her first.
I'm saying now you do know.  So it's time for you to fuck off.
Yeah, right.  Anyway, you didn't know.
I understand how it could happen.  I know why any guy would love her.  And I can't blame you that it happened.  You thought I was dead, she was grieving, you were trying to help her.
We gotta face some facts here.
If you can't keep up, don't drink yours.
Waitress!  Four beers!
I didn't mean it.
Sorry.
Upset?  Why should I be upset?
It's a test.  If I asked her to come and she came, it wouldn't tell me anything. If I tell her not to come, and she comes...then I know she loves me.
Yeah.
I have to talk to Evelyn.  And I want you to meet her.
Danny, you know how many times I saw you come to school with a black eye or a busted nose, and couldn't do a thing about it -- for you, or for your mother... or your father, with his lungs scorched out with mustard gas, and more left of his lungs than there was of his spirit? You've made your sacrifice, Danny.  It's time I made mine.
I'm sorry, Danny, but they're only accepting the best pilots.
The Colonel helped me work it out.
Didn't you say test the limits?
There's another one!
Land of the free...
Good shooting, Danny!
It's Germans!
Bandits at 2 o'clock.
Colonel...we're all going.  Whether you make it or not.
I take it back, about the flowers.  We're all gonna die.
Bombers.
Well sure, Colonel --
Is that the good new, Sir, or --
We can explain, Colonel.
Thank you, Sir.
Thank you, Sir.
Never, Sir.  I just meant it's dangerous only for the kind of pilot who wants to show off, rather than inspire the other pilots in his unit.  And all you've done for me, Sir, working out the transfer, I did it to say thanks.  To honor you, Sir. What the French call a "homage."
How could it be irresponsible, Sir, if you were the first man in the world to do it?
It must of been a convincing letter.
What?...
Of course I forgive you.  I know what you feel for Danny is real.  And your choice is your choice.
I need to tell you something.  I didn't know what it was to lose somebody, to see death and find how much it scares you. That you haven't lived and loved enough. I didn't understand.  Forgive me.
What else can we do?
Don't worry about that.  Guys away from home, lonely, good-hearted women try to cheer them up.
It's all right.  Danny always said I see things with my emotions instead of my eyes.
I'm so sorry for what you must've gone through, but I'm back.
Nothing that won't heal.  I guess.
I called my folks, then Colonel Doolittle.  The Colonel sent a man to pick me up.  They wanted to debrief me. I told the Colonel I needed to see somebody first, and he had a supply flight heading out in an hour.  I've done a lot of talking.  You haven't said anything.
...Survive?  I jumped in a patch of fog, and nobody could see me.  I hit the water hard.  And it was so...cold.
I saw you, I couldn't go in, I...just stood there wondering if you knew.  You looked...sad, and I had to sit down a minute.
I sent telegrams, I guess the military traffic held them up.
Maybe not.  But I need you to know.  I love you.  And I will come back.  I'll find a way.  And then we'll get a chance to know if what I felt the first moment I saw you, and every minute since then, is real.
Evelyn...you know the line -- let's make tonight memorable.  What I feel about you makes it impossible for me to say something like that.  If I don't come back, I don't want to saddle you with regret and sadness you'll carry the rest of your life.
I had to tell you in person.  Because there's something else I need to say.
Colonel Doolittle pulled the strings, and put me on loan to the R.A.F.  They need pilots, and we need experience.  I leave tomorrow.
I'm going to the war.  The real war. Hitler's taken Europe.  The Brits are hanging on by their fingernails, and If they lose, there'll be more people killed than anybody can imagine.  And not just there, but here.
There's one thing I have to say.  I'm going away.
The only reason it's hard to say is that I keep thinking I don't have the right to say it.  But I've got to because it's true.  I love you.  That must surprise you.
No, he...got some news today.  He'll be okay, he just didn't feel like coming tonight.
Nice to meet you, Betty.
Hello, Lieutenant.  Good to see you.
Crank her!
Learn English, then!
And if you don't give me a plane that can handle combat, you better start learning to speak German.
All of 'em.
The struts are loose, the hydraulics are leaking, and the electrical system's shorting out in the cockpit.
