Take the girl. Leave the handcuffs. We'll drown her at sea.
...As the advertising says: Tomorrow never lies.
Chernobyl will look like a campfire.
Precisely, Mr. Bond. In a matter of minutes, the boring device will arrive at the core of the reactor...  And when the radioactive blades cut into the plutonium -
My guards are from South Africa, Mr. Bond. This is their chance to get even with the formerly 'Great' Britain.  Now both of you. Put your hands on your heads, and step forward.
Good-bye, Mister Bond.
...And what's that, my dear?
Don't pout, Sidney. I invited him here hoping he might shed some light on your story. He's from 'Lloyd's of London.'  ...Aren't you, Mr. Bond?
Your choice.  Look at the time! Come. There's someone I want you meet - about a story I'm thinking of publishing.
You see, Mr. Bond, you and I are both men of action. But your era is passing. Words are the new weapons; satellites the new artillery. And make no mistake about it: In the right hands, they can be as deadly as your Walther PPK.
Fantastic idea Mr. Bond! Perhaps I should buy it for a book! It's totally preposterous, but -  You amuse me. ...And now perhaps I can amuse you.
They're merely tools to disseminate information.
Welcome to the new world order, Mr. Bond.  Churchill had his armies; Caesar had his legions; I have my divisions:  News, sports, business, entertainment. And these are my foot soldiers:  2000 people working on 14 floors to feed 300 newspapers, 4 cable news networks, 87 magazines, and 29 different cable TV channels - in 35 languages.
Because it's a dying city. Since the Chinese take-over, who knows what can happen tomorrow?  In any case, this is my father, Charles: A royal bastard who started the first radio and television stations. Said I'd never amount to anything, but...  I turned it into this
My third great Uncle - the Earl of Aberdeen - negotiated the purchase of Hong Kong from the Chinese.  His son-in-law - George Harmsway - made the first family fortune, running opium into Shanghai...  His son, Thomas, who lost it, smoking the opium... And my grandfather Henry, who opened the first telegraph station, and published the colony's first English newspaper.  It was a city of unlimited possibility.
I call this the Rogue's gallery.
By the way - what is it that brings you to Kuala Lumpur, Mister Bond?
Still, I do miss her. I only wish she could have lived to see all this.
The only difference between a psychopath and a genius, Mr. Bond, is the degree of success.
I tried to save her. But she remained a manic depressive: Fits, inappropriate behavior... Delusions of grandeur.
Before I became involved with Paris, she was always involved with the most inappropriate' men...  Playboys. Thrill seekers. Middle aged Peter Pans who only brought out the worst in her.
Come. Let's get out of the noise.  - I'll give you a tour of the building, then we'll talk.
Mr. Bond! Nice to see you.
Oh, please, Mr. Bond. We live in the information age! Information is currency - and with the right currency, you can have any piece of information.  Besides I own the phone company. What do you say? Twenty minutes?
A piece of advice, Mr. Bond: Don't screw with a man who buys ink by the ton.  It's deadlier than uranium.
I hope you've enjoyed this little charade.
I can tell you're a man with an eye for exquisite possessions, Mr. Bond.  Darling! Come here.  I want you to meet my wife.
Always nice to meet one of her Majesty's fellow subjects...  Especially one with such distinguished friends.
Excellent.
Yes -
No -
Send him a $10,000 campaign contribution, and explain I have no control over what my journalists write -
Pencil it in for the next trip -
How sweet.
No matter what the British government says, I won't kill this story.  Miss Oxford will show both of you to the elevator... And one of my people will definitely be in touch sooner than later.
...Well! I do believe this requires further investigation!
...I see.
- But as I've explained to Sidney, without proof, there's just no story. Don't you agree Mr. Bond?
Obviously, the British government denies all of this -
I see you two have met.
You come with me -  You stay here.
A hundred and fifty years ago, my ancestors took this island - a barren, lifeless rock - and turned it into the greatest city known to modern civilization.  And now that I'm being forced to give it back, I intend to return it in exactly the same condition: A barren, lifeless rock.  The gold is merely reparations - payment from the spineless British government who wouldn't listen.
Hong Kong, Mr. Bond!
Bore through.  ...They used to say living well was the best revenge, Mr. Bond.  They're wrong.  Revenge is the best revenge.
Start the grinders.
Please, Sidney. I'd like to remember you fondly.
Excellent.
Don't worry. Mr. Bond will get the message. So will his boss.
Kill him! Finish it!
What the hell is going on?
No. I have a better idea. In fact, Mr. Bond may have actually improved my original plan.  Bring them both to Hong Kong. And Make sure he has nothing else up his sleeve.
- Built to withstand a nuclear blast.  Are they alive?
I should have hired this man.  Get somebody up there!
Get more men up there!
Good. We have an appointment in Hong Kong.
Is the helicopter ready?
Mr. Stamper will escort you to the plane.
...But because I am a just man, I've decided to give Mr. Hussein what he deserves.
You disappoint me, Number Three.
... And there's no truth that 10% of that money will go into your Swiss bank account?
...Haven't we already paid him for his services?
