Nothing is left but us.
So had I.
So did I.
All the time.
What difference does <i>that</i> make?
Did you now.
It was only a mouthful!
H'm?
Reprieve.
In my pocket.
I've got a present for you...
Almighty Jove in the shape of a swan.
Can you move over a wee bit?
He'll be looking for another apprentice.
I finished it off.
I'm cold.
Would you mind holding me in your arms for a little while?
Ah, come on now!
Can I come into bed with you for a little while, I feel terrible.
Let me in.
Living with him put years on me.
You're only a young thing.
I won't do it because he wants me to do it, even if I want to do it.
Go away.
Ah, you should see the swan! His masterpiece. Now, walk along the beach and stoop to pick up the shell.
That's your beach. This is the story. Leda walks by the shore, gathering shells.  Night comes on. She hears the beating of great wings and sees the approach of the swan. She runs away but it bears down and casts her to the ground. Curtain.
What was <i>that</i> in aid of?
She'll have to learn.
Home is where the heart is.
Don't fret. It's only his dream. Dreams aren't catching, not like measles.
Didn't you know he made things?
He made that. In his off hours.
She got away.
He can take out his smile and keep it on a shelf, but, his bite is worse than his bark, isn't that so, old fellow?
Speak when you're spoken to. He likes his women quiet.
Slip up and change into a skirt, else he'll create something terrible. Don't you want to make a good impression on your first day?
He can't abide a woman in trousers. He says a woman in trousers is a sin against nature.
I carried you up to your bed.
Curled up on the landing like love locked out!
You're spoiling your pretty looks. Come here.
Do you know you've lovely hair, even if you torment it in those braids.
Excuse me.
There's not.
You'll put your clothes here.
There's no law, as I know of, to prevent it.
You'll need to know who we are, we're the brothers of his wife, which makes us in an unsanctified kind of way, your uncles. Me name is Finn, me brother is called Francie -
