Cool down, Franco. The guy's sorry.
I guess you would, Franco.
We'll be half-way down the road with the money.
Buy yourself that island in the sun?
This was his nightmare. The dodgiest scam in a lifetime of dodgie scams being perpetrated with three of the most useless and unreliable fuck-ups in town. I knew what was going on in his mind: any trouble in London and he would dump us immediately, one way or another. He had to. If he got caught with a bagful of skag, on top of that armed robbery shit, he was going down for fifteen to twenty. Begbie was hard, but not so hard that he didn't shite it off twenty years in Saughton.
Four kilos. That's what -- Ten years' worth? Russian sailors? Mikey Forrester? What the fuck are you on these days? You've been to jail, Spud, so what's the deal -- like it so much you want to go back again?
Jesus.
Let's face it, it could have been wonderful.
Can you not go yourself.
What?
It's a scandal, Franco.
Aye, OK, Fr.  But the good times couldn't last for ever.
So, what's he like?
Happy birthday.
And what age are you? Thirteen? Fourteen?
What? Steady like?
Well, you're not going to tell anyone, are you, and besides, I thought we could meet up afterwards, maybe go somewhere together.
So long as everyone keeps their mouths shut, we'll not be getting caught.
It's so simple. We buy it at four grand, we punt it at twenty to this guy that Sick Boy knows, and he punts it at sixty. Everyone's happy, everyone's in profit. I put up two. I come away with six.
Iggy Pop is not dead. He toured last year. Tommy went to see him.
It's Iggy Pop.
You're too young.
Well, it isn't.
No.
Yes, as a matter of fact, it is.
Yes.
What do you want?
Certainly not.
Easy for you to say.
And that's what's illegal. Do you know what they do to people like me inside? They'd cut my balls off and flush them down the fucking toilet.
No, not holding hands.
Because it's illegal.
Jesus.
Come on.
What?
Christ, I haven't felt that good since Archie Gemmill scored against Holland in 1978.
Sorry.
Diane.
think I left something back at the -
Eh-
I'll come back if you like, but I'm not promising anything.
Great.
Where's that?
Where are you going, Diane?
What's your name?
Excuse me, I don't mean to harass you, but I was very impressed by the capable and stylish manner in which you dealt with that situation. I thought to myself: she's special.
I didn't either. What the fuck is it?
I bet Lizzy told him where to put it.
Eh? How's that?
What was it, pneumonia or cancer?
Exactly. Those very words have been my guiding light in what is, after all, a dark and often hostile world.
Of course, the motto, the motto --
Oh, really?
Oh, yes, indeed. I look back on my time there with great fondness and affection. The debating society, the first eleven, the soft know of willow on leather --
Indeed, yes, those halcyon days.
No problem.  No problem -- easy to say when its some other poor cunt with shite for blood.
No, I'm clean.
I'm sorry, Tommy.
Aye.
Aye.
No. Me Neither.
Following the game at all?
Are you getting out much?
Another dab?
Try this.
It's a tightrope, Spud, a fucking tightrope.
Exactly.
But try too hard --
If they think you're not trying, you're in trouble. First hint of that, they'll be on to the DSS, 'This cunt's no trying' and your Giro is fucking finished, right?
Now remember --
Good luck, Spud.
Sorry, boys, I don't have two thousand pounds.
That's tough.
But you don't have the money?
What was your price?
So we've just come from Tommy's funeral and you're telling me about a skag deal?
So?
How much?
What?
Why would I want to sell my passport?
Why?
It was my fucking television.
I can't believe you did that.
Fuck you.
You're all hear.
You're a real mate. And what about Tommy? Have you been to see him yet?
When are you going to visit him?
And I got a stitch stuck between my teeth, jerked my head back and the whole fucking stump fell off.
He made me lick it.
No, he didn't make me touch it.
What?
It wasn't that bad.
I'm cooking' up. There is a silence.
It wasn't my baby. She wasn't my baby. Baby Dawn. She wasn't mine. Spud's? Swanney's? Sick Boy's? I don't know. Maybe Allison knew. Maybe not. I wished I could think of something to say, something sympathetic, something human.
I think Allison had been screaming all day, but it hadn't really registered before. She might have been screaming for a week for all I knew. It's been days since I've heard anyone speak, though surely someone must have said something in all that time, surely to fuck someone must have.
Clear enough, Moneypenny. This should present no significant problem.
Give me the gun.
That's your theory?
Right. So we all get old and then we can't hack it any more. Is that it?
Despite the Academy award?
What about The Untouchables?
OK, OK, so what's the point you're trying to make?
So who else?
Some of his solo stuff's not bad.
What do you mean?
Roald Dahl. Fuck me.
Who wrote it?
The park?
You don't know, do you?
Who wrote it?
OK, so who was it, then?
Eh - Ian Fleming?
Lewis Gilbert.
One hundred and sixteen minutes.
Nineteen-sixty-seven.
The only drawback, or at least the principal drawback, is that you have to endure all manner of cunts telling you that -
People think it's all about misery and desperation and death and all that shite, which is not to be ignored, but what they forget - Spud is shooting up for the pleasure of it. Otherwise we wouldn't do it. After all, we're not fucking stupid. At least, we're not that fucking stupid. Take the best orgasm you ever had, multiply it by a thousand and you're still nowhere near it. When you're on junk you have only one worry: scoring. When you're off it you are suddenly obliged to worry about all sorts of other shite. Got no money: can't get pished. Got money: drinking too much. Can't get a bird: no chance of a ride. Got a bird: too much hassle. You have to worry about bills, about food, about some football team that never fucking wins, about human relationships and all the things that really don't matter when you've got a sincere and truthful junk habit.
I chose not to choose life: I chose something else. And the reasons? There are no reasons. Who need reasons when you've got heroin?
You'll have to send us a postcard.
Sounds great, Swanney.
Sure.
Great.
No, thank you. I'll proceed directly to the intravenous injection of hard drugs, please.
In that case --
Stick it on my tab.
Why, thank you.
Excellent.
What's on the menu this evening?
No, I don't think so.
That's hardly a substitute.
He's always been lacking in moral fibre.
The Sick Boy method.
I'm going to get it right this time. Going to get it set up and get off it for good.
Yeah. No more. I'm finished with that shite.
From time to time, even I have uttered the magic words.
