I'll be right after you.
I'm off for a pish. When I come back, that money's still here, OK?
Christ.
Well, why didn't you bring them?
I'm sorry.
Well, I've not brought them.
Well, I've not brought them.
What?
Did you tell him?
Come on, Mark, every cunt knows you've been saving up down in London.
We're two thousand short.
Four Grand.
So he met me and I offered to take it off his hands at a very reasonable price, with the intention of punting it on myself to a guy I know in London.
About four kilos. So he tells me. Got drunk in a pub down by the docks last week, where he met two Russian sailors. They're fucking carrying the stuff. For sale there and then, like. So he wakes up the next morning, realizes what he's done and get very fucking nervous. Wants rid of this. {---------- He's looking for Swanney to punt it, but Swanney's nowhere to be seen since he lost his leg. ---------- }
There's a mate of swanney's. Mikey Forrester -- you know the guy. He's come into some gear. A lot of gear.
It was just an idea.
Well, this guy I've met runs a hotel. Brother. Loads of contacts. Does a nice little sideline in punting British passports to foreigners. Get you a good price.
Well, Christ, if I'd known you were going to get so humpty about it, I wouldn't have bothered. Are you going to eat that?
I got a good price for it. Rents, I need the money.
And I'll tell you why. Because I'm fed up to my back teeth with losers, no-hopers, draftpacks, schemies, junkies and the like. I'm getting on with life. What are you doing?
I know a couple of addicts. Stupid wee lassies. I feed them what they need. A little bit of skag to keep them happy while the punters line up at a fiver a skull. It's easy money for me. Not exactly a fortune, but I'm thinking, 'I should be coining it here.'  Less whores, more skag. Swanney's right. Get clean, get into dealing, that's where the future lies. Set up some contacts, get a good load of skag, punt it, profit. What do you think?
Fuck you. OK, so Tommy's got the virus. Bad news, big deal. The gig goes on, or hadn't you noticed? Swanney fucks his leg up. Well, tough shit, but it could have been worse.
Don't know. Maybe Thursday.
Cut it out.
God, you're sick.
Oh no, don't even mention it.
You know.
Did he -- you know?
Eughh. Sounds horrible.
Say something, Mark, say something --
Oh, fuck. Sick Boy reaches out to Allison.
What's wrong, Allison?
Do you see the beast? Have you got it in you sights?
Yeah, Beautifully fucking illustrated.
Yeah.
That means fuck all. The sympathy vote.
I don't rate that at all.
All I'm trying to do is help you understand that The Name of the Rose is merely a blip on an otherwise uninterrupted downward trajectory.
Charlie Nicholas, David Niven, Malcolm McLaren, Elvis Presley. -
No, it's not bad, but it's not great either, is it? And in your heart you kind of know that although it sounds all right, it's actually just shite.
Well, at one time, you've got it, and then you lose it, and it's gone for ever. All walks of life: George Best, for example, had it and lost it, or David Bowie, or Lou Reed -
It's certainly a phenomenon in all walks of life.
Roald Dahl.
Tomorrow afternoon. Usual set-up.
And I wondered if you'd care to go to the park tomorrow.
But you're looking better, it has to be said. Healthier. Radiant even.
You can look it up.
Fuck off! He never wrote any of them.
Screenwriter?
Director?
Running time?
You Only Live Twice?
I would say, in those days, he was a muscular actor, in every sense, with all the presence of someone like Cooper or Lancaster, but combined with a sly wit to make him a formidable romantic lead, closer in that respect to Cary Grant.
Goldfinger's better than Dr. No. Both of them are a lot better than Diamonds are Forever a judgement reflected in its relative poor showing at the box office, in which field, of course, Thunderball was a notable success.
Look, Tommy, we know you're getting a hard time off Lizzy, but there's no need to take it out on us.
It's really nice, Tommy. Can we go home now?
Are you serious?
Such as sitting in a darkened room, watching videos, drinking, smoking dope and wanking. Does that answer your question?
If I'm giving up a whole day and the price of a ticket, I'm just saying it had better be good. There's plenty of other things I could be doing.
This had better be good.
