You've stabbed me, man.
No, I don't mean like that -- I mean something nice, like, that's all --
I don't know, maybe I'll buy something for my ma, and then buy some good speed, no bicarb like, then get a girl, take her out like, and treat her -- properly.
I want the money, Mark, that's all.
The pleasure was mine. Best interview I've ever been to. Thanks.
Hey. Right. No problem. Whatever you say, man. You're the man, the governor, the dude in the chair, like. I'm merely here. But obviously I am. Here, that is. I hope I'm not talking too much. I don't usually. I think it's all important though, isn't it?
Only to get my foot in the door. Showing initiative, right?
No, actually I went to Craignewton but I was worried that you wouldn't have heard of it so I put the Royal Edinburgh College instead, because they're both schools, right, and we're all in this together, and I wanted to put across the general idea rather than the details, yeah? People get all hung up on details, but what's the point? Like which school? Does it matter? Why? When? Where? Or how many O grades did I get? Could be six, could be one, but that's not important. What's important is that I am, right? That I am.
I'd really rather take care of it myself.
It's no problem.
No, I'll wash them. I'll take them home and bring them back.
Sorry about last night -
Would not say no, would not say no.
A little too well, if anything, a little too well, that's my only fear, compadre.
My problem is that I tend to clam up. I go dumb and I can't answer any questions at all. Nerves on the big occasion, like a footballer.
Nightmare.
And you might get the fucking job.
Right.
Yeah.
Cheers.
I don't know, Tommy. I don't know if it's... normal.
But where?
What?
So what's it going to be?
Went ballistic?
That's fair enough.
I've got balls like watermelons, I'm telling you.
She read it in Cosmopolitan.
It's a nightmare. She told me she didn't want our relationship to start on a physical basis as that is how it would be principally defined from then on in.
Six weeks.
No joy yet.
No. Well, yes. I have to admit it: I'm a perfectionist. For me, it's the best or nothing at all. If things go badly, I can't be bothered, but I have a good feeling about this interview. Seems to me like it's gone pretty well. We've touched on a lot of subjects, a lot of things to think about, for all of us.
No, not homeless people. Beggars, Francis Begbie -- one of my mates. I wouldn't say my best mate, I mean, sometimes the boy goes over the score, like one time when we -- me and him -- were having a laugh and all of a sudden he's fucking gubbed me in the face, right --
I love people. All people. Even people that no one else loves, I think they're OK, you know. Like Beggars.
