What do you want, Biff?
The day I show respect to Biff Tannen will be the day I win a million dollars... What's the matter, Biff, they're not showing you any respect down at the golf course? Don't they realize what a tough job it is keeping the criminal element away from the country club?
What do you want, Biff?
And you never heard of rock 'n roll?
This is 1952....?
I don't get it. How come there's no rock 'n roll?
This... is the number one single?
What's N.R.C.?
Dick, what's with those guys out there in the gutter?
Gimme some chili, fries, and a Tab.
Morning Dick.
You do?
Well, Eileen...jeez, that's hard for me to say. Have you ever been in a situation where -- well -- you know you have to act a certain way, but when you get there, you don't know if you can go through with it?
Uh, yeah, well, believe me, I sure feel like I know you!
Oh, no, I'm fine...fine.
Listen,  Professor Brown told me you called last night and gave me your message...
He comes out of the cafeteria line, he's nervous, he spills his corn, and he asks you to the dance!
But he does! Don't you see?
George! He's supposed to ask you to the dance!
Yeah. Maybe so.
What time does school start around here?
School? I never thought of school! If I went to school I could blend in with everybody else, couldn't I?
Oh, I'm feeling much better now.
How could I forget?  Oh, sure, I remember you.
Uh, hi....
Huh?
It's polyester.
Uh, thanks...
How old are you?
Mom, how else are we gonna see the sunrise?
Oh yeah.
Fine.
I was practicing. I've got an audition next week -- I gotta practice. How am I gonna get famous if I don't practice?
No, George, just concentrate on the anger. Anger.
Yes, definitely, god dammit George, swear. Then you hit me in the stomach, I go down for the count, and you and Eileen life happily ever after. Now, hit me in the stomach.
Your line, George!
George it's not your concern. Don't worry about it. Just remember that at 9:00, you'll be strolling through the parking lot and you'll see us -- struggling in the car, you'll run over, open the door and say....?
Why what?
Okay. So right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me -
And where am I gonna be?
You're not picking a fight, you're coming to her rescue. Maybe we'd better go over the plan again. Where are you gonna be at 8:55?
How many times do I have to explain it to you?... We know you're not a fighter. You know it, I know it... but she doesn't know it. That's why we gotta make you look like a fighter, somebody who'll stand up for her, somebody who isn't chicken. And you're not gonna look like a fighter if you can't hit me in the stomach.
You're not gonna hurt me. Just hit me in the stomach.
Bic... It's a Bic pen.
It was Marty's turn to be confused. Huh?
Nothing. Look, I'll write it down for you, okay?
Christ, it's a miracle I was even born!
Say what you were supposed to say in the cafeteria.
Okay, then!
George, she's beautiful, right? She's nice, she's decent, she's the kind of girl you'd like to marry, right? And there's nothing in the world you'd like more than to take her to that dance, right?
You've gotta ask her to the dance!
Jeez, what do you think? To see it!
Saturday night's the 'Springtime in Paris' dance. I'm taking Suzy Parker.
Oh yeah.
Fine..
The drill!  The power drill I bought you for Christmas. I was using it last night.
Dad, you seen the drill?
Well, yeah, I was thinking, if cars are gonna be going two or three hundred miles an hour, they're gonna be using an awful lot of gas. Like, what if we run out?
Who, me?
Marty. Marty Lewis.
Uh -- yeah. I'm new here, and I'm supposed to be in this class.
Hey, Mr. Arky, gimme a break!  I'm seventeen years old! I'm not responsible for all these problems!
Yeah, explode it up your ass!
You know damn well that's not what I meant.
Not a holocaust --
What year?
Operator, what's today's date?
Oh -- right! Uh, Madison 3489.
What?
Operator! Listen, this is an emergency! I have to make this call, but I don't have a dime -- all I got is a nickel -- but you gotta connect me --
Pro! Release the rope!
Yeah,  Right.
Home, school, here...
What, am I radioactive or something?
What's this all about?
It's the most beautiful city I've ever seen! What is it?
What theater was I at?
Obviously!
But if you didn't rebuild the time machine, how did I go back in time in the first place?
87 states? Time travel bans? What the hell?
What do you call this?
What year is this?
Professor -- there are some doors that shouldn't be opened, Marty said softly, without turning around.
Thanks for everything, Pro.
It was sure nice of Uncle Sam to put those yardage markers up for us.
Nope. My father's never clenched a fist in his entire life!
Perfect...
Professor, if something does go wrong tonight... if I don't get my parents back together... when do you think I'd cease to exist?
That's just what I needed to hear.
That's exactly what I said! I mean, a guy and his mother -- that's illegal, isn't it?
Look. I'm a little worried about this -- this whole thing with my mother, he admitted to the Professor. I mean, I don't know if I can do it -- I mean, hitting on my own mother, that's pretty heavy.
That's all taken care of.
Jesus!
Are you trying to tell me that my mother's got the hots for me?
But why? Why would she do that? She's supposed to marry the guy!
But that's impossible!! George asked her out! He had to! I saw him walk her home! Oh, God!
Believe me, Professor, running around on a nuclear test site can't be any more dangerous than what I've been doing.
I brought it with me from 1982. It's from my science book.
Look, it's not a big deal! I can fix it! All I gotta do is get 'em together and make sure my old man asks her out!
I know.
Well, it was there.
Oh -- that -- I found it in the closet.
You're talking crazy! An atomic blast would melt me and the time machine in a matter of seconds!
Professor, be serious, would you?
Okay, Professor, I get where you're coming from. The way I look, the way I'm dressed...  I'd stick out like a sore thumb.
Hey, look, gimme a break! All I did was answer the door! How's that gonna change history?
What if you lost your keys?
You were ringing the doorbell!
That's just great!
Professor. Well, not exactly, Professor. You see, we don't point it at the sun.
How did you know?
Well, Professor, are you sure you want me to tell you? You know, changing the course of history and all....
The power converter...
Oh. That expression probably hasn't been invented yet... I can get behind -- I agree with you.
You didn't, Professor. It was an accident! You see, what happened --
Yeah, a shopping mall. You know, a shopping mall?
Well, there's a mall here now -- I mean, there will be.
Oh, yeah.
Jeez -- this is where you used to live, huh? You must have been rich!
Marty.
Professor, you time machine works! It works! It sent me back in time! I'm from 1982!
Professor? Professor Brown?
Sure, he agreed quickly.
All I know is you're throwing away an awful lot of money.
So what? We'd be rich!
Sure! Listen -- we take the racing results from today's paper...
Professor, can this thing send Shemp back in time?
Is Shemp all right?
The plutonium! That's what I came over here for! Professor, where did you get that stuff?
A time machine! Because of that Coke?!
Now hold on a minute, Professor! Hold the phone. Are you trying to tell me that this -- all of this here -- that this is -- it's a -- a --
The future? What are you talking about? Where's Shemp?!
Then where the hell is he?
But Professor --
Catch you later!
Jeez, for a guy with a ton of clocks, you sure don't pay much attention to time.
Pro, the sun's out!
Eight thirty.
Nope. The way I figure it, doors are made to be opened. See you after school.
That reminds me, if we could scrape up enough for a 35 film chain, I've got a connection with a projectionist in a first run house -- we could be sellin' new movies on the street before they're even in the theater.
Professor Brown! It's almost eight thirty -- I'm outta here!
What happened to Dick Wilson?
Now who's being stupid? The guy who runs this place.
Look, maybe I'd better talk to Dick. Is he around?
Sure,.
A Tab.
Uh, yeah... Gimme a Tab.
What did you do to your hair?
Suzy!
Hell no! The way my mom carries on about sex -- you even mention the word and she goes into cardiac arrest. You shoulda seen her face when I told her we were gonna stay up all night Saturday, he added. Always afraid something is going to happen.
No way!
Yeah... Jesus! I wonder how he ever got up enough nerve to marry my mom.
...He just lets himself get pushed around all the time! People walk all over him and he never fights back, never stands up for himself.
