Pretty, isn't it?
The Orpheum.
But I told everyone your disappearance was due to a teleportation experiment you were helping me with. So don't mention anything about time travel to anyone.
According to your girlfriend, Suzy Parker, you and she were at the movies. You went to the restroom and you never came out. Obviously, you stepped through an inter-dimensional time warp, created by the original operation of the time machine.
You see, I never rebuilt the time machine after it was destroyed in 1952. I decided that experimenting with time and possibly changing history was too risky. Anyway, experiments in time travel were banned in all 87 states after the governor of Cuba caught Dr. Felstien fooling around in the Bermuda Triangle -- that was back in '64.
A car.
Hop in, Marty, . We've got a long drive ahead of us.
1982! March 18, just like we planned! My calculations were absolutely correct! Thirty years! God, I cannot believe it's been thirty years! Sure, it was a long time ago -- longest I've ever had to wait for the results of an experiment!
Marty,  I know I've repeatedly asked you not to tell me anything about the future, but....well, those loud bangs on the tape recorder....are they....
Professor Brown grinned. I guess I'll see you in... about 30 years.
We're at one and a half miles, so you're just a little over a mile from where you want to be,  Wait until minus 3 minutes before you go -- that should give you plenty of time, and it should be close enough to zero hour that they can't do anything to stop you. Park the truck at 800 and get in the refri-- the time chamber. Just be sure the nose of the truck is pointed at the bomb....the power converter will do the rest.
Curious...  Very curious.
You didn't?
It could happen at the moment you arrive back in the future, theoretically, it could happen at the moment of your birth...or conception. Actually, it could happen at any time. It's a question to which I hope we'll never learn the answer.
There's no way of knowing.
It'll be fine, Marty.  You'll be fine. Good luck. He stuck his hand out and Marty shook it. But there was still a question that was nagging at him...
Look, Marty, she's not your mother yet. And if you don't go through with this, she may never be. I know it's hard, but there are some things we must do in life that are unpleasant. Some choices must be made that are difficult. Nonetheless, we must make them. Besides, this may be more than a simple question of your own existence, he added. The fate of the entire space-time continuum may rest on your shoulders . Marty tried to smile at him.
Nobody said anything about hitting her! You're just going to take a few liberties with her.
Good. Professor Brown tested the tarp, noting in satisfaction that it was secure. I'll pick you up in front of the school at midnight. Don't be late -- we're cutting it close as it is. We've got a long drive ahead of us.
In a manner of speaking, yes. And because of that, she's no longer interested in your father.
Apparently, what has happened is that the maternal instinct has transcended the gap of time and this has caused an alteration in your mother's emotional behavior.
My guess is that she turned him down.
Your 'mother' wanted me to tell you that she was very impressed by what you did this afternoon, and that if you were interested in going to the dance Saturday, she's available.
The test is this Monday! 15 megatons... Let's see, we need 4200 rads...  You'd have to be...exactly 800 yards from ground zero... You realize that what we're going to do could be extremely dangerous.
Where did you get this?
You better make sure your old man asks her out, because if he doesn't, they may never have a first date. And if they don't have a first date, they won't have a second date. If they don't have a second date, they won't fall in love. If they don't fall in love, they won't get married, and if they don't get married, you'll never be born!
You did what?!?
Curious... Very curious....
I don't recall ever seeing it before.
Say, where did this guitar come from?
You forget -- time travel is instantaneous. The time machine would melt, but you would have already travelled through time. Of course, it's a moot point regardless. The only place atomic bombs are detonated is at the Army's Nevada Test Site, and those tests are kept absolutely top secret.
I am serious. If we could get you, the time machine, and the power converter in the vicinity of an atomic blast, we could send you back to the future.
An atomic bomb.
Let me put it on a level you can understand. You don't belong here. You don't know anything about this world. You don't know the customs, you don't know how to talk, how to act -- you don't even look like you belong here. And if you walked out on the street, you wouldn't get 100 yards without being arrested. Then there would be questions, and where would we come up with the answers?
I don't know, but I don't want to take any chances! Now you stay here and don't do anything. Don't answer the door, don't answer the phone, don't go outside. Understand?
Then I would have figured out to get back in through the events in the natural course of history! Don't you understand? The fabric of history is very delicate. Anything you do could have serious consequences!
I told you not to interfere with any of the events of this time! Nobody's supposed to see you here! What if I was a mailman? Or a salesman?
You answered the door!
4200 rads...  That certainly can't be generated under controlled conditions in this day and age.
We don't....
Just a guess. I figured kids would still be drinking Coke in 1982.
Blast it -- no, I suppose you're right.... You do know the proper chemical formula?
Of course! The power converter! It works! Of course, it works...  What chemicals do we use?
On second thought, there may be some things you'll have to tell me.
Pardon me?
No! Don't tell me!  I don't want to know the future! My knowledge of future events... your mere presence here... could have devastating effects on the course of history. And altering history is a responsibility that I do not wish to bear. My immediate response is to send you back to your own time.
You've convinced me that you must be who you say you are. No living human has ever seen this machine.  But why? Why even in my twilight years would I remotely consider sending someone back in time?
A mall?
Must have been? Used to live? I do live here.
Uh, Marty Lewis! I almost didn't recognize him -- haven't seen him in years.
He will be. Simple inebriation, is all. The young man must have a rather low tolerance for alcohol... something that runs in the family. You see, he's a second cousin of mine on my mother's side. Came quite a distance to visit me, he added. His name's Lewis.
Ssshhhhh!
You know me?
The future, Marty, the future is everything! I built this machine to see the future. So I am going to send Shemp twenty-four hours into the future. You can assist me, if you like.
Don't you understand? The mere act of sending matter back in time would change the course of events, and changing history is a responsibility that I do not wish to bear.
Marty, that would alter history.
A gold mine?
Of course. Shemp is unaware that anything even happened, other than his stool suddenly falling over. We had to wait two minutes to catch up to him, but for Shemp the trip was instantaneous.
Exactly two minutes difference...  and it's still ticking!
Why?
Precisely!
Shemp is right here in this room...two minutes from now, and at exactly 9:02PM, we'll catch up to him.
The appropriate question to ask is when the hell is he! You see, Shemp has just become the world's first time traveller. I've sent Shemp into the future -- two minutes into the future to be exact.
No, Marty. Shemp's molecular structure is completely intact!
Get behind the shield! I'm about to release radiation!
...To be traveled through
Oh, right, right...
AM or PM?
Oh -- Marty -- what time did you say it was?
Did you ever consider that some doors are locked for a reason?
A 35mm film chain... I'll see what I can do....
The power of a million hydrogen bombs!  ...and we get twenty four measly volts. It's not fair! I've been working on this power converter since 1949, and you'd think in all that time, I could find the right chemicals that would efficiently convert radiation into electric energy! But no! Thirty three years of dedication and research, and all I've got to show for it is a bootleg video operation!
Shhhhhhhh!
