No, he was so hammered that he drove the police cruiser home. Fuckin' lights and everything!
Guy's tryin' to walk the line--but he can't even fuckin' stand up, and so my uncle's gonna spend a night in jail. Just then there's this fuckin' BOOM like fifty yards down the road. Some guy's car hit a tree.
Two weeks? That's nothin'. My Uncle Marty? Will knows him. That guy fuckin' drinks like you've never seen! One night he was drivin' back to his house on I-93-- Statie pulls him over.
I'm sorry, 'cause you know Mikey, the fuckin guy loves animals, and this is the last person you'd want this to happen to.
Well you know how he loves animals right? Anyway, last week he's drivin' home...
You guys know my cousin Mikey Sullivan?
Yeah, I figured now that you got your big job over in Cambridge, you needed some way to get over there and I knew I wasn't gonna drive you every day...
Little Morgan's got a lot a scrap, dude. I'd rather fight a big kid, they never fight, everyone's scared of 'em. You know how many people try to whip Morgan's ass every week? Fuckin' kid won't back down.
No, I had to talk him down.
Let me tell you what I do know. Every day I come by to pick you up, and we go out drinkin' or whatever and we have a few laughs. But you know what the best part of my day is? The ten seconds before I knock on the door 'cause I let myself think I might get there, and you'd be gone. I'd knock on the door and you wouldn't be there. You just left.
Fuck you. You owe it to me. Tomorrow I'm gonna wake up and I'll be fifty and I'll still be doin' this. And that's all right 'cause I'm gonna make a run at it. But you, you're sittin' on a winning lottery ticket and you're too much of a pussy to cash it in. And that's bullshit 'cause I'd do anything to have what you got! And so would any of these guys. It'd be a fuckin' insult to us if you're still here in twenty years.
Listen, you got somethin' that none of us have.
Look, you're my best friend, so don't take this the wrong way, but in 20 years, if you're livin' next door to me, comin' over watchin' the fuckin' Patriots' games and still workin' construction, I'll fuckin' kill you. And that's not a threat, that's a fact. I'll fuckin' kill you.
It's a way outta here.
Yah, but it's better than this shit. At least you'd make some nice bank.
Are they hookin' you up with a job?
Suck my crank. Fuckin' sheet metal pussy.  So, when are you done with those meetin's?
Some shows are worth the price of admission, partner.
Sorry, brother.  I don't know what to tell ya. You know all the girls I been with. You been with 'em too, except for Cheryl McGovern which was a big mistake on your part brother...
What?
How's the woman?
Don't get too slap-happy, you're takin' me home first. WILL I don't know, Chuck. It's kinda outta the way.
What do I look like, Al Cowlins?  You want to take my car, drop her off?
I don't know.
I didn't get on Cathy last night.
Who'd you call?
You're fuckin' good.
What'd you get? You get leniency?
When's the arraignment?
Hey, thanks for comin' out.
What do we got?
No, and we got four of 'em.
Jesus Christ. Not even close.
We're not goin'.  I don't even like "Kelly's."
I don't know, we'll fuck up some smart kids.  You'd prob'ly fit right in.
Casey's bouncin' at a bar up Harvard. We should go there sometime.
Stop brushin' me back!
Yeah, so he's like "Check the front of my truck, I can prove I hit it 'cause there's probably some blood or something"--
Okay. He's driving along and this fuckin' cat jumps in front of his car, and so he hits this cat--
Yeah, it is.
I really don't know what to say. Look, I lie to women all the time. That's just my way.  Last week Morgan brought these girls down from Roslindale. I told them I was a cosmonaut. They believed me. But Will's not usually like that--
Well, I don't have no trousers on...
You caught that, huh?
Let's take a walk. EXT. CHUCKIE'S STREET -- DAY
She'll live.  If she starts yelling again I might have to run in real quick and beat her with the stick again but...
What? No. This is my mother's house. I don't live with my mother. I just stop by, help out. I'm good like that.
Oh, right.
How'd you know where to find me?
How you doin'?
Yeah, not tonight. Not any other night. He knows, once you see that shit-hole he's gettin' dropped like a bad habit.
I'm glad you came by, changed my opinion of Harvard people.
Yah, it's not a bad school...
Ah, history I think.
So, you ladies ah, go to school here?
Guy's been up my ass for two years about a fuckin' job. I had to let him help with the car.
Me and Bill scraped together the parts, worked on it. Morgan was out panhandlin' every day.
Hey, asshole. Happy Birthday.
Shut the fuck up.
Oh, Morgan.
Oh my God, I got the most fucked up thing I been meanin' to tell you.
Why don't you beat off at your house?
You're walkin' bitch, Will's takin' the car.
It's a good thing no one's Irish here.
The fuckin' Trooper was so embarrassed he didn't do anything. The fuckin' guy had been drivin' around in my Uncle's car all night lookin' for the house.
So in the morning, there's a knock on the door it's the Statie. So my Uncle's like, "Is there a problem?" And the Statie's like "I pulled you over and you took off." And my Uncle's like "I never seen you before in my life, I been home all night with my kids." And Statie's like "Let me get in your garage!" So he's like "All right, fine." He takes around the garage and opens the door --and the Statie's cruiser is in my Uncle's garage.
Yeah, he was probably drunker than my Uncle, who fuckin' knows? So the cop goes "Stay here" And he goes runnin' down the highway to deal with the other crash. So, my Uncle Marty's standin' on the side of the road for a little while, and he's so fuckin' lit, that he forgets what he's waitin' for. So he goes, "Fuck it." He gets in his car and drives home.
I told you "no" yesterday!
My uncle can probably get you on my demo team.
You got fired from pushing a broom, you little bitch.
Morgan, Let's go.
Shut up.
NO SHE DIDN'T GET YOUR DOUBLE BURGER!! IT'S ALL FUCKIN' FLYIN' FISH FILET!!
I think you should establish a good line of credit.
Well give me your fuckin' change and we'll put your fuckin' sandwhich on lay-away.
How much money you got?
What do you mean "your sandwhich?" I bought it.
Would you shut the fuck up! I know what you ordered, I was there!
All right Morgan, fine. I'll tell you why we're not going to "Kelly's." It's because the take-out bitch is a fuckin' idiot. I'm sorry you like her but she's dumb as a post and she has never got our order right, never once.
Morgan, I'm not goin' to "Kelly's Roast Beef" just cause you like the take-out girl. It's fifteen minutes out of our way. MORGAN What else we gonna do we can't spare fifteen minutes?
What Morgan, you're not gonna go talk to her?
You could put a pool in that backyard.
And so they go around to the front of his truck...and there's another cat on the grille.
And all the time he's apologizin' to the cat, goin' "I'm sorry." BANG, "I'm sorry." BANG!
--and he's like "shit! Motherfucker!" And he looks in his rearview and sees this cat-- I'm sorry--
Come now...what do you think I am, a juvinile? You don't got any money on you right now. You think I'm gonna take a check? EXECUTIVE It's fine, John, I can cover the rest.
Allegedly, what I am saying is your situation will be concurrently improved if I had two hundred sheets in my pocket right now.
Retainer...
--These circumstances are mitigated. Right now. They're mitigated.
All right, are we gonna have a problem?
To tell you the truth, I wasn't there much. The class was rather elementary.
Hey, come on pal we're in classes all day. That's one thing about Harvard never seizes to amaze me, everybody's talkin' about school all the time.
Good, it was all right.
History.
