--Maker builds "K" to the "N." N is three to the K times--
No, there's a limit.
--But what he's doing, he's attaching an edge to the adjacent vertex. He can always failsafe to either side--
Alexander, I know your theory. The boy is updating, he's strategy stealing...
Please, I'm a professor here and it's very important.
No, no. Nothing like that. I just need his name. TERRY I can't give you his name unless you have a complaint.
Building two.
Could you just check, because the young man who works in my building--
I'm trying to find the name of a student who works here.
Excuse me. Is this the buildings and grounds office?
Thank you, Will. I'll do that.
Yes.
This job... Do it if it's what you really want.
I just want you to know...It's been a pleasure.
Sam called me. From Tri-tech. He says you start working for them next week.
You know, you're no longer required to come here.
Will.
No, that's fine, Will. I was just leaving.
What are you smiling at?
So am I.  Yes. That's right, Will. Most days I wish I never met you. Because then I could sleep at night. I wouldn't have to walk around with the knowledge that someone like you was out there. And I wouldn't have to watch you throw it all away.
Sure, then you'd have more time to sit around and get drunk. Think of how many fights you could have been in by now.
The least you can do is show me a little appreciation.
I'll cancel every meeting right now. I'll give you a job myself. I just wanted you to see what was out there.
Will, on your own time, you can do what you like. When I set up a meeting, with my associates, and you don't show up it reflects poorly on me.
Will, what happened at the Tri-tech meeting?
That's fine, but did you ever think--
--This can't be right.  This is going to be very embarrassing. Have you ever considered--
This is correct. I see you used Mclullen here--
Will, this is Sean Maguire. Sean, Will Hunting.
That's enough.
Get out, Will.
I told you to cooperate with these people.
Oh, for God's sake, Will.
Shall we start the, uh...
--That edge!
--that?--
What's that?
I happen to know so.
That would be a monumental waste of time, wouldn't it, Will?
Okay. How?
This rectangle is subdivided into rectangles. One edge of an inner rectangle is an integer. Can you prove that one edge of the larger rectangle is an integer?
Now, it won't be as bad as it sounds, Will.  I've already spoken to one therapist, his name is Henry Lipkin and he's a friend of mine. He's also published four books and is widely considered to be one of the brightest men in his field.  I'm sure it'll be better than spending the next six months in jail.
That's right.
That you meet with me twice a week--
Yes. Under two conditions.
I've spoken with the judge and he's agreed to release you under my supervision.
Hello. Gerald Lambeau, M.I.T.
Well... I'll be speaking to your supervisor.
What's your name?  Don't you walk away from me. This is people's work, you can't graffiti here.
What're you doing?
Find out what?
It's Saturday.
Yes.
I did.
How about Gerald Lambeau? Ever heard of him?
You've heard of Albert Einstein?
Have you heard of Jonas Salk?
Excuse me, Timmy. Could you help us? We're trying to settle a bet.
Pleasure to meet you.
About thirty million to one.
About thirty million to one.
Sean, do you have any idea what the odds are against winning the lottery?
How about one now?
I got one of those too.
Do you know when you'll be back?
Why there?
Where're you going?
So I hear you're taking some time.
Sean...
Hello, Sean.
You're wrong, Sean. I'm where I am today because I was pushed. And because I learned to push myself!
He won't be a failure!
That's right! You were smarter than us then and you're smarter than us now! So don't blame me for how your life turned out. It's not my fault.
--Is that what this is about, Sean? The Field's Medal? Do you want me to go home and get it for you? Then will you let the boy--
Yes you do. You're angry at me for doing what you could have done. Ask yourself if you want Will to feel that way for the rest of his life, to feel like a failure.
--Yes you are, Sean. You resent me. And I'm not going to apologize for any success that I've had.
Now don't do that. Don't you do that! Don't infect him with the idea that it's okay to quit. That it's okay to be a failure, because it's not okay! If you're angry at me for being successful, for being what you could have been--
Oh, that's nice--
Oh, come on, Sean--
He can handle the work, he can handle the pressure and he's obviously handled you.
What problems does he have, Sean, that he is better off as a janitor or in jail or hanging around with--
He has a gift and with that gift comes responsibility. And you don't understand that he's at a fragile point--
Look Sean, I don't care if you have a rapport with the boy-- I don't care if you have a few laughs-- even at my expense! But don't you dare undermine what I'm trying to do here.
--Ready to falsify documents because you've given him license to walk away from this.
--And here I am for the second week in a row with my professional reputation at stake--
--And confuse him--
This is a disaster! I brought you in here to help me with this boy, not to run him out--
That's a wonderful theory, Sean. It worked wonders for you.
Look, you took one road and I took another. That's fine.
--No, no you hear me out, Sean. This young man is a true prodigy--
Sean, this is important. And it's above personal rivalry--
Look, I don't know what else I can say. I'm not sitting at home every night, twisting my mustache and hatching a plan to ruin the boy's life. But it's important to start early. I was doing advanced mathematics at eighteen and it still took me twenty-three years to do something worthy of a Field's medal.
Well, you're the only one.
You see, Sean? That's exactly not the point. No one remembers that. They--
Who?
Sean, I really don't think you understand--
Cutting edge mathematics. Think tanks. The kind of place where a mind like Will's is given free reign.
Well, have you talked to him at all about his future?
Seems like it's going well.
You moved?
You're here quite a bit, then.
Not at all.
Oh, what is this? Some kind of staring contest between two kids from the "old neighborhood?"
Why would he do that?
What do you mean "he didn't talk?" You sat there for an hour?
Tom.
It's a poker game with this young man. Don't let him see what you've got.
Any vulnerability he senses, he'll exploit.
It's on the college.
That would be fine.
Just meet with the boy once a week.
Five.
You're from the same neighborhood. South Boston.
I need someone with your kind of background.
They worked together for the remainder of their lives, producing some of the most exciting math theory ever done. Ramanujan's genius was unparalleled, Sean. This boy is like that. But he's very defensive and I need someone who can get through to him.
--That's right, Sean. He mailed it to a professor at Cambridge who immediately recognized the brilliance in his work and brought Ramanujan to England.
He was alive over a hundred years ago. He was Indian. Dots, not feathers...
This kid's special, Sean. I've never seen anything like him.
I'm sorry, that damn conference--
You were missed.  How long has it been since we've seen each other?
I didn't see you at the reunion.
Is there someplace we can talk?
Good to see you.
Hello.
Sean.
The boy was here. He came in, sat down and we worked together.
He was my roommate in college.
There is somebody...
What's the point?
