You're pretty quick with those numbers. How about the odds of me buying the first round?
I don't know... Gotta be at least four to one.
Sounds good.
You should come. I'll buy you a drink.
I got this mailer the other day. Class of Sixty-five is having this event in six months.
Never been.
I don't know. India maybe.
Yeah. Summer vacation. Thought I'd travel some. Maybe write a little bit.
Me too.
Come in.
He's not you!
If you push him into something, if you ride him--
I don't blame you! It's not about that! It's about the boy! 'Cause he's a good kid! And I won't see this happen to him-- I won't see you make him feel like a failure too!
--I don't want your trophy and I don't give a shit about it! 'Cause I knew you when!! You and Jack and Tom Sanders. I knew you when you were homesick and pimply-faced and didn't know what side of the bed to piss on!
That's it. That's why I don't come to the goddamn reunions! Becaue I can't stand the look in your eye when you see me! You think I'm a failure! I know who I am. I'm proud of who I am. And all of you, you think I'm some kind of pity case! You with your sycophant students following you around. And you Goddamn Medal!
--I don't have any anger at you--
--I'm not angry at you--
--And who do you think he's handling? He pushes people away before they have a chance to leave him. And for 20 years he's been alone because of that. And if you try to push him into this, it's going to be the same thing all over again. And I'm not going to let that happen to him!
--And why does he hang out with his friends? Because any one of those kids would come in here and take a bat to your head if he asked them to. It's called loyalty!
Why is he hiding? Why is he a janitor? Why doesn't he trust anybody? Because the first thing that happened to him was that he was abandoned by the people who were supposed to love him the most!
Why do you think he does that, Gerry?
He is at a fragile point. He's got problems--
"Undermine?"
I know what I'm doing and I know why I'm here!
Hold on!
--Gerry--
Now wait a minute--
Is it Gerry? 'Cause I don't think it's fine with you. Give him time to figure out what he wants.
--Personal rivalry? I'm not getting back at you.
Now wait a minute, Gerry--
Maybe he doesn't care about that.
Just...take it easy, Gerry.
I do.
Einstein. Had two marriages, both train-wrecks. The guy never saw his kids, one of whom, I think, ended up in an asylum--
He married his cousin.
What don't I understand?
That's great, Gerry, that there's interest-- But I'm not sure he's ready for that.
Jobs doing what?
We haven't really gotten into it. LAMBEAU Maybe you should. My phone's been ringing off the hook with job offers.
I think so.
I been here a couple years.
I live right around the corner.
Timmy this is Gerry, an old friend of mine. We went to college together.
Gerry! Any trouble finding the place?
I won't talk first.
To show me he doesn't have to talk to me if he doesn't want to.
No, he just sat there and counted the seconds until the session was over. It was pretty impressive, actually.
You too, Gerry.
Would you excuse us?
I'll be okay.
I got it.
Can we do it at my office?
Not Rick? You didn't send him to Rick?
He's from Southie? How many people did you try before you came to me?
My kind of background?
Why me?
Where he contracted pneumonia and died at a young age--
And he mailed it to Hardy--
Yeah.
Not much free time, Gerry. LAMBEAU Have you ever heard of a man named Ramanujan?
I've been busy, Gerry. I got a full schedule.
I got your card.
Since Nancy died.
I've been busy.
Good to see you.
The Field's Medal is the Nobel Prize for math.  But it's only given out every four years.
Well, it seems we're in the presence of greatness. Professor Gerald Lambeau is a Field's Medal winner. Combunatorial Mathematics. 1986.
Good luck.
Only if you grab my ass.
No. Thank you.
I'm gonna travel a little bit, so I don't know where I'll be.
You're Welcome, Will.
We're done. You did your time. You're a free man.
Good for you. Congratulations.
That's what you want?
Which one did you take, Will?
It's not...
It's not your fault.
It's not your fault.
It's not your fault.
It's not your fault.
It's not your fault.
The wrench, why?
Gotta go with the belt there...
Yes.
Twenty years of counselling you see a lot of--
You want to read it?
Oh, this is your file. I have to send it back to the Judge with my evaluation.
Look, a lot of that stuff goes back a long way.  And it's between me and him and it has nothing to do with you.
Look at me. What do you want to do?
I been there. I played my hand.
If you won't answer my questions, you're wasting my time.
You're right, Will. Any man who takes a forty minute train ride so those college kids can come in in the morning and their floors will be clean and their trash cans will be empty is an honorable man.
Nobody gets what they ask for, Will. That's a cop-out.
It's not about that job. I'm not saying you should work for the government. But, you could do anything you want. And there are people who work their whole lives layin' brick so their kids have a chance at the kind of opportunity you have. What do you want to do?
Don't give me you line of shit.
That's what I'm saying, Will. You'll never have that kind of relationship in a world where you're afraid to take the first step because all you're seeing are the negative things that might happen ten miles down the road.
But you can't give back to them, Will.
They're all dead.
Someone who challenges you in every way. Who takes you places, opens things up for you. A soul-mate.
Do you have a soul-mate?
Do you think you're alone?
What did you think?
Gerry says the meeting went well.
So you might be working for Uncle Sam.
Well hell, I didn't know Pudge was gonna hit the home run.
No Will, I'm not kiddin' you. If I had gone to see that game I'd be in here talkin' abouta girl I saw at a bar twenty years ago. And how I always regretted not goin' over there and talkin' to her. I don't regret the eighteen years we were married. I don't regret givin' up couseling for six years when she got sick. I don't regret being by her side for the last two years when things got real bad. And I sure as Hell don't regret missing that damn game.
They could see that I meant it.
I just slid my ticket across the table and said "sorry fellas, I gotta go see about a girl."
You should have seen this girl. She lit up the room.
That's right.
I was havin' a drink with my future wife.
October 21, 1975. Game six of the World Series. Biggest game in Red Sox history, Me and my friends slept out on the sidewalk all night to get tickets. We were sitting in a bar waiting for the game to start and in walks this girl. What a game that was. Tie game in the bottom of the tenth inning, in steps Carlton Fisk, hit a long fly ball down the left field line. Thirty-five thousand fans on their feet, screamin' at the ball to stay fair. Fisk is runnin' up the baseline, wavin' at the ball like a madman. It hits the foul pole, home run. Thirty-five thousand people went crazy. And I wasn't one of them.
Why? Because of the pain I feel now? I have regrets Will, but I don't regret a singel day I spent with her.
What? Do I wonder if I'd be better off if I never met my wife?
Lon? He got married. He has a kid. I kind of lost touch with him after Nancy got sick.
Yeah.
I didn't write anything else 'cause nobody, including most of my colleagues bothered to read the first one.
I gave that up when my wife got sick.
No, I don't.
Really? How'd the date go? WILL Do you still counsel veterans?  I read your book last night.
My wife's dead.
My wife's dead.
I teach this shit, I didn't say I knew how to do it.
And right now you're perfect too. Maybe you don't want to ruin that.
So Christ, call her up.
Jesus Christ, you are an amateur.
Why not?
Well, are you going out again?
How'd it go?
Yeah? You got a lady now?
You've never been on a plane.
So if I asked you about art you could give me the skinny on every art book ever written...Michelangelo? You know a lot about him I bet. Life's work, criticisms, political aspirations. But you couldn't tell me what it smells like in the Sistine Chapel. You've never stood there and looked up at that beautiful ceiling. And if I asked you about women I'm sure you could give me a syllabus of your personal favorites, and maybe you've been laid a few times too. But you couldn't tell me how it feels to wake up next to a woman and be truly happy. If I asked you about war you could refer me to a bevy of fictional and non-fictional material, but you've never been in one. You've never held your best friend's head in your lap and watched him draw his last breath, looking to you for help. And if I asked you about love I'd get a sonnet, but you've never looked at a woman and been truly vulnerable. Known that someone could kill you with a look. That someone could rescue you from grief. That God had put an angel on Earth just for you. And you wouldn't know how it felt to be her angel. To have the love be there for her forever. Through anything, through cancer. You wouldn't know about sleeping sitting up in a hospital room for two months holding her hand and not leaving because the doctors could see in your eyes that the term "visiting hours" didn't apply to you. And you wouldn't know about real loss, because that only occurs when you lose something you love more than yourself, and you've never dared to love anything that much. I look at you and I don't see an intelligent confident man, I don't see a peer, and I don't see my equal. I see a boy. Nobody could possibly understand you, right Will? Yet you presume to know so much about me because of a painting you saw. You must know everything about me. You're an orphan, right?
You've never been out of Boston.
You're just a boy. You don't have the faintest idea what you're talking about.
I was thinking about what you said to me the other day, about my painting. I stayed up half the night thinking about it and then something occured to me and I fell into a deep peaceful sleep and haven't thought about you since. You know what occurred to me?
If you ever disrespect my wife again...I will end you.
Watch your mouth.
Maybe you should be a patient and sit down.
Maybe what mea--
Sure, how 'bout "still waters run deep"--
Oh, "Starry Night" time, huh?
What is?
What does?
Tell me what you really think.
Crayons?
Yeah. Do you paint?
285.
Free weights. WILL Oh yeah? Me too. What do you bench?
Yes, I do.
Guy your age shouldn't smoke so much. Stunt your growth.
You think so?
How about Noam Chomsky's "Manufacturing Consent?"
Yeah, it did take me a long time.
I did.
What did you think?
How about the ones on that shelf?
Have you read all these books, Will?
