You're kiddin' me.
Why didn't you yoke him?
You and Morgan throw?
You don't know that.
Why is it always this? I owe it to myself? What if I don't want to?
Chuckie, what are you talkin'...
What do I want a way outta here for? I want to live here the rest of my life. I want to be your next door neighbor. I want to take out kids to little league together up Foley Field.
Yeah, be a fuckin' lab rat.
Yeah, sit in a room and do long division for the next fifty years.
Week after I'm twenty-one.
Oh I'm sure, that's why only one of us has herpes.
She went to Medical school in California.
Gone.
Thanks, Chuck.
I was countin' on it.
I don't know what the fuck you're doin'. You're givin' us a ride.
Why not?
No one. I didn't have the number.
Probation, counselin', few days a week.
Next week.
Yeah, you're all invited over to Morgan's house for a complementary fish sandwhich.
I don't know yet.
Jesus, that's really bad, did anyone even order a Flyin' Fish?
She didn't do it again did she?
She's sharp as a marble.
Fuck you.
What are we gonna do up there?
Stop crowdin the plate!
--or a tail--
Chuckie, what the fuck happened?
Why shouldn't I work for the National Security Agency? That's a tough one.
Come on, that's what you do. You handle more than eighty percent of the intelligence workload. You're seven times the size of the C.I.A.
Codebreaking.
So why do you think I should work for the National Security Agency?
Down there.  And I'm nervous.
It's touching me.
It's like a small figure, hoverin' over me. Gettin' closer.
Somethin's in my room.
Seven.
Listen, I'll be nearby so, if you need some help, or you get stuck again, don't be afraid to give me a call.
I appreciate that.
Bullshit.
Thank you.
I was just sayin' goodbye to Sean.
Hey, how you doin'?
I can come back.
It's a Carlton Fisk baseball card.
Well, I'm sorry.
--You know how fuckin' easy this is to me? This is a joke!  And I'm sorry you can't do this. I really am. 'Cause if you could I wouldn't be forced to watch you fumble around and fuck it up.
--Maybe I don't want to spend my life sittin' around and explaining shit to people.
Then don't set up any more meetings.
I couldn't go 'cause I had a date. So I sent my cheif negotiator.
It's right.  Take it home with you.
Can I ask you a favor, can we do this at Sean's from now on? 'Cause I leave work to come here and the fuckin' commute is killin' me--
I'm pretty sure it's right.
I don't know what it's called.
No.
Okay...don't forget to get another therapist for next week.
C'mon, that guy was a fuckin' piece of work.
Oh, come on! You're not pinnin' this one on me. He left, I wanted to talk to him for another twenty minutes. I was havin' fun.
Yeah, when do I get my hypnosis? You guys been talkin' for twenty minutes.
An integer.
--Half-red, half-black--
Half-red, half-black--
I think so.
It's an integer proof.
Of course.
I'll do the work. I'm not going to meet with a therapist.
If I agree to this, I walk right now?
What're those?
Really?
Fuck do you want?
Hey fuck you.
I'm sorry.
Oh, I'm sorry.
So what do you got, a fuckin' Hyundai engine under there? Can I make it back to my house?
So, you finally got a job Morgan?
Yeah, Morgan. It's a real rarity that we'd be out drinkin'.
Hold up.
Yeah, Morgan. I got fired.
Well, she out did herself today...
I could go for a Whopper.
It's walkin' pretty slow at this point.
You're getting defensive...Henry. And hey, cheif--tell the wife, at least. Christ, set her free.
If you wanna hit "Ramrod," take your shot. Take some pride in it. You go to church? So fuckin' what, God loves you. I mean, Christ. A guy as well known as you? By the time you put your disguise on and skulk out of the house Sunday nights you probably look like "Inspector Cluseau."
Look, man. I don't care if you're putting from the rough. There are solid arguments that some of the greatest people in history were gay; Alexander the Great, Caeser, Shakespeare, Oscar Wilde, Napoleon, Gertrude Stein, not to mention Danny Terrio, not many straight men can dance like that.
I'm sure you do. You probably got a real nice house, nice car -- your book's a best seller.
Buddy, two seconds ago you were ready to give me a jump.
C'mon, I read your book. I talked to you. It's just something I know to be true.
Do you find it hard to hide the fact that you're gay?
Certain, clubs.  Like, Paradise. It's not bad.
I go places, I interact.
No, but, I mean you know...I do other things. That no one knows about.
You're right. I know.
Yeah, I read your book. "Mike" had the same problems as "Chad" the stockbroker.
I could work the pit maybe, but I could never drive like Dale Ernhart--
That's why I love stock-car racin'. That Dale Ernhart's real good.
See ya.
Does this violate the patient/doctor relationship?
I'll keep in touch.
I just want you to know, Sean...
Thanks you.  So, that's it? We're done?
Yeah, I think so.
Over at Tri-tech. One of the jobs Professor Lambeau set me up with. I haven't told him yet, but I talked to my new boss over there and he seemed like a nice guy.
I know, I know...
I know.
Don't fuck with me.
I know.
I know.
I know.
Oh, I know.
Cause fuck him, that's why.
I used to go with the wrench.
It sure ain't good.
--No, have you had any experience with that?
No.  Have you had any experience with that?
You're not going to fail me are you?
Do you want to talk about it?
Well, I'm here.  So, is that my problem? I'm afraid of being abandoned? That was easy.
That's right. And you fuckin' lost! And some people would have the sack to lose a big hand like that and still come back and ante up again!
What?
What?
Why is it a cop-out? I don't see anythin' wrong with layin' brick, that's somebody's home I'm buildin'. Or fixin' somebody's car, somebody's gonna get to work the next day 'cause of me. There's honor in that.
I didn't ask for this.
I didn't want the job.
Oh, what? You're going to take the professor's side on this?
Not without a heater and some serious smelling salts, no...
Not to me, they're not.
Yeah.
Define that.
What?
What did I think?
I guess.
I don't know.
Would have been nice to catch that game though.
You're kiddin' me.
"I gotta go see about a girl"? What did they say?
I don't care if Helen of Troy walked into that bar! That's game six of the World Series!
So wait a minute. The Red Sox haven't won a World Series since nineteen eighteen, you slept out for tickets, games gonna start in twenty minutes, in walks a girl you never seen before, and you give your ticket away?
You missed Pudge Fisk's homerun to have a drink with a woman you had never met?
Where were you?
When did you know she was the one?
You don't regret meetin' your wife?
Do you ever wonder what your life would be like if you never met your wife?
What happened to that guy from Kentucky?
Well, I've read you colleagues. Your book was good, Sean.  All those guys were in your platoon?
Is that why you didn't write anything else?
Why not?
Well I think that's a wonderful philosophy, Sean. That way you can go through the rest of your life without having to really know anyone.
Hence, the word remarried.
You ever think about gettin' remarried?
Why? So I can realize she's not so smart. That she's boring. You don't get it. Right now she's perfect, I don't want to ruin that.
I know what I'm doing. She's different from the other girls I met. We have a really good time. She's smart, beautiful, fun...
Haven't called her.
I don't know.
Fine.
Yeah, I went on a date last week.
I know, but the joke's better if I tell it in the first person.
You know, I was on this plane once. And I'm sittin' there and the captain comes on and is like "we'll be cruising at 35,000 feet," and does his thing, then he puts the mike down but forgets to turn it off. Then he says "man, all I want right now is a blow-job and a cup of coffee." So the stewardess goes runnin' up towards the cock-pit to tell him the mike's still on, and this guy in the back of the plane goes "don't forget the coffee!"
No.
Why thank you.
No.
So what's with this place? You have a swan fetish? Is this something you'd like to talk about?
Time's up.
That's it isn't it? You married the wrong woman. She leave you? Was she bangin' someone else?
Maybe you married the wrong woman.
--Well, maybe that means you.
You ever heard the saying, "any port in a storm?"
I think you're one step away from cutting your ear off.
The color here, see how dark it is? It's interesting.
Poor color composition, lousy use of space. But that shit doesn't really concern me.
This is a real piece of shit.
No.
Oh.
Nautilus?
You're right. It really gets in the way of my jazzercizing.
Whatever blows your hair back.
You people baffle me. You spend all this money on beautiful, fancy books-- and they're the wrong fuckin' books.
"A History of the United States, Volume I." If you want to read a real history book, read Howard Zinn's "A People's History of the United States." That book will knock you on your ass.
That must have taken you a long time.
I'm not here for a fuckin' book report. They're your books, why don't you read 'em?
Yeah, I read those.
Probably not.
Did you buy all these books retail, or do you send away for like a "shrink kit" that comes with all these volumes included?
Take care.
Yeah.
I just wanted to call before you left.  I'm takin' all these job interviews. So I won't just be a construction worker.
Don't bullshit me! Don't fuckin' bullshit me!
What, you want to come in here and save me? Is that what you want to do? Do I have a sign that says "save me" on my back?
You don't want to hear that I got cigarettes put out on me when I was a little kid. That this isn't surgery
No, you don't want to hear that.
Oh, is that what this is about? You want to hear that I don't really have any brothers? That I'm a fuckin' orphan? Is that what you want to hear?
I'm not honest?
What the fuck am I afraid of?!
At least you have a mother.
--some prick from Stanford that your parents will approve of. Then you'll sit around with the rest of the upper crust kids and talk about how you went slummin' too.
--Don't tell me about my world. You're the one that's afraid. You just want to have your little fling with the guy from the other side of town and marry--
What am I scared of?
What do you mean "What am I afraid of?"
I'm not sayin' I'm not in love with you.
One, because I have a job here and two because I live here--
I can't go out to California.
'Cause that's a serious thing you're sayin'. I mean, we might be in California next week and you could find out somethin' about me that you don't like. And you might feel like "hey this is a big mistake."  But you can't take it back, 'cause you know it's real serious and you can't take somethin' like that back. Now I'm in California, 'cause you asked me to come. But you don't really want me there. And I'm stuck in California with someone who really doesn't want me there and just wishes they had a take-back.
And you're sure about that?
Yeah, but how do you know?
How do you know that?
What?
No.
--When it came to stuff like that I could always just play.
Not a lick. I look at a piano and I see black and white keys, three pedals and a box of wood. Beethoven, Mozart, they looked at it and it just made sense to them. They saw a piano and they could play. I couldn't paint you a picture, I probably can't hit the ball out of Fenway Park and I can't play the piano--
Well all right, Beethoven. He looked at a piano and saw music. The fuckin' guy was deaf when he composed the Ode to Joy. They had to turn him around to take a bow because he couldn't hear the crowd going crazy behind him. Stone deaf. He saw all of that music in his head.
I'm trying to explain it to you. So you play the piano. When you look at the keys, you see music, you see Mozart.
Do you play the piano?
Like me?
I guess so.
Some, a little.
I guess. I don't know. How do you remember your phone number?
Instead you're going to bust your ass for five years so you can be broke? SKYLAR No, so I can be a doctor.
You're rich. What do you have to worry about?
Why is it important to you? If I inherited all that money, the only thing important to me would be workin' on my swing.
C'mon, give me a peek and we'll go to the battin' cages.
Want me to take a look?
How's it goin'?
Not tonight.
Then on behalf of my weiner, I'd like to ask for an advance.
I'd say...  It's only four in the mornin', they're prob'ly up.
Sometime. I don't know. Next week.
All right, all right. We'll go.
Aah, it's kind of a hike.
They don't come over here that much.
Exactly.
'Cause it's nicer than my place.
Then let's go have some fun.
You're not going into surgery tomorrow are you?
Didn't your mother ever tell you not to look a gift horse n the mouth?
I couldn't wait till tomorrow.
Promise?
Sorry. I'm sorry. Give me another crack at it. Let me take you out.
I'm sorry, I been real busy.
We'll do that.
All the time. We all live in Southie. I live with three of them now.
Marky, Ricky, Danny, Terry, Mikey, Davey, Timmy, Tommy, Joey, Robby, Johnny, and Brian.
'Course I do, they're my brothers.
It was great. There was always someone to play with, give you advice.
I swear to God.
Yup, you're lookin' at lucky thirteen.
I have twelve big brothers.
You wouldn't believe me if I told you.
Well, Irish Catholic. What do you think?
Do I have a lot of brothers and sisters?
You know, nothing special.
Pretty boring, I guess.
Not far from here, South Boston.
Hey, I spent all my money on those caramels.
No...I was hoping to get a kiss.
I was kinda' hopin' to get a "good night laid" but...I'll take a kiss.
No I wasn't...
No I haven't...
I really don't 'date' that much.
No.
Now, I'm gonna make all these caramels disappear.
In that case, fine.  Want to see my magic trick?
So you just want to use me and go?
Is Harvard gettin' all that money?
I bet your parents were happy to pay.
You aren't, by any chance, Pre-law? Are you?
Yeah, I figured maybe sometime this week we could go to a cafe and have some caramels.
Okay, you got me. It's the ugly, obnoxious, toothless loser who got drunk and wouldn't leave you alone all night.
It's Will, the really funny good looking guy you met at the bar?
The caramel thing is my pick-up line.
I was trying to be smooth.  But at twelve-fifteen I was gonna come over there and talk to you.
Five minutes.
When you think about it, it's just as arbitrary as drinking coffee.
Great, or maybe we could go somewhere and just eat a bunch of caramels.
I didn't mean you. Listen, maybe...
I kind of got that impression.
I'm Will.
What?
