I expected more of you, Ripley. I thought you would be smarter than this.
Look, maybe the thing didn't even exist, right?  And if I'd made it a major security situation, the Administration would've stepped in.  Then no exclusive rights, nothing.
Now, wait a second --
You've been doing your homework. Look, they can't impound it if they don't know about it.
Those specimens are worth millions to the bio-weapons division.  Now, if you're smart we can both come out of this heroes.  Set up for life.
Corporal Hicks!?
Don't make me pull rank, Ripley.
This is clearly an important species we're dealing with here. We can't just arbitrarily exterminate them --
Well, I mean...I know this is an emotional moment, but let's not make snap judgments.  Let's move cautiously.  First, this physical installation had a substantial dollar value attached to it --
Now hold on a second.  I'm not authorizing that action.
She's right.
Yeah?  Maybe the organisms like the heat, that's why they built...
Uh-hunh.  One of thirty or so, all over the planet.  They're completely automated.  We manufacture them, by the way.
I suggest you study the disks Ripley has been kind enough to prepare for you.
Well, it didn't occur to me.  It's been policy for years to have a synthetic on board.
That's the plan.  My word on it.
Yello?  Oh, Ripley.  Hi...
Yes, and I've read it.  You wake up every night, sheets soaking, the same nightmare over and over...
If you go.  It's a second chance, kiddo.  And it'll be the best thing in the world for you to face this fear and beat it.  You gotta get back on the horse...
What if I said I could get you reinstated as a flight officer? And that the company has agreed to pick up your contract?
Running loaders, forklifts, that sort of thing?
I heard you were working in the cargo docks.
Well, the corporation co-financed that colony with the Colonial Administration, against mineral rights.  We're getting into a lot of terraforming...'Building Better Worlds.'
Hear me out...
You are a head case.  Have a donut.
You had them eating out of your hand, kiddo.
Just tell them what happened.  The important thing is to stay cool and unemotional.
Look, I believe you, but there are going to be some heavyweights in there.  You got Feds, you got interstellar commerce commission, you got colonial administration, insurance company guys...
Cancer.  Hmmmm.  They still haven't licked that one.  Cremated.  Interred Parkside Repository, Little Chute, Wisconsin.  No children.
Amanda Ripley-McClaren.  Married name, I guess.  Age:  sixty-six ...at time of death.  Two years ago.  I'm sorry.
Well, I was going to wait until after the inquest...
You'd drifted right through the core systems.  It's blind luck that deep-salvage team caught you when they...are you all right?
We're talking thermonuclear explosion.
What's he scanning for?
It's insured.
Still nothing from the colony?
These Colonial Marines are some tough hombres, and they're packing state-of-the-art firepower. Nothing they can't handle...right, Lieutenant?
Look, we don't know what's going on out there.  It may just be a down transmitter.  But if it's not, I want you there...as an advisor.  That's all.
