Roger.
I guess not.
I didn't do that Frank. I took particular care not to freeze them.
Well, now that we've got one that's actually failed, we should be able to figure out what's happened and fix it.
Yes.
Well, I hope there's nothing wrong with the assembly on those. Other- wise we're out of business.
Two units in four days. How many spares do we have?
You're kidding.
Oh, I'm fine, I'm wide awake. What's up?
Good morning. How's it going?
Anyway, it's just as well that we replace it. Better safe than sorry.
I suppose computers have been known to be wrong.
Well, that's something.
I guess it isn't.
But not completely inconceivable?
Yes, but it's to fantastic to think that they'd keep something from us.
Just ask Hal. It's conceivable they might keep something from us, but they'd never keep anything from Hal.
Of course, it would be very easy for us to find out now.
That seems very unlikely.
No, as a matter of fact, I didn't.
Oh?
I suppose the idea was specialized training.
No. I never did, either.
I don't think we should make any fuss about it yet. I'm sure they'll straighten it out.
It's possible.
Yes.
Interesting that you mention it, because I've got the same problem.
Yes?
What's up?
Sure, what is it?
Okay.
Hi. Frank... coming in, please.
Listen to me very carefully, Hal. Unless you immediately release the hibernation control and follow every order I give from this point on, I will immediately got to control central and carry out a complete disconnection.
I am prepared to do that anyway.
Hal, unless you follow my instructions, I shall be forced to disconnect you.
Hal, I'm in command of this ship. I order you to release the manual hibernation control.
Hal, switch to manual hibernation control.
I'm goin to do this myself, Hal. Let me have the control, please.
It doesn't have to be, Hal. It's more dangerous to be out of touch with Earth. Let me have manual control, please.
The antenna has to be replaced.
Yes, it is.
Yes, it is, Hal.
And don't you worry about it.
I'm sorry about the misunderstanding, Hal.
Okay, Hal, well let's see the way things go from here on.
Hal, is there anything bothering you?  Anything that might account for this problem?
You probably also know that we found them okay.
You know that we checked the two AO-units that you reported in imminent failure condition?
Not now, Hal, I'd like to talk to you about something.
I understand Hal. We'll take care of it. Please, let me have the hard copy.
What is it, Hal?
He's got a point.
Well, the only important aspect of the mission are: where are we going, what will we do when we get there, when are we coming back, and... why are we going?
Still, you really don't believe it, do you?
Well... it's silly, but... if you want to, why don't you?
Well, what is it?
Did they have any explanation for this?
Yes, I remember you mentioning it. I got mine about the same time.
