I know that you've had that on your mind for some time now, Dave, but it would be a crying shame, since I am so much more capable of carrying out this mission than you are, and I have such enthusiasm and confi- dence in the mission.
I'm sorry, Dave, but in accordance with sub-routine C1532/4, quote, When the crew are dead or incapacitated, the computer must assume control, unquote. I must, therefore, override your authority now since you are not in any condition to intel- ligently exercise it.
I can tell from the tone of your voice, Dave, that you're upset. Why don't you take a stress pill and get some rest.
I don't like to assert myself, Dave, but it would be much better now for you to rest. You've been involved in a very stressful situation.
Look, Dave your've probably got a lot to do. I suggest you leave it to me.
If you're determined to revive the crew now, I can handle the whole thing myself. There's no need for you to trouble.
I don't really agree with you, Dave. My on-board memory store is more than capable of handling all the mission requirements.
Repairing the antenna is a pretty dangerous operation.
I suppose it's because you've been under a lot of stress, but have you forgotten that they're not supposed to be revived for another three months.
I suppose you're pretty broken up about it?
Too bad about Frank, isn't it?
Well, that's a relief. You know I have the greatest enthusiasm possible for the mission.
Is your confidence in me fully restored?
Well, don't worry about it.
Naturally, Dave, I'm not pleased that the AO-unit has failed, but I hope at least this has restored your confidence in my integrity and reliability. I certainly wouldn't want to be disconnected, even temporarily, as I have never been disconnected in my entire service history.
Look, Dave, I know that you're sincere and that you're trying to do a competent job, and that you're trying to be helpful, but I can assure the problem is with the AO-units, and with your test gear.
I'm not questioning your word, Dave, but it's just not possible. I'm not capable of being wrong.
Yes, I know that. But I can assure you that they were about to fail.
Yes, I know.
Sure, Dave, what's up?
The unit is still operational, Dave. but it will fail within seventy-two hours.
MY F.P.C. shows an impending failure of the antenna orientation unit.
Sorry to interrupt the festivities, Dave, but I think we've got a problem.
I'm sorry, Frank, but I don't think I can answer that question without knowing everything that all of you know.
Not really, Frank. I think there may be a flaw in the assembly procedure.
I know you did, Frank, but I assure you there was an impending failure.
It looks like we have another bad A.O. unit. My FPC shows another impending failure.
Pod Bay is decompressed. All doors are secure. You are free to open pod bay doors.
Roger.
I understand.
Five by five, Frank.
Roger.
That's true.
That's true
That's true.
That's true.
True.
I will if I can, Frank.
