I think I'll have to go out and burn them off.
I guess you don't know your own strength, old boy.
It's the last one.
Hal?
Two more.
I don't know. Hal said he thought it might be the assembly procedure.
No.
Well... Hal's reported the AO-unit about to fail again.
Are you reasonably awake?
Yes, but it's more likely that the tolerances on our testing gear are too low.
Yes, I don't know what to make of it.
Still, all we have to do is ask Hal.
I suppose it isn't logically impossible.
I know. It would be almost inconceivable.
Not really. Though, it is strange when you think about it. It didn't really make any sense to keep us apart during training.
That's true.
How?
Yes, I thought so.
I don't know. All I heard is that there's something about the mission we weren't told.
Oh, well, apparently there's something about the mission that the sleeping beauties know that we don't know, and that's why we were trained separately and that's why they were put to sleep before they were even taken aboard.
Yes. You must have heard the rumour that went around during orbital check-out.
I suppose so. Though, of course, there's a more sinister explanation.
I must say, I never did understand why they split us into two groups for training.
Well, what do you think we ought to do about it?
Not really. They just said it might be because we trained at Houston and they trained in Marshall, and that we're being charged against differ- ent accounting offices.
Yesterday, I finally called the Accounting Office at Mission Control, and all they could tell me was that they'd received the AGS-19 notification for the other three but not mine, and apparently not yours either.
Really.
That's right. Well, naturally, I didn't say anything to Payroll. I assumed they'd start paying me at the higher grade on the next pay cheque. But it's been almost three weeks now and I'm still being paid as an AGS-18.
Well I got the papers on my official up-grading to AGS-19 two weeks before we left.
It's about my salary cheques.
Well, it's nothing really important, but it's annoying.
Dave, if you've a minute, I'd like your advice on something.
Okay, come on down.
Right. Just a sec.
All right, Hal. We'll take care of it. Let me have the hard copy, please.
Do you have any idea of what is causing this fault?
Let me see the tracking alignment display.
Yes, Hal, what's up?
Opening pod bay doors.
Hal, check all airlock doors secure.
Hal, maintain normal E.V.A. condition.
Hal, I'm going out now to replace the A.O. unit.
Hal, have pod arms secure the component.
Thank you very much, Hal.
There is no other purpose for this mission than to carry out a continuation of the space program, and to further our general knowledge of the planets. Is that true?
Approximately five years after we go into hibernation, the recovery vehicle will make rendezous with us and bring us back. Is this true?
Our transit time is 257 days. Is that true?
Our Mission Profile calls for Discovery going to Saturn. True or false?
Right. Hal, tell me whether the following statements are true or false.
