Right behind you.
Guess I've picked up some bad habits from you, Dutch. Now don't argue with me, you know I'm right. Get to that chopper and hold it for us. We'll be along.
No way, Dutch. I'm going. You get these people and get the hell out of here.
Now what, Dutch. You going to send your mystery guest an invitation?
That rendezvous is ten maybe twelve miles, at most! We're almost home. But the chopper won't wait.
What are you talking about? We'll be out of here in ten minutes.
What the hell do you think you're doing?
You're wastin' your time.
I can accept that, it comes with the job.
We're still too far in, they won't risk coming in for us.
The wound all fused, cauterized... what the hell did this?
She's too valuable. She's got to know their whole network. The whole set up. We take her with us.
We've been lookin' for this place for months. The chopper must have gotten close when they got shot down. Hopper was sent in to get my men. He was just doing his job. When he disappeared I had to clean this up, I had to stop there bastards. We were so close, we couldn't quit. We couldn't sleep through this one. I needed you, Dutch, can't you see that?
Because I told you, you're the best. I knew you could do it but I couldn't get you in here without a cover story.
That's right, I set you up. You're a veteran at this, Dutch, I had to.
Jesus... this is inhuman.  Uh... I wasn't told of any operations in this area. They shouldn't have been here.
Probably another rebel patrol. They operate in here all the time.
They're getting better equipped every day.
You don't know how much I missed this, Dutch!!! Once you get this in your blood, you never get it out!!!
No such thing, old buddy. It's a one way ticket. Once we cross that border, we're on our own.
Our rendezvous points and radio freqs. are indicated and fixed. AWACS contact on four hour intervals.
Those cabinet members are very important to our scope of operations in this part of the world. They're about to get squeezed. We can't let that happen. I needed someone who could get the job done, quick and quiet... no screw-ups. I needed the best. The best. So, I pulled a few strings at the State Department... and here we are.
Also heard that you passed on that little job in Libya.
That piece of work you guys pulled off at the Berlin embassy last week was really something. Blew the entry points on three floors and neutralized the opposition in eight seconds flat. Beautiful.
No way, old buddy.
We both got scores to settle.
Take a position over there. I'll work around towards you. When I flush him, you nail him...
What, Sergeant?
Thanks.
