Shit, that was no big deal.
Forty-two-hundred, I figure.
Not where I come from.
Yep.
Thirty-ought-six, Norton long-barrel with dual-groove, parallel rifling, elevated three-glass scope and a single-throw hammer.
We got us a tent, forty-two feet across, eighteen feet at center, hundred-and-ten foldin' chairs. Circuit's eleven towns, covers all 'a Hasset County and most 'a Weller County.  I expect that upon completion of my military service I will be joinin' said ministry.
I don't make jokes about things of, or related to, the preaching of the Holy Gospel, including the ministerial calling of my family.
In the back of a nineteen and thirty- one stretch Hudson with a big ole' trailer.
I'm Jackson.  I'm from West Fork, Tennessee.  My pappy's a preacher. Him and his two brothers got a ministry, The Blessed Church of the Wandering Gospel.
Figured.
You writin' a book or somethin'?
I am, but I like imported whiskey. So there I am and I hear the biggest ole' coon you ever did hear, 'a rustlin' right there in front of me. That ole' boy comes right out of the brush, I got a clear shot and he knows he's 'bout to meet his maker. I aim, I got my finger tight on the trigger and then I just smile and say to that ole' coon, go on, now, you get out 'a here.  Then I sit down on a hollow log and take me a right long pull a' that mash whiskey.
Me?  I'm walking with my hound, Lucy, it's about an hour 'fore sunrise and we're out huntin' coon.  I got me a flask of pure Kentucky mash whiskey...
No kiddin'?
Like hell, you did.
He ain't Wade.
He ain't half-bad, I guess.
I think I'm we got that eighty-eight.
Reiben, are you makin' fun 'a the way I talk?
Yes, sir.
Cap'n...?
So, that's Ryan.
Yep, you step on a rusty nail, get lockjaw, never say another word as long as you live.
Just shut up, Ryan didn't kill Wade.
Shut up, will you?
Last I knew.
Reiben, how many time I got to tell you, I'm from Tennessee.
Army life is too dang easy, my feet have gone soft.  Back home, we go out squirrel huntin', I walk forever and a day and then some, don't even raise a blister.
You got somethin' against the Cap'n?
Hell, no, last time I shot a corporal, Cap'n Miller near bit my head off.
To each, his own.
Don't that get kind of expensive, Cap'n?
Say what, Cap'n?
Not yet.
Sir, I understand.  I don't like it, but I understand.
Sir, I understand what you're doin', but I respectfully request permission to grieve in my own manner.
Sir, I ain't feeling so chipper on account of Wade.
Watching.
We left them eighty-eights.
In the shadow by those two trees.
Yes, sir.  It seems to me, sir, that the entire resources of the United States Army oughta be dedicated to one thing and one thing only, and that is to put me and this here weapon on a rooftop, smack-dab in the middle of Berlin, Germany.  Now I ain't one to question decisions made up on high, sir, but it seems to me that saving one private, no matter how grievous the losses of his family, is a waste of my God-given talent.
Seems to me, Cap'n, this mission is a serious misallocation of valuable military resources.  Miller Go on.
Sir, I have an opinion on this matter.
I most likely would have, sir, had I been given the opportunity.
Captain, my feet are most uncomfortable.  If I'd 'a known we was gonna have to walk all the way to Ramelle, I never would 'a volunteered for this here mission.
