Thank you, sir.
The numbers don't make sense, sir. His brothers are dead, that's too bad, but they're out of the equation. Sending men up there is bleeding heart crapola from three thousand miles away.  One private is simply not worth a squad.  Colonel anderson This one is.  He's worth a lot more than that.  Which is why I'm sending you, you're the best field officer there is.
Respectfully, sir, sending men all the way up to Ramelle to save one private doesn't make a fucking, goddamned bit of sense.  Sir.
But, sir...I...I...
A private, sir?
Sir?
Pinned down, a mile east of here, waiting for some help from the navy guns.
Yes, sir.
They didn't want to give up those one-fifty-fives, sir.
Fourty-four, twenty one dead.
A company, Wehrmacht, no artillery, we took twenty-three prisoners, turned them over to intelligence.
Sector four is secured, we put out the last three German one-fifty-fives, found them about two miles in from Ponte du Hoc.
Find a chaplain.
It's worth it.
You see, I've got the best house in all of Addley.  It's not the biggest house, but it's got the best location, right next to the junior high baseball field.  The garage windows face left field.  The guy who owned the house before me had these heavy screen S put over them.  The first thing I did when I bought the place was take off those screens.  Two-hundred-twenty- two yards from home plate to my garage windows.  It takes a hell of a junior high kid to hit a ball that far.  I look at my garage windows as a Motivator and a way to scout the kids coming up, the ones who are going to give us a shot at the state championship.  I lay there in my hammock and every time I hear the sound of breaking glass, I know we're one step closer to winning it all.
I'm in my backyard, lying in my hammock, with my arm around my wife, listening for the sound of breaking glass.
Keep trying.
Good, now get your goddamned gear.
You'll grieve the way I tell you to goddamned grieve.  There is no Wade, there was one, but he died a long time ago, he's been dead for so long you can hardly remember his name, you understand?
Who's Wade?
What the hell's the matter with you, Jackson?
Gives Wade the second shot.
They don't send planes to put out machine guns.  Two flank runners with surpressing fire.  I'm going right, whoever goes left has to be fast.
My guess, too.
Where?
Wade?
Reiben, I want you to listen closely to Jackson.  This is the way to gripe. Jackson, continue.
I'd love to hear it.
You didn't volunteer, Jackson.
No, three brothers of his were killed in action.  Command wants him out of there.
A paratrooper named Ryan.  He's going home, if he's alive.
How about that jeep?
A half-track, anything.
White-walls?
I changed my mind.
I teach English at Addley High School in Addley, Pennsylvania.
That's better, but you've still got a long way to go.  Talk to Reiben, he's a natural and works at it, he'll give you some pointers.
There you go again, that's whining, that's not okay.
Upham, you've got to learn the difference between whining and griping.  You can't just rely on natural ability, you've got to study and practice.
Sure, you got one?
Those are Tigers, they have six-inch armor, they don't even notice grenades.
Those guns are close.
You don't count.
Same place we are.
Plenty.
What do they know?  I had nine, but I feel through the ice when I was seven, my brother pulled me out.  Then I used one when a grenade landed in my foxhole in Sicily, it was a dud.  I figure one on the beaches, one on the cliffs and two getting here.
Don't need it, I'm a cat, I've got five lives.
A machine gun.
Thank him and tell him we're sorry about his loss.
Did he see any sign of them?
I don't expect to live that long.
I'll tell you what, if I'm still alive when it hits five-hundred, I'll let you know and we'll split the money.
Some.
It seemed appropriate.
I've been humming it.
It looks like a Renoir.
You think the rest of us were?
Sarge?
Upham?
Like I said, it was nothing.  Don't bunch up.
It was nothing.
DASHES across the street.
Glad of it.
That's not all.  There were nine gunners on the eighty-eights, one had a broken heel on his boot, two had bratwurst for supper last night, one of them is named Fritz, the other, Hans, maybe, I don't know, it's hard to tell.
FORWARD!  FORWARD!  NOW REVERSE!
Reiben, I don't know what I'd do without you.  Sarge, keep Ryan close to you and alive.
Out of the mouth of babes.
We're going to hope like hell the tanks were on their way somewhere else.
Well, if we had ten times the men and a lot more ammo, we might stand a chance, but not against those tanks.
Sarge, see what you can do to make those buildings inhospitable.
But, that's my personal brand of stupidity, I feel kind of proprietary about it, if you do it again, you're busted.
Thanks for drawing that machine gun off me.
Don't let yourself get killed, if you do, they might make me give back the medal and then I won't be able to lip off to colonels anymore.
You know Wade was the eleventh of the twelve, you're the last one still alive.
No, but if I get any worse, you'll have to relieve me.
I think you're right, Keith.
That's the rub.  I liked Wade.  Who's Ryan?  If they're both standing in front of me and I have to shoot one or the other, how do I choose?  Look at my hand, there it goes again.
Simple, numbers.  Every time you kill one of your men, you tell yourself you just saved the lives of two, three, ten, a hundred others. We lost, what, thirty-one on the cliffs?  I'll bet we saved ten times that number by putting out those guns.  That's over three hundred men.  Maybe five hundred.  A thousand. Then thousand.  Any number you want. See?  It's simple.  It lets you always choose mission over men.
Not in so many words, but they tell you you can have all the firepower in the world and if your men don't have good morale, it's not worth a damn.  So if you're scared or empty or half-a-step from a Section Eight, do you tell your men?  Of course not.  You bluff, you lie.
It could be worse.  You know the first thing they teach you at O.C.S.? Lie to your men.
No problem.  A pair of deuces?  Less? So what?  I bluff.  It used to tear me apart when I'd get one of my men killed, but what was I supposed to do?  Break down in front of the ones who were standing there waiting for me to tell them what to do?  Of course not, so I bluffed, and after a while, I started to fall for my own bluff. It was great, it made everything so much easier.  Sarge Is that why your hand's been shaking?
She's the best poker player you ever saw.  My father used to go to these Saturday night games and lose his shirt.  Finally, my mother gave him an ultimatum, either she gets a regular seat at the table or she locks him in every Saturday night. He squawked and so did his buddies but after a while they gave in and from the first night she sat down, she never lost.  She could read those cocky bastards like they were playing open hands.  And he bluffs?  He had sixteen levels of bullshit.  Her eyes, the tone of her voice, her bets, her jokes, the way she sipped her coffee, she was a master.  She won more money on shit hands than anyone in the history of the game. Every Saturday night, my father would lose two, three hundred bucks and she'd win it all back and then some. And I'd stand there, glued to her shoulder, from the time I was five years old, watching every hand, every move, studying how she did it.  That's why I'm such a good officer, I can look at a man's face and tell you exactly what he's holding, and if it's a shit hand, I know just what cards to deal him.
You know why I'm such a good officer? Because of my mother.  Have I ever told you about her?
Yeah, Vecchio, I couldn't remember his name, he was a good kid, remember how he used to walk on his hands and sing that song about the man on flying trapeze?
What was the name of that kid at Anzio, the one who got his face burned off?
Let's just find someplace.
Snatches the morphine from Sarge. Quickly and efficiently prepares a second shot.  He's done this before.
More morphine, hurry up, come on, come on...
SHOVES THE NEEDLE into Wade's neck. Thick vein.  Pumps the morphine straight to Wade's brain.  Motions impatiently to Sarge.
About to pour his sulfa.  Sees the wound.  Stops.  Knows it's fatal.
Rolls to his feet.  FIRE another BURST.  KILLS the last of the German riflemen.  Doesn't pause.  RUNS onto the field.
How about you shut up and take your position?
How about you take your position?
Yeah?  What rule of thumb is that?
I'll be alright.
No.  It comes and goes.  It stops when I look at it.
A couple of weeks.  It started in Portsmouth when they brought us down for loading.
It doesn't take this.
Now you're the one kidding yourself.  Hell of  a mission.
You never know.
If we stayed, we could make a difference.
Command isn't going to let them withdraw and the Germans sure as hell aren't going to let them surrender.
They guys here aren't going to be able to hold out until battalion shows up.
They're fine.  As long as they can gripe, they'll be alright.
Nope.
Since when have things been normal?
Maybe.
Tell that to Private James Ryan. We've got our orders.  Let's go.
That's not what we're here for.
PUSH!
Yep, hell of a mission.
A fucking mess, two maybe three Kraut divisions, no fronts, no lines, the drops were completely fouled up, we've got little pockets of paratroopers all over the place, trying to hang on.  Command says we hold St. Mere, but north of that, it's all Krauts.  Even if Ryan's where he's supposed to be, he's more than likely dead.
Somebody put the wrong crystals in every one of the Hundred-and-First's radios the night before the drop, not one of them works.  We're going in blind.
Now we've got a straight shot, due north, to Ramelle, twenty-six miles, two villages between here and there, St. Mere, then Bernay.  We'll take the jeep as far as we can, then go on on foot.
I've got a line on one.
What about Talbot?
Okay, Wade.  Translators?
I want Reiben on B.A.R; Jackson with his sniper rifle; Beasley, demolition.
Simpson.
Some private up there lost three brothers, got a ticket home.
I wish.  You and I are taking a squad up to Ramelle on a public relations mission.
Don't need to, the Krauts go that covered.
Worked, didn't it?
I THOUGHT YOU WERE MY MOTHER.
GO!
Goddamn it!
Knows what that means.  He hears the RUMBLE OF THE TANKS.
FIRES a burst.  More Germans drop.
Here they come.
Hears the FAINT DISTANT RUMBLE OF THE TANK.  Barely has time to react. Sees:
I wonder if his cabin is still available?
I coach the baseball team, too.
Get back to your positions!
HERE THEY COME!
Cocks his Thompson.  Settles down behind some sandbags.
See to it.
Let's hope, because we're sure as hell not going to do any damage to them with what we have here.
You're goddamned right, I give the order.  Vote!  Jesus Christ!  Listen to me, you little pissant pieces of shit, I am the ranking officer here and what I say goes, is that clear?
You're only allowed to shoot at Germans, that's one of the rules.
I HAVE NO FUCKING IDEA.  HERE WE COME.  Cover me.
ON THE BRIDGE!  WE'RE COMING IN.
Scans the Germans with his binoculars.
That's a mystery to me.
Has anyone ever told you, you're officer material?
But we accomplish the mission.
I don't like that one.
Except for the last part, that one's not bad.
Why's that?
Well now I'm saying we're moving out.  Get off your ass.
Up.  We're moving out.
Is silent.  Motionless.  He gently closes Wade's eyes.  His hand quivers slightly as he unclips one of Wades dogtags.  He fumbles and drops it. Sarge notices.
We can't leave it here.
I'll make a note of your suggestions but I'll leave that last one to you, especially if he's already dead.
Any further thoughts on the subject?
But I am a captain.  If I were not a captain, I would thank you for the compliment and tell you that the ability to lie comes from being a top-notch poker player, which I am, having learned at the side of my mother who is, by popular acclaim, the best poker player in...
In addition, as I pointed out earlier, I have a fondness for cheese and I hope to have the opportunity to sample some of the Ramelle products, when we arrive there, to see if they live up to their excellent reputation. Moreover, I feel heartfelt sorrow for the mother of Private James Ryan and I'm more than willing to lay down my life, and the lives of my men, especially you, Reiben, to help relieve her suffering.  The men thoroughly enjoy the performance.
Reiben, what's the matter with you? I don't gripe to you.  I'm a captain. There's a chain of command.  Griping goes one way, up, only up, never down.  You gripe to me, I gripe to my superior officers.  Up, get it? I don't gripe to you, I don't gripe in front of you.  How long you been in the army?
You have orders, too.
Reiben, there's a fairly good chance you're not going to die at all.
Never mind, don't worry, we'll pick up this kid, high-tail it back to division, everything'll work out fine.
Ours is not to reason why.
Sure, what do you want to know?
Upham, are you sure you've never been in combat?
Stands on the edge of the woods, almost in a trance.
Well, I, for one, like cheese.
There's always a bright side.
There's to be a bright side, look for it.
Yeah, how so?
Sure, Reiben.
Trust me, you're the best.
Sorry, I need a B.A.R. man, you're the best.
Strides through the chaos, avoiding the passing vehicles.  He sees his men and walks toward them.  Reiben hurries up to Miller, pleading.
Stay at it until you get fire control.  Keep 'em down, wait for the navy.
There's a war on, good chance they're not still making lingerie in Caen.
Reiben, how the hell do you know so much about lingerie?
Don't worry, we're the only Rangers this side of the continent, we've got to be first into Caen.
Sure, meet me at the top, we'll start the paperwork.
Sarge?  He was the best friend I ever had.  Lemme tell you about Sarge...
Jackson was from West Fork, Tennessee, he was going to be a preacher, his father and uncles have a traveling ministry out of the back of a stretch Hudson.
Upham?  Good kid, smart, he was writing a book.
Yes, Private.
Races through the debris.  Trailed by BULLETS.
Doesn't move.  He just stares at Sarge's body.
Struggling with a pair of Germans.
You set?  Sarge nods.
Don't do that again.
No, private, I want you to stay here, keep your head down, don't do anything brave or stupid.
Alright, come with me.
Yeah, yeah.  I want you right next to me, no matter where I go, you understand?
The hell you aren't, you're comin' with me if I have to drag you every inch of the way.  You hear me, Private?
This bridge cannot be held.  The Germans have two companies less than three miles from here.  They have tanks.
Private.  I'm sorry about your brothers but staying here and getting yourself killed isn't going to help.
