Jackson, how many times I got to tell you, you're from Tennessee.
What deal?
Well, I'll be goddamned, I knew it.
Nope, he ain't Wade.
I guess.
I mean, Ryan, what do you think of him?
What do you think?
Hell, no!
Y'all come back.
Of course, sir.
He's right, we can't shoot him...well, we could but we'd get in an enormous amount of trouble.  And he's right about the bridge, it's a hell of a lot more important than he is.
Looks like a flaming asshole to me.
You know what the best possible thing that could happen is?
The hell he didn't.
You shut up, this is the most fucked up mission I ever heard of.  Goddamned Ryan, fuck the little bastard.
Fuck Private James Ryan, fuck him, just fuck the goddamned son-of-a- bitch.
Wade, Sarge, Corporal Insect, all of us, hell, I'll bet even the Captain has a mother.
They got squirrels there, too, right?
You know what a B.A.R. weighs? Nineteen and a half pounds, not counting ammo.  And you think these things are comfortable?  They may look good but they weigh twelve pounds each, that's thirty-six pounds, right there.
If we find Ryan and he's still alive, that son-of-a-bitch is gonna carry this goddamned B.A.R. back to the beach for me.
Hell, no.  I think he's the best officer in the whole goddamned army, bar none.
No one's gonna win the money for the simple reason that the Captain never was a civilian.  They assembled him at O.C.S. out of spare body parts from dead G.I.'s.  I know this for a fact.
Jackson?
More tanks...  Ryan Lot's of them The fear on their faces turns to resignation.  They know that they are dead men.  They settle into their positions, and prepare to fire and die.
Continues FIRING.  CUTTING DOWN the advancing Germans.
FIRES a burst.  Germans drops.
That's not where I am.  Miller No? Where are you?
What deal?
Goddamn it...Goddamn it...Goddamn it...
OPENS UP with the MACHINE GUN.
Leave him to me, Captain, I'll have him pissing and moaning with the best of us.
Maybe Caen.
Yes, sir, of course, sir, I was merely speaking hypothetically.  IF this was a voting situation, then the vote would have been unanimous.  But of course, it's not a voting situation, you're the captain, and you give the orders, sir.
Have it your way, Captain.
What if our guys open up, sir?
Looks like they've been having a hell of a party, here, Captain.
Looks like tea time, maybe they're Brits.
No, sir.
Maybe.  But what if he dies on the way back?  you see what I'm saying, sir?  The best possible situation is, he's dead, we find his body, more or less intact, we grab one of his dog-tags and high-tail it back to the beach, or better yet, we head over to Caen and catch up with division.
Neither do I, sir.  C:  And this is the worst one, we find Ryan and he's wounded.  Not only does he not carry my gear, we have to carry his gear. And him.
B:  Ryan is dead.  He's been blown up by the German equivalent of Wade, whose name I know you don't want me to mention.  There's nothing to find. The biggest piece is the size of a pea.  We wander around, looking for him until the Germans pick us off, one after another.
Well, sir, consider the possibilities. A:  Ryan is alive.  We have to take him back to the beach.  Knowing you, you don't let him carry my gear, even though he really should, and we all get killed, trying to keep him alive.
I've given this a lot of thought, sir.  The best thing that could happen is, we find Ryan and he's dead.
I thought you said we had an hour, sir?
Goddamn it...Goddamn it...Goddamn it...
Sir, I've got an idea, let's go around.
Yes, sir, as a final note, I'd like to say, fuck our orders, fuck Ramelle, fuck the cheese capital of France and while we're at it, fuck Private James Ryan.
Sir, if you were not a captain, I would compliment you, now, for being an excellent liar.
I'm sorry, sir, I apologize.  But if you weren't a captain, or if I were a major, what would you say?
Well, maybe not the Captain, but the rest of us have mothers.
Easy for you to say, sir.  Fucking James Ryan, I'd like to wring his fucking neck.
I'd much rather die in Caen than Ramelle, sir.  It's a personal thing.
Huh?
Well, sir, in purely arithmetic terms, since when does six equal one?  What's the sense in risking six guys to save one?
Captain, could you please explain the math of this mission to me?
Jesus Christ, he's a natural!
General Gavin is going to be very irritated at you, Captain.
I'm listening, sir.
Sir, you know what Ramelle is famous for?  Cheese.  The rest of the company is going to Caen and we're going to the goddamned cheese capital of France.  There is no bright side.
I should be on my way to Caen, sir. It's like Beethoven, the guy's one of the greatest composers ever lived and he goes deaf.  Go figure, I mean, who'd he piss off?  And here I am, the Beethoven of ladies foundation garments, one step away from Caen, the center of the known lingerie universe and instead, I'm going to Ramelle to save some fucking private who's probably already dead.
Captain, I gotta tell you, the irony of this mission is fucking killing me.
Where are you planning on putting Private Ryan, sir?
Captain, can I ask you a question?
But, sir...
No, I'm not, Kaback is, honest.  Or what about Faulkner?  Or that little guy with the glasses?
Please, sir, you can't take me to Ramelle, I gotta go to Caen, sir, please, I told you, they make Caen lingerie there, it's beautiful, it's the best there is, it's...oh, please, sir...
I don't think so, Captain.
Oh, Captain, they'll always make lingerie, it's one of the three basic needs of man -- food, shelter, silk teddies.  Miller Dream on, private.
Lingerie is my life, sir.  My mother's got a shop in Brooklyn, I grew up in it, from the time I could crawl, we carry Caen lingerie, it's the best there is, it's all I been thinking about since the invasion.
Just picture some French number been spending all day, every day, making cream-colored, shear-body negligees with gentle-lift silk cups and gathered empire waists, what the hell you think she wears at night?
So, you ever heard of employee discounts?  My uncle sells shoes, gets twenty-five percent off everything in the line, got a closet filled with the best looking shoes you ever seen.
Sir, what if they send some other company into Caen ahead of us while we're pinned down here?
Captain, can I put in for a transfer?
...for you to blow up, yeah, yeah, we heard that.
Wade's right, it's some kind of scientific, magnetic thing, I can't explain it, but I've seen it.
You want unpleasant?  Just wait, I can do much better than this.
Fine, you convince yourself you got a pack full of feathers and goddamned Private James Ryan can carry my fucking gear.
Oh, Christ, now we gotta listen to that grandfather thing again.
That's because, as I have pointed out on numerous occasions, you are a happy idiot.
Hey, I got a mother.  Jackson, you got a mother?
Captain, he's fast!
I usually like surprises.
Lingerie.
I care.  Don't you know what Caen's famous for, Sarge?
Out of the frying pan, into the fucking latrine.
Shit, sir.
What about you, Captain?
Goddamn it...Goddamn it...Goddamn it...
On guard, glancing back.  Pissed off.
He's fast, Captain, I saw him.
We know.
Get lost.
