Did you see what he did, back there? He stepped right into the open, so I could get across.
You take account of the wind?
That must be four thousand yards.
You must be a hell a shot.
The Army gave you that?
What about the Captain?  Where's he from?
So they travel around from place to place and preach?
No kidding.
In West Fork?
As a matter of fact, I am.
So, where are you from?
Captain, what about our deal?
What'd you say, Captain?
Goddamn it, sir...
But, sir...
The Germans do.
Would they notice and eighty-eight?
What about our grenades?
I can tell what the gunners had for dinner.
I'd like to stay, too, Captain.
I wonder where they're going.
That only leaves three.
The men said, nine.
Good luck, Captain.
What is it?
No, but he heard firing, just east, less that a kilometer.
Five nights ago, he found this paratrooper caught in a tree with a broken leg.  The leg got infected. Last night he went to Ville Cholet to get a doctor.  The doctor refused to come and when he got back, this is what he found.  The Krauts must have shown up while he was gone.
If that's the way you feel, why don't we wait until it's up to a thousand.
Over three-hundred.
Where are you from, Captain?
You know classical music?
I heard.
Yes.  Do you know Sibelius' Fourth Symphony, The Normandy?
I wasn't made for this.
Pass.
But you could have gotten killed and I...
Sir, I'm sorry about what happened, I...
On the other side of the street, crouches in a doorway with Jackson. Upham is a bit in shock, less from the nearness of the bullets than from what Miller just did for him.
You can tell all that, just by the sound, sire?
I know about bracketing.  I read about it.  The next one is going to land right on us.
I don't know, I kind of like Wade's idea about the cruise ship.  I've never been to Tahiti.
Freaked out.  Trying to keep his eyes on the perimeter.  Can't.
Sir, I ran the 220 in high school.
Somebody must know where he's from, what he did for a living.
But everybody's heard of him, he won the Congressional Medal of Honor, he saved a dozen men.
So, where are you from?
Twenty-four-five.
You think he really believed it?
How do you do it?
Demolition, right?
