I don't know.  I was thinking...Maybe the three of us might partner up -- guns for hire, that sort of thing.
Only the stupid ones.  Cigarettes kill more patriots than bullets.  Besides, I'm not IRA no more.
You go shoot me if you want, Vincent, but you'll be dead before I hit the ground.
Well I don't!
I don't know.
Of course.
Very good.  Now all we have to do is live long enough to get paid.
Leaving...
Is that right?
Coordinate all you want, but make sure whatever you do gets cleared through me.  Are we in sync on this, Vincent?
I drink what every civilized man, woman and child in the world drinks: Guinness.
Budweiser?  You talk to me of beer and you've the unbridled gall to mention Budweiser in the same sentence?  That's not beer!  Christ, it's not even a poor excuse for rabbit piss.
Best beer in the world known to man or God.
Some places, not all.  Italy, for instance, they're serious about their food.  But try bloody Britain, anywhere in the U.K., you don't get much fancier than a deep-fried bar egg.  Food's not our thing, you see.
That's why you were riding with him.
And you believed me?  But it wasn't my people who did it.
And then...
Which leads us to...
The deal?  The deal is we leave for Nice at first light.
And who are you?
The name is Deirdre, and I'm running this show.
It's good to see you've all got such faith in our little undertaking.
No, Seamus.  I heard you the first time.
You're thinking with your gun, Seamus, and not your head...
You better be careful, Seamus, before something happens a plastic surgeon can't fix.
They're good!
Not yet...
You lose them!
That's him.
They're part of the team.  One of them's the guy I told you about.
Would somebody tell me what fucking well happened in there?
Not to me, you know that.
So you thought that maybe I'd grown too attached to this charade I've been playing, is that it?
And what's that supposed to mean, Seamus Reilly?
When we're done with this, I want to do for that one myself.
Come off it, Sam -- if we weren't friends already we wouldn't be here now, would we?
Alright?  It's bloody fucking freezing in here!
Bloody fucking hell...
Where do you get off saying word one? All the time pretending to be one of us, it's the same thing we were doing, Seamus and myself.  And here you are so high and mighty, like you're so different from the rest of us.
I'm a patriate.
Well, if it isn't Mr. Interpol himself.  I can't believe I misjudged you like I did.
That we're too stupid to trace his calls.
I bought it for him -- all the stuff he was using, it was in his contract.  Cost a nice penny, too, especially that goddamned phone: Gregor had expensive tastes.
Exactly.  Gregor, he was the Russian's man.  It was my people came up with the idea for this run, but the Russians who had the capital to finance it.  Gregor, he was their insurance, and I was ours. Everybody else was supposed to be neutral.  Gregor must've got to Swede...
I don't know...  Well I don't!  It's a goddamned mystery to me just like it is to you.  But I do know who we're working for.  My people, and the Russian mob.
Just business.
I better be getting that.
Exactly.  And last night I wanted to be with someone who was just like me.
I know I don't have to, Sam, it's just that, for once, I want to.  when I was a -  Patriot, it was a given I'd sleep with any man it was deemed necessary for me to sleep with.  You know: any man who needed setting up.  Sometimes so we might blackmail him, sometimes so he could be killed.  Sometimes so I could kill him myself. IRA isn't exactly an enlightened feminist organization, Sam.  To most of the men I with I was always the girl.  "Send the girl to do it."  "Tell The girl to take care of it."  "Have the girl fuck him."  But I look at you and I get this feeling you take me for what I am: no more, no less.
Look, Sam, don't take it the wrong way when I tell you we won't be doing this again.
I probably do.  But for the time being, I'm willing to forget about it...
Nobody's saying they don't.
That's right.
I still am.
I feel as if I've wandered onto the set of Enter The Dragon.  Could you teach me to do that?
The two of you were supposed to go to a simple meet and come back with a simple piece of information, and instead you went to fucking war...
You were a soldier, were you?
He'll kill me anway, Sam, shoot though me and kill this fucker.
Don't do it, Sam!
That fucking figures...
Where's the case?
Alright, Gregor, I'm...
Next.
Now then, let's run through it one more time, shall we?  What's your job?
But would you stake your life, that's the question...
You sure about this?
Good, because it cost enough.  There's cheaper phones by far than that one, man: you better fucking use it.
From here on in you want something you pay cash for it: no credit cards, no bank accounts are in place: ten percent up front, the rest when the job is done.  You.  What do you do and what should we call you?
Not likely.  Once, yeah, I was -- but there wasn't an inch of profit in it, and I'm a cash oriented girl, if you take my meaning.  I'm a hired gun, same as the rest of you, and that's all any of us needs to know about the other.
