As my American friend Larry would say: are you fucking deaf?  It's under your seat.
It's under your seat.
To make a point.  I don't know her, and I was ready to splatter her brains all over the sidewalk.  I don't particularly like you, so imagine what I'll do if you try anything...
Do you really think so?
Always in a rush, you are.  All these years I've known you, you could never wait for anything.
Shut up!
Go ahead, shoot... Shoot and kill the bitch, I don't care.  And yet you don't shoot.  Interesting. Put down your weapon and walk away.
Should any of you decide to rush me, I'll kill myself and whoever happens to be near me at the time.
There's a problem...
Ready when you are...
I use my cell phone to get computer access to the telecommunications satellite used by our target.  I trace his cell phone signature and use it to pin point his location as he moves through Nice, relaying that information to you.
In this business, your life and your reputation are more often than not one and the same.
I'd stake my reputation.
I intend to.  This phone is wired like no other: it's got an encryption chip and instant sat-a-link recognition, it can talk to any computer in any language and make it understand.  With my custom hardware and this phone I can trace the target's cell phone signature and follow him anywhere he goes...
It's quite satifactory.
These days they they call me Gregor -- and I'm a tech.  I do electronic work, surveillance, computer runs.
Who are you?  IRA?
I think not.  After you...
You first, Edvard.
Really?  Do you have the money with you?
I'm sure.  But I'm sorry to say that it's too late for trust: we have a serious problem.
I'm touched, really, that they'd send someone of your caliber.  It's nice to know that they didn't make the mistake of underestimating me twice.
We'll die if we stay here!
I'll destroy whatever's in the case.
Enough!
Edvard said the same thing about you before he died.
No, Mikhi, I wouldn't.  Since I won't speak your language, and you can't speak mine, English will do nicely.
I think not.  I have, of course, taken the precaution of wiring the briefcase to explode five seconds after it opens.  Unless, of course, I deactivate it before it goes off.
So, you've got it all figured, do you?
But you hate each other!
It is, I'm telling you it is!!
I swear, it has to come here!  It has to...
A post office box.
I sent it to myself in Paris.
I swear...
I don't have it with me...
Now that is an interesting proposition.
Whoever hired us.
What I do is none of your concern.  What you should do is wait for my next phone call.  I'm going to find a place where I can tilt the field in my favor.  When I'm ready, I'll call you and tell you what I want you to do.
I'm in the middle of saving you people a great deal of money -- the least you could do is have the decency to pay me!
Much to your disappointment, no doubt.
It's done.
I do, I do...
I need you, Swede, I can't do this without you!
Nobody's going to do that!
What are you doing?
What's that?
Then I guess we're set.
A means to an end, is that it?
I would imagine that the great satisfaction in all of this will be killing the American.
Because if there's more than one party involved, if we really are working for different people, then perhaps some of us are on different sides.  Your orders might be different from mine.
