Not me.  You work too often with the same people and you become friends -- clouds your judgement.
Are you alright?
I didn't say I was.
Don't even think that I'm buying that.
Oh please..you're on some sort of holy mission?
Check this out.  Gregor's a spook, or he was one until recently.  When he was a spy he lived the life -- you know, a prince in some Eastern Bloc country where nobody had shit and Gregor had everything.  Then the wall goes down.  No more Cold War.  And Gregor is out of a job.  No apartment, no special stores with Western food and video tapes.  I would bet dollars against shit that Gregor liked that phone and he doesn't want to give it up.  And I wouldn't be surprised if he's arrogant enough to think...
Because if they had she'd be gone along with the package, instead of sitting here with us.
Now, what did we steal?
Duty calls?
You're a hired gun, Deirdre -- just like me.
You don't have to explain yourself to me, Deirdre.
And when I consider that, I have to wonder if you don't have some ulterior motive for being here, with me, right now.
Part of me says I should just look at this as a perk.  You know, a bonus.  But then I remember you're you -- Deirdre who used to belong to the IRA -- and it occurs to me that deceit and subterfuge come very naturally to you.
Is that right?
I didn't think to see you again tonight. You were pretty pissed.
We weren't real thrilled about it either...
Hazard pay...
Once.
Sam.  I'm a weapons guy.
Sent it where?
Then where is it?
Bullshit!
Don't talk to me unless you tell me what I want to hear, understand?!?  You have no choice in this, don't think about winning, think about staying alive.  I want the item, and if you don't give it to me, I'm gonna kill you.
So none of us knows who's paying the freight, this is just some anonymous job. For all we know, we're working for different people.
I got this gig through a contractor. And he most definitely didn't know who was doing the hiring, only that they were paying a lot of money...
A Samurai has honor, a Samurai live by the code of Bushido, the way of the warrior.  I'm just a killer for hire.  The world isn't about honor, anymore. It's about survival.
Vincent's life is his own burden; he'll have to carry it for himself.  And I'm not any kind of Samurai.
Created?
So what is it you want to know?
If I was healthy, I could take that away from you.
So this is what, a test?
Vincent told you that I'm a cop?
I didn't expect that he would.
It gets done now or not at all.  Another couple of days and the parties concerned are gone where I can't get them.
Yeah.
Soon.
Some, thanks.  Enough to move on, for now.
Then if you don't mind...  I'm gonna pass out.
You think you can stitch me up on you own?
No booze...Pain's in the mind, and the mind I can control.  Alright, let's do it.
American.
Did he bring that with him?
It's a cocktail.  Mostly demerol, cut with a little crank because we might need you awake in the real near future.
My way is better.
It's been known to happen.
Long enough to shoot back.
All in the stomach, though.  Your man might live.
You shoot alright.
The point remains: we could be working for different people.  There's a chance for one of us...  Maybe more than one of us -- has been paid to cross the others.  I don't know about you guys, but I like to know who I'm working for.  It can help prevent a great deal of...  ...unpleasantness.
I told you, I quit.
Gone.  Destroyed.
I don't know.  Nobody knows, except a bunch of people who are too dead to tell us.  There's probably a couple of guys back at the Company who know, but I don't think they plan to tell me anytime soon.
You better get some sleep, alright?
You don't owe me a goddamned thing, Vincent, and you know it.  You stepped in front of a bullet for me.  I owe you a heavy debt.
What of it?
What?
And now...
Let's get him out of here...
I'll work on it...
No, I don't.
That's a good question.
And yet you would have killed him to save my life.  You have a sense of honor, Vincent, that I can't even remember anymore.  I don't know that I ever even had it to begin with.  All I know to do, Vincent, is to finish my job.
It's the one thing I've got left to hold onto.  Jean-Pierre is one of your closest friends, is he not?
Because I don't walk away.
The mark of a true Samurai.  What I do for the Company, Vincent, is no different than what you do.  We're both hired guns, and this is a job -- like any other job.
Would you stop with that...
Not just like that... Just before I turn around and it's six months from now and the first thing I do when I wake up in the morning is light a cigarette.
Time to quit.
Not here.  They might see it.
Yeah.  We need out fucking heads examined.
In a minute.
No you don't, and you know it.
I know I don't need to say this to you, but I need to say it to you.  This is my job, I have to do it.
Business keeps you on the road?
Gimme a goddamn cigarette!!!!
Give me a cigarette.
I don't know...
You said it yourself: Gregor's not dead. If they had the package, they'd have killed him.
They don't have the package.
How could you have done that?
You would have done that?
You were behind the door?
I never made that claim.
It is at that.
Dark operations.  Wet work.  Kidnaping. Assassination.
I'm a field agent -- last of an already extinct breed.  I do dark ops.
Sure I do.  You heard him, you heard the guy -- that's what he said, what Edvard said.
It's my job.
Do what?
You sure your friend got the right place?
Thorough man.
What's this?
The Irish representative?
I know of him.
Good.  Now take the forceps, and remember, Vincent, what we're doing here is routine.  I've done stuff like this at least twenty times in the field.  There are no vital organs where you're working, no major muscles or arteries -- you can't kill me.  Just make sure you've got the bullet before you try to pull it out.
You see the bullet?
You don't have to do this.
This doesn't involve you, don't you understand?  I can't even guarantee you any money out of all this.
We?  There is no we in my world now, Vincent, just me.
My job, Vincent, a job you don't need to know about.  I can't go to the local cops -- they'd never be able to get close enough at this point.  It's me or nobody, and I've been on this job too goddamned long not to finish.
If I was a cop, a real cop, I'd have busted you a long time ago.  This isn't about you, it's about the job I have to do.
Not exactly.
No hospitals.  I'll fix this myself if I have to.
You know one around here?  Somebody you trust?
I didn't save your life back there. Risked it, maybe -- but I didn't save shit.
But you can't.
It's Paris.  The route's too indirect for anything else.  A guy like Gregor, he doesn't waste time on this road unless he has to be on it in the first place. Otherwise, he'd be out of the country by now.  He's going to Paris.  Now I just hope we can find him before he gets there.
He's going back.
You might be a hired gun, Vincent, but I got a feeling you cost more than two bits.
We live in a singular world, my friend.
You don't.  You just learn to live with it.
I've seen a lot of people die before.
It was at that.
I have a feeling I'm about to start buying my own.
I borrowed that, too...
I hope you don't mind I took your pack. It was on the table.
I came up here to sneak a smoke.
What's going on?
Gregor's cell phone...
Because that's what I would have done...
I saw you look off when Francois nodded his head.  I figured he wasn't pointing out a particularly rare shrub, and the rest was easy.
Know what?
Well I ain't a cop.
You know, what you pulled back there, that was bullshit.
You need to know a lot of shit, Vincent.
See what?
What's going on?
They'd have to keep something like this under lock and key in New York, and it would still get fucked up.
Whatever it is it must be goddamned priceless.
That's right: there's not hardly enough work these days, nothing that pays the big money, anyhow.  Then along comes this job, paying so much goddamned money I couldn't afford not to take it.  Somebody's paying through the nose for this.
Who am I?
I've wondered that myself.  None of this answers my question, though...  Why bring me?
Deirdre?  Smart, yeah, and seriously goddamned dangerous.
Watch that one, he's an ex-spook for sure, maybe Stasi, maybe KGB.  He's smart, Gregor is.
Exactly.  Why not bring them?
So, Vincent: why bring me along for the ride?  Job like this calls for a warm body, somebody who can stand around and look threatening.  A tough guy.
It has it's moments.  Course, you get cancer and die, that's the down side.
I do.
I have, I don't know, maybe a cigarette a week.
One's a lot more painful than the other.
Not at all.  Similar, but not the same.
Jujitsu.
What'd you say to him?
I don't.  But the language he's speaking is universal.
And I suppose he's saying that we oughta give them something for using it, huh?
As in, they own it?
That's what I thought.
I can do that.
Where to?
Coordinate what?
He trusts you to lock up?
No thanks.
I know cops -- and you're no cop.
Who else would you be?
Sorry I'm late...
Seamus Reilly.
It's the Irish tape we want.
Why's that?
I'm sure.
Gaelic.
What's the story?
