I'm up for that...
So where do you go from here?
I don't want you dead, woman, I want the the truth!
And I don't believe you...
When this whole thing started you made it clear: you're running the show.  And I don't believe you'd be running this show if you didn't know what was going on.
Finding this package is a thing easier said than done.  We don't even know what it is.  What did we steal?
And then Sam, you and I clean up whatever's left to be cleaned.
While Sam and I take out the back two cars...
We kept it...
Of course.
Then you better find it in your heart to tell me, Francois, because while your death is inevitable, it still isn't decided how painful it's going to be.
Where's my information?
I take it you still want the money...
What's that?
Here's yours.
What do you mean?
He's company.
Do you have it?
How did you know?
Not exactly.
Of course.  Don't you?
Yes, Sam's tough alright.
Hello, Jean-Pierre.
Just to keep me company, Sam -- I hate smoking alone.  How about you?  I thought all you IRA types smoked.
I guess that's for the best.
What happened to it?
Tell me something first.  The package: what was it?
I know.
"Your field dressing saved his life." That's three I owe you.
Nothing...
You speak French.
You son-of-a-bitch...
Finish it!
Finish the job...
You have to stop doing that!
Do you have a good answer?
And when you finish?  What then?  This package, whatever it is, do you give it to the CIA?  Do you really think they deserve it?
Closest and oldest.
Why not?
Why then, Sam, don't you act like this is a job like any other?  Surely, if you are a hired gun, you realize that some times you just have to walk away without getting what you came for.
Why?  You've got more force of will than anyone I've ever seen.  You handle a gun like it's a part of you, you perform surgery on yourself without anesthesia...  And most amazing of all, you quit smoking, just like that.
What of it?  Samurai pain in the ass.
Just like that?
If I'm going to die for the CIA, I'm going to go out smoking.  Besides, there's half a forest between us and them, they can't see a goddamned thing.
Do we need anything else?
I think not.
If our positions were reversed, would you leave me?
So I do it.
Something like that.
I'm not here very much.
Why are you driving?  You're not French, you don't live here, you don't know these roads.  Why are you driving?
Right now?
You don't know?  Bullshit, you had her, there was no way out.
What the fuck happened?
You think?
Because I owe you.  Look at that...
I would have tried not to.  But yes, if it would have kept him from shooting you, I would have.
I was waiting to see what would happen. I didn't want to kill him if I didn't have to.
I know.  Jean-Pierre did.
Not very zen of you, huh?  Not so much the modern Samurai after all.
Very ugly.
Dark ops?
It's a cover, then.  A cover within a cover, a feint within a feint.  You work for the CIA, it's the only possible answer.
Then quit.  You don't work for Interpol, Sam.
Continue when it would be so much easier to give it up.
Tell me, Sam: why do you do this?
If Tony says this is it, then it's it.
The address of the Russian production company.  Just in case we need to find them.
Yes.
You know him?
Clearly.
Alright, it's done.
Yes I do.
It isn't about money for me, not anymore.
I'm going with you.
It looks to me like we're all that's left of our group.
And what job is that?
You're with Interpol -- you're a cop.
Fix it yourself?  Why are we even doing this?  There's no need to run, Christ...  You're a cop.
No...I thought I'd take you to the hospital.
You see it your way, I'll see it mine. You need a doctor.
That makes twice now you've saved my life.
You're a cop...you're a fucking cop...I should kill you.
Not necessarily.  He could go off road at any number of places.  He might not even be in the country anymore.
I never really thought I was part of the world you move in, Sam, to tell you the truth.  I'm a hood, a thief.  Big time in a small time king of way.  To the local police I'm a prize, to the local hoods I'm a legend.  But to a guy like you I'm just another two bit hired gun.
I won't lie -- there have been times when I had to do it, times when the only way to get out alive was to see that the other man didn't.
I haven't.  Not like that.  How do you get used to it?
A lot of people died.
Of course...whenever you feel like it just help yourself.
Please, help yourself.  Smoke as many you'd like.
You were smoking?
You weren't around when I woke up, I thought maybe something had happened.  This has been one very fucked up job, Sam, and I'm not taking any more chances on anybody...  Including you...
The question still remains: what do we do now?
But how did you know I would have the presence of mind to pull my weapon when I did?
That there was a gun pointed at me.
How did you know?
I needed to see if you were a cop.  I'm a popular man with the police, Sam, and whenever they try to catch me they always do it with an inside guy -- some man on some job who seems more trustworthy than all the others put together.  And that's the guy you have to watch out for.  I hate cops...
I needed to know.
I just wanted to see something.
Lovely, isn't it?
They certainly are.  Whatever it is we're going to steal, it must be quite something.
You were once some kind of special forces.  Airborne Ranger, maybe a Navy SEAL.  After that you rode shotgun for the CIA in some place like El Salvador or Afghanistan, a real mercenary.  Only now -- now you're like the rest of us, it's a very competitive market since the end of the cold war.  There's a lot of hired guns out here, and not nearly enough work to go around.
I wanted to see who you were.
I wonder if she truly left the IRA.
So is the woman.
Let's just say I thought the conversational possibilities were limited.  Of course, I might have brought Gregor, but he didn't seem like the right candidate -- for this.
Like Larry or Swede.
There is that.
Christ, I smoke a pack-and-a-half a day, and I tell myself I could be worse.  It's just so damned pleasurable.
A cigarette?  As in one?  One cigarette a week, who smokes like that?
Help yourself.  Since when do you smoke?
What's the difference?
Same thing, isn't it?
That was a nice move you did on our young friend.  Judo?
I asked if we could give him anything else.
I didn't know that you spoke French.
Something like that...
He says this is their block.
Pretty much what you'd expect.
To see a man about a thing.
Things.  This is my country, you know.
I'm Vincent.  And I coordinate.
Let's just say he knows who I am.
Cigarette?
Perhaps the police?
What makes you think we're here to meet you?
You put everything on the line because you...
You slept with her!
You slept with her!
Why didn't you kill her?
It's a matter of respect.  Why don't you wait outside, this won't take long.
Tony and I have to talk some business, first.
I get the picture.
Can you get it?
You said you might know where we can get a copy of this tape?
Do you have the tape?
I was wondering if you had any movies that were particularly new.
A friend.  I was telling him about how you always have the latest tapes.
I'm alright.  And you?
