I took yours from you.  Your little girlfriend?  I took hers, too.  Your meaningless, petty life?  I took it so that tonight your existence might gain a purpose.  You're no avenger. You're mine.
I don't believe that. Lao motions to Grange with the killing blade.  Grange RELAXES his deathgrip on the crow.  MOVE IN CLOSE on Eric so we may perceive a palpable degree of relief.
Sooner or later, my action were destined to bring me a genuine Fury.  And it turned out to be you. At last.  I appreciate your abilities as few mortals can. That's why I desire them.
I know.  That is why I will prevail.  Mr. Grange... ?
I wish to possess what you have now.
Of course you can. ANGLE - GRANGE IN THE GALLERY --  in darkness.  The running lights on his night-scoped, laser-sighted sniper's rifle which THROWS vague sprays of eerie red and green light.
I believe our friend Elly call you Mister Crow.  Please acknowledge; the mike will pick you up.
No shooting.
Is he inside?
Who is only invulnerable so long as he cares about the dead.  When he begins to care about the living, you'll find his heart can bleed... and I want it to bleed for me.
Mmm.  But tonight I can take what is his.
Do you know of spirit assassins? You do know the dead can rise? Properly motivated, of course.
I intend no slight to you, but I cannot find the English to adequately express just what he is.  I suppose Western mythology would describe him as a Fury.
Extremely so.  You and I are the recipients of unwanted good fortune, in the form of a man everyone is calling The Crow.
This is a cobra, Mr. Grange.  Yes, it is real.
Did you see an animal of any kind? Did you see a bird?
Your comprehension is not required.  Your cooperation and, indeed, your ability are the issues on the table.
Do you think this childish machismo impresses me?  When I was a boy in Saigon I watched my country change one block at a time,  one building at a time.  Whole lives erased.  A way of life, polluted.  Today, no one forces me to move.  I use my powers to change your country, one block at a time,  one building at a time.
Come now.  You've seen the graffiti -- all over the city in the few hors it has taken your men to drop like plague victims. What about your turf, Top?  You don't seem to have ripped out anyone's heart yet.
Sounds like our "Crow" is out-maneuvering you.
To be sure.  Now tell how your friend died.
I know of no one.  But even if there is, I am sure it is nothing outside your capacity to deal with?
I had heard something like this.  Describe it for me.  The "hit".
Who got himself what?
An unexpected pleasure.
