We are now accused of aiding the rebels. The Chinese said we can expect drastic measures to be taken to crush this revolt.
I will alert the Chinese delegation. You know, I would never have let you go alone, Kundun.
The crowd will not disperse until you give your assurance that you will not attend the Chinese festivities. Many who have been invited to dine with the Chinese do not return home.
They will take Lhasa next.
Non-violence means co-operation when it is possible. Resistance, when it is not.
The Communists put their guns in the hands of the Khamba children and force the child to kill the parent. They have dropped bombs on the monastery of Lithang in Kham. It has been destroyed. Women and children, trying to escape from the fighting, have been shot with machine guns, fired from airplanes.
Land reform is underway in Amdo. The large estates are being confiscated and redistributed. Landlords are being punished.
The Khamba's gun is his most prized possession. I admire them so. They face a modern, well equipped army, and still, they fight.
Did you ever doubt it?
Shall we consult the protective deities, Holiness?
The Chinese would see such a pact as an open declaration of war.
It is unlikely. America, perhaps. There is great anti-communist feeling in America.
Your prime minsters would argue that such negotiations should take place in Lhasa.
In the Americas.
One country did sponsor the resolution. A land called "El Salvador".
The radio contact said one officer had died. Then he said, "The Chinese soldiers -- they are coming." And then, the radio went dead.
Eight thousand, five hundred, soldiers and officers. We have recently requested mortars, anti-aircraft guns and ammunition from India. We have several hundred in the area.
Quite simple. Yes. Good.
America, we shall see.
Britain chooses not to.
India is a newly independent nation. They are struggling. India is in no position to help us.
Yes. As a free country. But our attempts have proven futile. We continue to be badly outmaneuvered by the Chinese.
The war is over. This is a time in when nations are redefining themselves.
Ask whatever you will.
You are the man who wrote this letter. You are the man who has come back to lead us. You will soon have great responsibilities. You must know what to do.
I am sorry for you to have to witness this, Kundun.
When it is time.
He warned about the future of Tibet.
I do not know, Holiness.
It is an island. American territory.
In the Pacific Ocean.
No. This war is almost over.
No. Not very big.
Roughly five thousand men.
May I listen to the news with you, Holiness?
