It's the same.  What happened to what they gave you?
What are you thinking, calling me at home with a message like that?  You've compromised me and our relationship --
I can't do that.
Helena --
Helena, please.  This is out of your hands.
Have you gone crazy?  You are not Carl.  You aren't as good as Carl.  They are moving the trial to a high security location.  The press has gone berserk.  The jury will be influenced.  Stay out of things. Let us try to win the case.
That was a stupid thing you did. Incredibly stupid.
I remember when I first met you: little Helen Watts from the wrong side of somewhere.  I had a feeling even then that your survival instincts were pretty well honed.
Laundromats for the washing of money. Unfortunately, Carl had only one successful business.
Even if I knew I wouldn't tell you. You do not want to come into contact with these people.  Only Carl knows who they are.  That's his real asset. Ruiz doesn't know them.  They don't know Ruiz.  Church and State.
Yes, I told you before, there are people who owe you money but they're not paying.  There's too much heat on Carl.
Helena, if I had it I would give it to you, but I don't have that kind of money.
This place is swept twice a day.  I learned that in Miami in '85.  Then the U.S. shut down the whole Caribbean, but it's a big game of wack-a-mole.  Knock it down in Miami, it pops up here.  And San Diego is so much more relaxing.
I suspect he'll accept his payment in publicity.
You're gonna get through it, but the first thing we do is get Michael Adler to represent Carl.  We get Adler and we beat this thing.
Of course he is.  I've known him for twenty years and he doesn't jaywalk...
That's a very apt analogy, Helena. Now, go home and be with your children.
I don't know, but under no circumstances would I talk about it here.  I want you to go home and relax the best you can.  Continue your life as if nothing has happened. That is very important.
Got it?  Good.  Do not discuss anything over the telephone.  Do not talk to the neighbors.  Stay out of your yard.
Good.  From now on I want you to expect that every word you utter will be tape-recorded, that the movement of your lips is being read. Got it?
Listen to me carefully.  First of all, Carl isn't here.  DEA's got him and they'll hang on to him until arraignment, which will probably be tomorrow.  So here you're wasting your time.  Are you with me?
I understand.  You're upset.  You want to know what's going on.  That's good.
Helena, I'm so sorry --
Carl --
Carl, think about it, if I was trying to rip you off, I would have left town after Ruiz was killed.  I wouldn't sit next to you in court listening to the dismissal.
Carl, that's insane.
I just didn't want to take a chance. I didn't want to risk it.  It could have been frozen along with everything else.
I was just waiting for the right time.
What?
Carl, I'm running late.  I'm coming right now --
