It's the same stuff?  From the rainy day stash?
Did you get it?
I need an introduction to the Obregon Brothers.
I know I made things worse.  I know that and I'm sorry, but Arnie I need something from you.  Something only you can help me with.
That is going to be rather difficult when all the evidence is against us.
I tried, Arnie.  And, I will continue to try.
I'm glad you think so, but I'm picturing a debt-ridden, thirty-two year-old mother whose ex-husband is being compared to Pablo Escobar.  And I'm wondering who would want to be with someone like that?
Sometimes I wonder what I'll do if Carl doesn't get out.  I'm not very adept at being on my own.  I've always had a man in my life.  Always.
Don't you have some good news?  Isn't there something positive you could say.
What about legitimate businesses? We own a construction concern, real estate --
Please.  Tell me who Carl sells to.
Arnie, help me.  Doesn't anyone owe us money?
Arnie, I need money.  Somebody threatened my children.  They want a first payment of three million dollars.
How much do I pay him?
If all our assets are frozen and our "sales force" has scattered...  How am I supposed to survive?  I'm giving birth in three months.  How do I get through this?
I am on the board of my son's school. I had a fundraiser for A.L.V. in my front yard.  I have a right to know if my husband is a legitimate businessman.
Arnie, I feel like Alice stepping through the looking glass.
What is he being charged with?
Arnie, this is crazy.
Why are you talking like that?
Arnie, thank God.
Tell me what to do, Carl.  I need guidance, not a fucking platitude.  I'm not bringing a child into the kind of life I grew up with.  I won't do it.  I want our life back.
How?  Supportive letters from prison while I'm being kicked out of our home?  Do you have any idea what is happening out here?  Our credit cards are maxed. The people at the bank, you should see their faces when I walk in there. I have a letter from the government telling me that anything I sell from our house will be taken against an income tax lien.  Our friends are behaving like the crowd at a public hanging.  Nobody will help us.  Nobody will take us in.  Nobody wants anything to do with us.  So tell me, Carl, how you're gonna make it up to me.  Tell me again how we'll get through this, and maybe while you're at it you can put your hand up against the glass so we can have a tender moment of connection.
We watched his father get dragged away by federal agents.  I don't even know how to begin to tell him where you are or when you're coming back... Or if you're coming back.
How's David? How's David? He's terrific, Carl.
I keep feeling like I'm forgetting something.
Just watching you.
Hi.
Women's room, stall two.  Should we stop for ice-cream?
David --
Especially Tiger Woods.  ...Actually, he keeps his on the back seat.
All the professionals keep them in the trunk.
I'll put this in the back.
What are you?  A mouse?  Get out of the car and do it.  This is your chance.
There's always a way.  If people get to the Pope or the President, you can get to him.
When will you do it?
You're kidding.  Can't you shoot him or something?
I have a job for you and I don't have much time.
I'm on a special phone, may I speak freely?
You will help me with my other problem.
That's crazy.  My husband is on trial for smuggling.
It should be... It's yours.  I want our debt forgiven.  I want to be the exclusive distributor of Obregon Brothers Cocaine for the United States.  And I want the principle witness against my husband, Eduardo Ruiz, killed.
Fine, then we don't have a deal.
I'm six months pregnant.  I won't do it.
Every part, from his ears to his accessory belt, is high-impact, pressure-molded cocaine.  Odorless. Undetectable by dogs.  Undetectable by anyone.
Not in...
We have the ability to change the color, odor, and physical property of cocaine.
My husband had been working on something he called, The Project for the Children.  Are you aware of this?
There are plenty of other suppliers in Mexico.
I don't think you're going to do that.
My husband is the victim of an informer in your organization, not ours.
Why do you say that, Mr. Marquez?
Yes, he threatened to kill my five year-old son.  I was under the impression I would be meeting Juan Obregon.
