No, of course not.  She's one of the top students at her school.
I... I don't really know.
I don't know what you mean.
Still, this was a sensitive issue for me and I wanted to thank you personally.
I appreciate you coming in so early.
She'll be at a pawn shop in an hour.
So's the video camera.
God, I don't get it.  Are we supposed to say to ourselves, be prepared to lose her, be prepared to lose our child?  Why does this happen to someone? How does it happen?
About the other night, I'm sorry.
No, not yet.
Yeah, because the alternative is to be bored to death.
I have a drink before dinner to take the edge off my day.  That's different.
Yeah, well, she has a way of self- medicating that probably seems familiar, too.
Look, I'm as worried as you are --
The first thing we have to do is present a unified front.
Barbara --
I think we may have found our Mexican Drug Czar.  It's this General, Salazar.  At least I'll have somebody on the other side I can talk to.
Explain to me how you could think that I shouldn't know about this. Explain to me how this wouldn't be relevant to me.  As a parent.
How long have you known?
Space for what?  To O.D. like that other kid?  I will not send the message that this type of behavior is okay with her parents.  Because it isn't.  Correct?
To begin with, she's only sixteen years-old.
This is different.
Stop.  You experimented in college. I don't want to hear about that.
We'll ground her, clip her wings a bit.  School and scheduled activities and that's it until further notice. This has to be handled delicately. Dan Kelly, in the District Attorney's office, will probably help us out, quietly.  Christ, this could be embarrassing.
I think she's lying.
That's frustrating.
Drugs begin pouring out of America into every other country in the world. Canada is completely overwhelmed.
Oh, yes I can.
What is wrong with you?  What?  You're going away.  You're getting help somewhere.
Okay, young lady, that's it.
Where is it?  Where are the drugs?  Where are they?
It's a presidential appointment so... until I quit or get fired.
I don't know.
As it happens, the President of the United States, my new boss, the leader of the free world, has me penciled in for some "face time".
Somehow, I don't see that happening.
Fine -- legalization.  Okay, forgetting all of our international trade agreements, legalize everything today.  The Government inserts itself into all drug transactions.  The U.S. becomes a giant pharmacy.  Our borders are mobbed, lines of people from here to Europe wanting to smoke, snort and shoot themselves into oblivion.
What's it like?  Imagine you're being accosted by a swarm of beggars in the heart of Calcutta, except the beggars are wearing $1500 suits and they don't say "please" or "thank you."
Medicinal marijuana initiative.  Or am I being cynical?
Depends on the state.
You can learn a lot about somebody from this stuff.  Three categories: you like me, you hate me, you want something from me.  Definitely third category.
Depends who it's from.
Is it possible to have a Drug Czar in Mexico who isn't connected in some war to one of the cartels?
That would probably mean the Tijuana Cartel is gaining power?
Let me ask you a hypothetical question: if Salazar worked for Madrigal and the Juaraz cartel, and he went out of power, would it mean the Juarez Cartel is losing influence?
So what's it doing in Tijuana?
The cocaine brand, 911, is an East Coast brand, a Juarez Cartel brand, and you must know it usually comes through into El Paso?
If I ever return to the bench, Counselor Adler, I hope I have the pleasure of hearing your arguments.
Last I read your clients were chopping people up with chainsaws and delivering illegal narcotics into this country.
Noriega is a criminal.
Michael, you represent drug dealers, not civil libertarians.
Which part, getting terrorists loose on bail or freeing convicted murderers on technicalities?
That triple the amount of stuff is going through.
Any way we can do it better?
What do you look for?
Any idea how much?
Just tell me where she is.
I'll pay you a thousand dollars.  I have it in my wallet.
I have money --
I need to find my daughter.  I'll pay you.
I'm looking for my daughter, Caroline. She comes here.
I can't believe you used to bring my daughter here, to this place.
You want to help?  Stay the fuck away from her.
You don't know what the hell you're talking about.  You're a cocky seventeen year-old and you don't have a clue what the stakes are. You don't know the value of the life you've yet to throw away.  And neither does she.
What?
I don't give a fuck about your parents --
I'm not the police.  I don't care about experimentation.  She's a kid. I'm worried to death.
Can you tell me anything?  Do you have any ideas?
She hasn't called you?
She snuck away.  And we haven't seen her.  She hasn't come home.
Let me ask you a related question. We've talked about the supply side, but what about demand?  What is your policy for treating addiction?
Hopefully the exchange of training methods and information between our countries will help with this problem.
You've been making very good progress against the Tijuana cartel.
I'd like to bring you up to Washington, walk you around our side of things, and share some of the information we've been able to develop on your cartels.
I'll get there as soon as I can.
What?  I thought Madrigal was dead. I thought it was verified.
Hello.
Like you protected Landry?
I mean, who runs interdiction on the Mexico side?
Who do we interface with on their side?
He died in a liposuction surgery, right?
Who are these guys?
