You only got to me because you were tipped off by the Juarez Cartel, who's trying to break into Tijuana. You're helping them.  You work for a drug dealer too, Monty.
The worst thing about you, Monty, is you realize the futility of what you're doing and you do it anyway. I wish you could see how transparent you are.  This food tastes like shit.
Can't you for a second imagine none of this had happened?  That my drugs had gone through.  What would have been the harm?  A few people get high who are getting high anyway. Your partner is still alive.  We avoid having breakfast together. Don't you see this means nothing? That your whole life is pointless?
You expect me to be grateful for spending the rest of my life looking over my shoulder.
This is ridiculous.  Why is there no elevator?
Carl and I were friends from childhood.  He was loyal, that's not a mistake.
I got greedy.  I decided to bring a little in on my own and somebody tipped you off.  That was my mistake. Carl would never be so stupid.
In Mexico law enforcement is an entrepreneurial activity, this is not so true for the USA.  Using regression analysis we made a study of the customs lanes at the border and calculated the odds of a search.  The odds are not high, and we found variables that reduce the odds.  We hire drivers with nothing to lose.  Then we throw a lot of product at the problem.  Some get stopped.  Enough get through.  It's not difficult.
Carlos, I mean Carl, started out in the family connection business: real estate in Tijuana, fishing boats out of Ensenada, hydroponic raspberries. He met up with the Obregon brothers of the Tijuana Cartel who were interested in two things: entering society and using his fishing boats.
It's a death sentence.  I'll never make it to the trial.
You can't visit me here.  I want my lawyer.
I am a legitimate business.  Fishing boats.  Tuna.  Check it out.  Tax records, everything --
So, it's worth the wait, right? What can I do?  Rent a Huey?  Have an airlift?  It's not like you can put it in a condom up some mule's asshole, right?  How many peasants would that take?  A line stretching from here to Mexico City --
