Why?  Nobody's there.
Did Courtney Love play Nancy in Syd and Nancy?
Yes, mom --
Yeah, then some dope to take the edge off at the end of a long day.
You know my dad takes eight red cold pills every day?  He and my mom have cocktail hour every night, from six to seven, set your clock, two bourbons --
He's gonna fucking die right here on the kitchen floor --
We live our lives by these unspoken rules that are handed to us.
Not like.  It is.
Inhale the smoke and hold it.
Just watch.
Hey man, back the fuck up.  To this place.  What's that shit?  Right now, all over this country, a hundred thousand white people from the suburbs are driving around downtown asking every black person they see, You got any drugs?  You know where I can get drugs?  What kind of effect you think this has on the psyche of a black person, on their possibilities?  If you sent a hundred thousand black people into your neighborhood, Indian Hills, and they asked every white person they saw, hey, you got any drugs?, within a day, your friends and their kids would be selling. It's market forces, man.  The product's marked up three hundred percent.  You can go out on the street and make five hundred bucks in two hours and then do whatever you want for the rest of the day.  You think white people would still be going to law school?
I don't know, maybe we missed her.
Hey man, I'm sorry.  I'm just trying to help.
The West End.  We buy it off the streets.  I can stop, you know, and she can't. Two people, really similar, we can talk about anything, but for me it's like a weekend thing, then I get my shit together, and for her it's different --
We sometimes went downtown to score.
You won't say anything to my parents?
I don't know what to say.
I tried to talk to her when she was up there, but they wouldn't put me through.  I'm surprised she hasn't called.
Oh, man --
She's not at that place you sent her?
Mapping the fucking pig genome. We'll call your dad, he's a neurosurgeon --
He's a research doctor.  You're dad's a doctor, too --
What do we do?  Okay.  Fucked-up Bowman's turning blue.  Doctor.  We need a doctor.
