Leave her alone, I tell you!
If I could get my hands on you...
Leave her alone, you fiend!
Of course I do.
There's nothing to forgive. It was all a dream.
<i>Him!</i>  I'll bet he sleeps with all the lights on.
All right.  Put it on heavy.
I don't know, yet.  We'll just have to watch our chance. When it comes I'll know what to do--I hope I'll know what to do.
I've got the ropes loose now. I've got my hands free.  Be careful--Don't change your expression too much.  They must not catch on.
...And I thought you loved me.
That sudden?
They wouldn't dare put us in the same grave-- <b>or would they?</b>
You're talking nonsense.
You do?
Hold on just a little longer, Shirley.
My guess is if we don't take the chance pretty soon, we're not going to have much life left anyway.
I am--It's our only chance.
The ropes are coming loose.
Whatever you do, don't do that.
Easy Shirley, Easy!  Panic won't do us any good!  Let me think. We've got to stall for time.
I don't know.  I just don't know. But don't give up. We're not finished yet.
Don't let them hear you.
You've got a right to be. We're trapped by a bunch of fiends.
Be careful!--They'll see you.
I'm not sure, myself. It's just a feeling I've had since the crash...Like I feel a cold chill all over.. ..Now this!
I'm not sure...
It's an initiation all right, but not of a college as you and I know them.  Nothing alive looks like that!
Well, it's probably just the caretaker, and that's exactly who we want to find.  They'll have a telephone.  C'mon.
Not dead?  In a cemetery?
All right.  Don't worry, I'll be right beside you.
Something's making that music.
That's what I want to find out. We have to get help.
Silly, there's nothing in there to be afraid of.
In there.
Well we certainly can't stay here. C'mon.
Okay.
There's an old cemetery on this road. I've been there before.
All of my books are based on fact, or legend.  Thats perhaps why they're more interesting and sell in the top spots.
Who's to say my monsters aren't alive?
Your puritan upbringing holds you back from my monsters, but it certainly doesn't hurt your art of kissing.
Shirley, I wrote for years without selling a single word.
Sure there are--and I've tried them all.  Plays, love stories, westerns, dog stories.  Huh, now there was a good one, that dog story all about--
You wouldn't understand.  Seeing a cemetery on a night like this can stir in the mind the best ideas for a good horror story.
No.  It's on a night like this when the best ideas come to mind.
