Liza Sutton is dead.
You shouldn't watch, Jerry.  It's a moment without hope.
We've arranged for you to take the blame.  Everyone knows how you've been harassing the poor girl.
Lysergic acid diethylamide... With a little kicker of my own.  Surely it must be coming back to you by now?
Who have you been talking to, Jerry?  Who else knows what you know?
I'm a very patient man.
Yes you do, Jerry.  Quite well.
I want this box rigged with a beacon!
In Jerry's safety deposit box.
Walters had nothing to do with your father's murder.
I know the story.  A federal judge.  He denied a man in prison an appeal for a new trial.
You do recognize it then?
So you'll believe what I tell you next.  Because I need to find Jerry.  And I don't think I can do that without you.
Belief is immaterial.  What's important is the truth... It's been my job to find Jerry.  I'm very much responsible for him.
Jerry is dangerous.  Jerry has killed --
Yes, that's right.
<u>My dog</u>.  One I intend to put to sleep.  Extrapolate from there.
And what did I say?
It was.  It was.
Me?  I was a minor missionary, a heretic really.  But where else could a red-blooded American boy lie, cheat, steal and kill with the sanction and blessings of the All-Highs?  Besides, now I'm trying to pay my penance.
As in 'resulting in death.'  We pushed the envelope until it wasn't even an envelope anymore.
We experimented with hallucinogens.  We used electro- shock to produce a vegetative state.  We conducted terminal experiments in sensory deprivation.
I am impressed.  We used the distinctive cover as a sort of mental flash card.
M.K. ULTRA was terminated in 1973. But not the research. It was renamed.  EX CATCHER.
A vulgar pop term, but yes.  Take an ordinary man and turn him into an assassin.  That was our goal.
Years ago, I worked for the C.I.A. in the M.K. ULTRA program.  Are you familiar with it?
What I'm about to tell you is partially documented.  The Freedom of Information Act saw to that. But much more of it isn't.  For reasons which will soon be regrettably clear, I'm going to share -- secrets -- with you. Repeat any of it and you'll simply bestow the title of 'paranoid' upon yourself.
Please, sit.
If you're as impressed to see me as I am to see you, you're very impressed indeed.  How's Jerry feeling this morning?
Re-educating trained killers in the ways of polite society. Making sure the men who've gone over the edge won't hurt anyone. That sort of thing.
We're very specialized.
Only on the football field.
The truth shall make you free.
Jerry's visits to your office. Why do you tolerate them?  Why him?
A charming term.  Now, <u>why him</u>?
<u>Why you</u>?
Here's a fresh one.  Why you? Your colleague Mr. Wilson says Jerry won't speak to anyone else. That seems oddly possessive behavior to me.
And you have no idea where he lives?
So he thinks NASA is plotting to kill the President?
It was my dog.  Let me ask you a question.  How long have you been acquainted with Jerry?
You were going to ask about my nose.  The poor animal is slated to be destroyed today.
A dog bit it.
