What?
Yes.  Some people will do anything to get out of going to a symphony.
I think that's what I'm saying.
Not really.  Look, Annie, I love you.  Let's leave that out of it.  I don't want to be someone you're settling for.  I don't want to be someone anyone settles for.  I have a life insurance policy, I'm fully invested in growth stocks, I have a paid subscription to Home Rox Office, I have no sexual diseases, I have been steadily employed in a part of the economy that isn't soft, I have expectation in the way of inherited wealth, I dress nicely, I am a member of the private sector, an independent voter, I don't watch Monday Night Football, the only thing wrong with me is that I am allergic to wheat, strawberries, penicillin, pollen, nuts and wool.  There are plenty of women who see me as the brass ring.  If you don't -- marriage is hard enough without bringing such low expectations into it, isn't it?
At the top of the Empire State Building --
So what happened?
-- it was a betrayal.
Beautiful view, isn't it?
It was my mother's.
It's just like my grandmother's china.
You couldn't.
No.
What?
Ever since Christmas, you've been different.  Kind of distracted, distant.  But I feel like you're coming back from wherever you were.
Okay, okay.
When you get back, I'll be gone --
Couldn't you just do a phone interview?
That doesn't make any sense.
Miss Scarlett.  In the broom closet.  With the radio.
Who is it?
Does it have wheat in it?
What is it?
Go to the Symphony --
We'll stay at the Plaza --
I was thinking, I have to go up to Boston for the AAP convention and then visit Winston-Hughes about switching over our computers.  Why don't we meet in New York for Valentine's Day weekend?
Happy New Year, darling.
I'll wait.
You sure you don't want to drive with me?
Nope.  Not even when I was young.
Nope.
I love you.
Today I consider myself the luckiest man on the face of the earth.
My head swells up like a watermelon and I drop dead.
Don't touch them.  I feel terrible sneezing at a time like this.  This is a big moment for me --
Am I what they had in mind?
Your Uncle Milton lost all his money in a Puerto Rican condominium that went belly up, don't mention the IRS or the Federal prison system.  Your mother is Barbara, your father is Cliff --
And your brother Tom is a psychology professor and is married to...Betsy --
Harold, who ran away with his secretary but came back --
The short one with black hair is your cousin Irene --
