I'm here.
The what?
So let's talk.
Diana -- you heard from Jessica lately?
Okay.
What am I gonna do -- I'm locked up in a friggin' cell?!
Okay.
Are you crazy?!
Well?
Gotta go.  See you guys later.
Wanna know how I did that?
Randy, c'mon!
Randy, you dipshit!  Take these off!
Listen, since I got you on the phone -- ask the guys there if they wanna chip in for a hooker.  I'll send her right over.  Her name is Vicki.
Yeah, well somebody fucked her and if I find out it was you, I'm gonna come over there and shoot you in the head.
Is this Anthony?...Yeah, well, I just have one question for you, Anthony -- did you fuck my dog?
...and it's now ringing...ringing... and -- Hello? Anthony's Pizzeria? Yeah, this is officer Randy Parker over at the station.
Next, you dial a number.
Showing Vicki what she missed out on by being such a dull kid.  Now, the first thing you need in making a prank call is, of course, a phone.  This one, for instance.
Absolutely.  The church even sent me an autographed picture of God.  Ward!
I mean, how can you go through life without never having made a prank call?
She did have a miscarriage, didn't she?  Didn't she?!
She did!
No -- she left me!  After her miscarriage, I --
Look, I know I treated her bad --
About Jessica.
She asked me to come over.  She said she had something to tell me.
I didn't kill her!
I know what it sounds like.
I've told you the truth.
How many times do you want to hear this?
He was dead.  He had to be dead...
Ten dollars! Hell, I can't do that to you -- you can have her for a pizza.
She's a waitress at Joey B's but she needs some extra cash.  Ward's the pimp.
Disgusting?  Bingo night was sold out for six months after that!  They raised enough money to build a day care center.
I'm sorry to hear that.  A famous man once said -- there is no worse regret then a temptation resisted.
You mean never as in really never, or never as in it was just so stupid you don't want to tell us about it?
What do you mean you've never made a prank call?
