What about Jeb?
I'm listening.
Do you see any Telletubbies around here?... Do you see a slender plastic tag clipped to my shirt with my name printed on it?... Do you see a little Asian child with a blank expression sitting outside in a mechanical helicopter that shakes when you put a quarter in it?... No?... Well that's what you see at a toy store? Any you must think this is a toy store, cause you're in here shopping for an infant named Jeb. One of us has made a gross error and wasted the other person's valuable time...
No, no, no, no no... You need to go now.
No.
How old is Jeb?
Once again please?
You've made a considerably wise decision.
Are you finished?
I never said you couldn't be killed. I never said that.
That's not what I witnessed David.
The car accident you were in... Was there anyone else involved?
One last question.
Or he might have been carrying a silver handled gun tucked in his pants.
It's an exaggeration of the truth. Maybe it's based on something as simple as instinct. Like being able to touch someone and tell whether they've done something wrong... Or the level of what they've done wrong.
Characters in comic books are often attributed special powers. X-ray vision, things of that sort.
You're skill.
Have you ever tried to develop it?
Telling when people have done something wrong?
You have good instincts when it comes to things like that?
But not a knife?
You thought he was carrying a knife?
How did you know that man you bumped was carrying a weapon?
Is there a problem?
You could have poured coffee in Starbucks, you could have learned to install track lighting in office buildings, you could have told people their horoscopes on the internet... You could have been one of ten thousand things... but in the end, you chose to protect people. You made that decision... and I find that very, very interesting.  Now all I need is your credit card number.
Why is it, do you think, that of all the professions in the world... you chose protection?
We've already begun.
Not money.  But I appreciate your healthy cynicism in the manner. It will be wise for both of us to proceed with greatest caution.
I've come to understand that...  An ill advised purchase in the parking lot.
You've misunderstood.
Technically no. I gambled that you would attend the church service. I just waited for you.
This city has had its share of disasters. Well publicized ones. It was around the time of that plane crash, when it first entered my head. And there it stayed, as I waited and watched the news over the years...  And then one day I see a news report on a train accident and its sole survivor who was miraculously unharmed.  And just like that, an idea blossoms into the flower of possible reality.
The life of an idea that has lived too long in my head.
I assumed because of the train.
Was it serious?
What's he talking about?
Your answer to my question. It's one thing to have never been injured in your life, but to state that you've never taken ill, well that's a whole new level.
Seventy-five percent? That's not nearly good enough for me. I'm extremely skeptical.
How certain are you that you haven't been sick in your life?
You've never been sick?
I believe comic books are based loosely on reality -- I believe there are real life equivalents of the heroes in those books that walk the earth -- I believe your husband is one of those individuals.
I own a comic book museum. It's called the Limited Edition.
There have been three major disasters in this city over the last four years. I've followed each one of them... A Seven-three-seven crashes on take off. One hundred and seventy-two die. No survivors... A hotel fire downtown. Two hundred and eleven die. No survivors... And am Amtrak train derails seven and half miles outside of the city. One hundred and thirty one die. One survivor. He is unharmed.  I've spoken with your husband about his survival. I suggested a rather unbelievable explanation. Since then, I've come to believe, that my explanation, however unbelievable, is in fact, true.
...And everyone lived happily ever after.
You and my mother would have a special connection.
How so?
Now you're going to have to tell me more.
How did you get together?
How long have you been married?
Where is it?
Why?
I'm not going out anymore. I'm not getting hurt again. This was the last time. I told you.
