Good point Bernie - precisely the kind of perceptive interjection I'd expect from my new V.P. How can we, you ask, survive without Whistler's Mother - our single greatest asset?  Well, the truth is - we can't.  So what am I saying?  Will we find her again?  Never - this robber was clearly the work of a criminal of great genius.
He's a man with a plan who will haul us into profitability and the 21st century.
Thank you Bernie.  Well done.  Now, If you'll excuse - I have a little smartening up to do myself.
This is Elmer, our longest serving...
Right.  Got it.
What a pleasure, Governor Reynolds.  I'd like you to meet some of our staff here. .
Well, bravo!  What with you and Whistler's Ma - I think I've got a winning team.
David?
So ... I'm wondering if one of you would have this guy stay in your home instead of some expensive hotel.
Lord Walton assures me this guy's one of the very top scholars in the English art world.  Has a couple of doctorates no less.
A car sounds sensible.
Mmmmm...
Of course.
I owe you a very serious apology, young man.  It wouldn't surprise me if you wanted to leave us after this.  I sincerely hope that you do not.
Of course not.  I'm sacking you for neglectful conduct, relating to the heavy financial loss this gallery has incurred, through your recent lack of professional judgement.  A loss I trust Bernie will be able to reverse.
David, David, David ...
Well, congratulations.  Isn't that great, David?
Bravo.  Let's put on a good show tomorrow, shall we?  Don't want anything to go wrong.
I think you're wrong, David.  She looks as fine as she's ever looked. Worth every cent of the 10 million dollar-s.
Brilliant, huh?  I already have a prospective buyer - the current Governor of California, no less, who is flies in tomorrow to inspect her and clinch the deal.  Spread the news.  I think decisive leadership has done the trick, don't you?
No. no, no, hold on ... We cant sustain our loses - so I've decided.. to sell Whistler's Mother.
Thank you David.  However, flattery will get you nowhere.  Truth is, I have a rather different plan for Whistler's dear Mama.  Bernie and I have been inspecting our books - and the long and short of it is, we cannot survive with our current losses, so ...
Time taken its toll on the old girl, eh?
Er ... pray tell me why?
Sack him?  David, what else can I do?  This business is not, repeat, not breaking even. And David ... notice anything this morning?
Glad to hear it.  Tell poor Mr Larson to come through, will you?
Very pleased you've taken him in, David.  At a time when no-one's job is safe, it really identifies you as a team player.
Ah, David.  Finally.  And this must be our professor from across the sea.
Tomorrow.  You have a problem with that?
I thought perhaps as Vice-President, and in view of the unfortunate attendance's for the summer show this year... the MASSIVE financial LOSS ...
I am sorry you feel that way.
Yes it is ... may I introduce you To Bern ...
Why thank you sir.
Not at all, Governor.  Very striking.
what a pleasure, Governor.  Welcome.
