It's a small town.
I don't have the slightest idea...
I quit two days ago, Brian.
That's a dumb thing to say.
Just take it.
Y'know, four years ago I was working in a bakery. Two years ago I was bringing Marty coffee and he didn't even know my name. I run that office now. Marty believed in me and I believe in him. You want me to just throw that away?
Do you know what you're asking me to do?
I don't know anything about it.
We still talking?  Look, I'm sorry about the other day --
Hi.
You knew what we were asking you to do. Don't suddenly pull out a conscience now. The fit isn't right.
Oh yeah, he's the real fireman.  Who are you? Just another probie working for Swayzak --
Let me ask you something, do you really think Marty had you assigned to arson because of your firefighting skills? Who the hell are you kidding? I was there, remember? I saw you and your brother --
I was doing my job.
Will you please keep your voice down, there's people --
I didn't know it was a secret. There aren't supposed to be secrets between the city and its investigators --
Brian. What's wrong?
Uh huh.
Then why did you quit?
Do you miss it?  You seem like you do.
Homey.
Got anything to drink in there?
But Rimgale's probably going to come around to arson.
Yeah, but it doesn't take Albert Einstein just to figure out if these guys were killed by accidents or not.
Boy, Rimgale's as slow as a snail, isn't he?
Marty did.  But I wanted you to come to.
You think that's really any of your business?
If you weren't at least the 300th person to ask me that, I'd probably be pissed.  Boy, you sure know it's a man's world sometimes...
Hi.
I could use a date.
Green committed to a thousand.  There's another fund-raising party tonight. Marty'd really like you to come.
How's it going?
Straightest answer your department's given me all week.
...Okay. I'll arrange things with your assignment captain.  Marty's a good man, Brian.
Look, I didn't mean to take a piece out of you back there, I just thought you'd call when you came back. You didn't and...  Don't blow it just because of this garbage between us.
Brian, do you always have to be so stupid? Think about your future for once.
Boy, took you all of thirty seconds to blow that.
Yeah, well I like to think I'm just a little past hanging out on JP II watching the Irish pick fights and Litwalks barf in the planters.
Bullshit. Marty's plan is only about efficiency. I've got two cousins on the job, you think I'd work for him if I didn't believe in it?
Why do you think Marty came here tonight? Because he cares about your department. You don't know how hard he works. You don't know about his programs helping West Side --
Let me tell you something. Martin Swayzak is going to be this town's next mayor.
Look, I'm not the same girl who had nothing better to do than wrap her legs around you on a Saturday night. This isn't about fun. I'm working here.
When I was twenty.
I don't want to be your friend, Brian.
What, you think I just dried up and blew away when you left? The world does turn once in awhile Brian, even without your permission.
I work for city hall.
Not quite. Just visiting. I live in Lincoln Park now.
Huh.
Thanks for calling.
You're back.
Brian.
