Another couple of good men get burned up for their city? Is that how it's going to read?  You're the only one that knows.
Your brother was a good man.
I've been lying here hours... just thinking... We're close...  We're not looking in the right place, Brian. This one knows us and we're not looking in the right place...
I hate hospitals. You're so... so goddamn useless...
No.
Yeah.
Well Brian, I guess you can say it's arson now...
It had to be someone who knows numbers. Some kind of fancy accountant. But what's the connection?
Did a little check on the consulting firm that wrote the report. They did exactly one job -- Swayzak's manpower study. It's not even really a company. No employees, no directors, just a PO Box.
This is the copy of Swayzak's manning report that was released. Everybody on this job knows it's bullshit but we could never argue with the numbers. They're all airtight.
Who all ended up wearing candles for faces...  Swayzak's up to his ass in this somehow. Guy can barely hold a drink in his hand, he's so scared.
And Cosgrove. Coppers figured he laundered money for the mob before getting into real estate. They weren't very high on Seagrave, either.
Son of a bitch. They knew each other.
In a word, Brian, what is this job all about?
What the hell are you doing here?
No. Do that and I guarantee you'll scare him off. I don't want him running away.
No, we have a stone killer trying to make a point.
Why backdrafts. Whoever fried Seagrave and Cosgrove went to a helluva lot of trouble to make sure they died by fire, but also made sure the fire blew itself out.
But he could have killed everybody there. The firebreaks kept it from spreading in the wall. The backdraft blew out the flame. That's it. That's the reason.
I got it after we talked to Ronald. Torches. Want to fry the whole goddamn world. But the fires that killed those guys never really burned up much. -- The burns were all lit in outlets surrounded by double firebreaks in the walls. And he made his burns backdrafts.
That's it! Oh, that son of a bitch, he's different, goddamn it! You see what this tells us, huh? Our killer doesn't love fire!
I don't work for them, either.
I don't guess.
Even if it was used to seal the air off, that doesn't explain why someone would go to the trouble of a backdraft. A gun's a helluva lot easier
Look, it isn't proof, okay? Someone may have put the chemical in the outlet, but we found it as a vapor in Cosgrove's clothes.
Son of a bitch tears 'em apart just to eat the oxygen. Wouldn't take much at all to melt ten gauge wire. Problem's burnt magnesium leaves a powder trace -- unless you could find something that would eat its residue.
Ever burned magnesium? It's so hot it takes water molecules and BAMM!
-- Go to the bottom. Under heat properties.
Read.
I just re-wrote your contract. C'mere...
Temperature in this room was about 2000 degrees, but copper wire in outlet is melted, which requires 5000 degrees. An accidental short in the plug could of created a spark of 7000 degrees, hot enough to melt the wire and start a fire.
Glass found in ignition room is in small, thin pieces, indicating explosion. Lack of discoloration indicates a long, slow burn. Explosion must of come after a slow burn.  You little tease... What were you up to you little bastard, huh? What made you that mad?  Or scared.  It started in this room. Took its time, hung out... but the air ran out. It couldn't breathe. So it was snuffed. But it wasn't dead... still all that trapped heat, lying low, waiting for some sucker to open the door and give it that one gulp of air...
Do we have a language barrier here? Glass.
So you were happy here. Warm and cozy and in no hurry...  Soot high, clean unburned wall low, indicates slow burn in thermal balance.  Find me some glass.
-- Shhh.
Pest control.
Look, I knew your father, he had a helluva reputation on this job. But that don't mean you get any slack. Swayzak sends you down here, okay, I gotta eat you, that's the rules and I got nothing to say about that. But Swayzak or no, you live with me. Step out of line, and I don't care who knows you, I'll swing the hammer.  You think you're the first?
Then go find a corner. I don't want you in my way.
Are you still here?
Your Dennis' kid.  I work alone.
What the hell was it doing in the fire?
Trychticholorate? Alright, it's an absorption catalyst in toxic waste accidents. It's pretty rare, they stopped making it a couple'a years ago.
McCaffrey, hold this for us.
Putty? On both doors?
And the world -- the whole world.
And old ladies?
Sure Ronald? You're ready alright.
Nobody cares, Ronald.
Ronald here likes telephones. Used to tape wooden matches to the bell striker and wrap it in cotton. Came up with a whole little thing there, didn't you Ronald? When you got bored, what did you do? You just started making calls... mostly day care centers and retirement homes, wasn't it?
Knock it off. Now.
You don't know him.
You like everybody, Ronald.
He works for me.
Wouldn't miss this for the world, pal.
How ya doin', Ronald. Staying comfortable?
I need that report, Lt.
I might.
What do you listen to, Stephen?
I deal with this stuff every day. But a fireman... you never get used to it.  What happened up there? He was a candidate. Did he pay attention? Was he listening?
Are the glory boys actually showing interest in Investigation's work? I may have a stroke.
This'll only take a minute. There's two cops outside that want to ask you about this --
Mr. Swayzak! How ya doin'?
Is there a connection between them, Alderman?
Holcomb? I didn't know the name of that victim had even been released yet.
We still haven't found a connection between the victims.
No Marty, I don't.
"Don?"
Alderman.
I need to get in the trunk.
Alderman Swayzak.
