I'm sorry we got you into this, Tommy.
Huh?!
Well that was our mistake then. And then we was beat up by a bible salesman and banished from Woolworth's. I don't know if it's the one branch or all of 'em.
We didn't abandon you, Pete, we just thought you was a toad.
...Pete?
Visit those foreclosin' sonofaguns down at the Indianola Savings and Loan and slap that cash down on the barrelhead and buy back the family farm. Hell, you ain't no kind of man if you ain't got land.
Why don't we bed down out here tonight?
That's right! We ain't really Negroes!
You got light fingers, Everett. Gopher?
Gopher, Everett?
'N I'm Delmar O'Donnell.
That ain't it!
A miracle! It was a miracle!
We'll go fetch it with ya, Everett.
Is the marriage off then, Miz Wharvey?
Oh, okay.
What sat mean exactly, Everett?
Everett, my beard itches.
'N turned into a frog -
Oh my God!
Huh. I guess they'll tack on fifty years for me too.
So - where's all the money from your armored-car job?
Everett, I never figured you for a paterfamilias.
Well, uh, I - I gotta get the family farm back before I can start thinkin' about that.
Okay, Everett.
Not that I'm aware.
Uh, we uh-
I just don't think it's right, keepin' him under wraps like we's ashamed of him.
Course it's Pete! Look at 'im!
Caintcha see it Everett! Them sigh- reens did this to Pete! They loved him up an' turned him into a horney- toad!
Oh sweet Lord, Everett, looka this!
Now wuddya suppose is eatin' George?
Yeah, look at me.
Don't be a fool, Everett, we gotta R- U-N-O-F-F-T, but pronto!
Damn! We gotta skedaddle!
Izzat right?
Five... hunnert... thousand... each.
This ain't no laughin' matter, Everett.
Pull over, Everett - let's give that colored boy a lift.
You should a joined us, Everett. It couldn't a hurt none.
But there were witnesses, saw us redeemed!
Well I was lyin' - and I'm proud to say that that sin's been warshed away too!  Neither God nor man's got nothin' on me now! Come on in, boys, the water's fine!
Preacher said my sins are warshed away, including that Piggly Wiggly I knocked over in Yazoo!
Well that's it boys, I been redeemed! The preacher warshed away all my sins and transgressions. It's the straight-and-narrow from here on out and heaven everlasting's my reward!
Gopher, Everett?
Yeah, let's negotiate 'em, Everett.
What do we do now, Everett?
How'd he know about the treasure?
