I like to think that I'm a pretty astute observer of the human scene.
Our pleasure, Big Dan.
Once again we find ourselves in agreement.  What kind of work do you do, Big Dan?
It ain't the law!
You can't do this - we just been pardoned!  By the Governer himself!
Hang on there -
You can't do this -
Waitaminute -
Waitaminute -
Aw, don't be ignorant, Delmar. I told you they was gonna flood this valley.
Honey, it's just - Shutup, Delmar - it's just -
I guess Vernon T. Waldrip is gonna be goin' on relief. Maybe I'll be able to throw a little patronage his way, get the man a job diggin' ditches or rounding up stray dogs.
Well, you'n me'n Pete'n Tommy are gonna be the power behind the throne so to speak.
Scuse me... scuse me... we're the next act...
He was never turned into a frog!
It's Tommy! They got Tommy!
Boys, we was chained together. I hadda tell ya somethin'. Bustin' out alone was not a option!
I never knocked over any armored- car. I was sent up for practicing law without a license.
Oh-ho-ho yes, I've spread my seed. And you see what it, uh... what it's earned me... Now what in the...
Well that's right! If then! Believe me, Delmar, Woman is the most fiendish instrument of torture ever devised to bedevil the days a man!
Hit by a train! Truth means nothin' to Woman, Delmar. Triumph a the subjective!  You ever been with a woman?
Deceitful! Two-faced! She-Woman! Never trust a female, Delmar! Remember that one simple precept and your time with me will not have been ill spent!
Pete have a brother?
We're adventurers, sir, currently pursuin' a certain opportunity but open to others as well.
Well if that is Pete I am ashamed of him.  The way I see it he got what he deserved - fornicating with some whore a Babylon.  These things-
You can't display a toad in a fine restaurant like this! Why, the good folks here'd go right off their feed!
...I'm not sure that's Pete.
What on earth is goin' on here! What's got into you, Delmar!
Whuhh...
Well ya know, Delmar, they say that with a thrill-seekin' personality, what goes up must come down. Top of the world one minute, haunted by megrims the next. Yep, it's like our friend George is a alley cat and his own damn humors're swingin' him by the tail. But don't worry, Delmar; he'll be back on top again. I don't think we've heard the last of George Nelson.
Now you may call it an unreasoning optimism. You may call it obtuse. But the plain fact is we still have... close to... close to...
Where's Tommy?
I left my pomade in that car! Maybe I can creep up!
What're you gonna do with your share of the treasure, Pete?
Four hundred, Delmar.
What'd the devil give you for your soul, Tommy?
Baptism. You two are just dumber'n a bag of hammers. Well, I guess you're my cross to bear-
That's not the issue, Delmar. Even if it did put you square with the Lord, the State of Mississippi is more hardnosed.
I thought you said you were innocent a those charges.
Delmar what the hell are you talking about? - We got bigger fish to fry-
And no transmission belt for two weeks neither.
...but try getting a decent hair jelly.
NOW HOLD ON, BOYS-AINTCHA EVER HEARD OF A NEGOTIATION? MAYBE WE CAN TALK THIS THING OUT!
Fire! I hate fire!
Don't know, Delmar-though the blind are reputed to possess sensitivities compensatin' for their lack of sight, even to the point of developing para- normal psychic powers. Now clearly, seein' the future would fall neatly into that ka-taggery. It's not so surprising, then, if an organism deprived of earthly vision-
Well sure, honey, but...
Yes, but honey -
A 9,000-hectacre lake, honey.
Well now honey, that ring is at the bottom of a pretty durned big lake.
Well, I'm sorry honey -
You -
You said -
You said it was in the rolltop desk!
Not your...
- in the gods - Huh?
And you were right about that ring. Any other weddin' band would not do. But this-here was foreordained, honey; fate was a-smilin' on me, and ya have to have confidence -
...Time for this old boy to enjoy some repose.
But I don't mind telling you, I'm awful pleased my adventuring days is at an end...
All's well that ends well, as the poet says.
It's just a symbol, honey -
Aw, honey, our ring is just a old pewter thing -
Hell, now's the time to buy it off him cheap.
Where's your ring, honey?
Just a little change of cast. Me and the little lady are gonna pick up the pieces'n retie the knot, mixaphorically speakin'. You boys're invited, of course. Hell, you're best men! Already got the rings.
...Why you... lyin,... unconstant... succubus!
I'll tell you what I am - I'm the paterfamilias! You can't marry him!
Now Penny, stop that!
Well any human being will cast about in a moment of stress. No, the fact is, they're flooding this valley so they can hydro-electric up the whole durned state...
It just never fails; once again you two hayseeds are showin' how much you want for innalect. There's a perfectly scientific explanation for what just happened -
No, this is gonna work! I just gotta get close enough to talk to her. Takin' off with us is got a lot more future in it than marrying a guy named Waldrip.  I'm goddamn bona fide. I've got the answers!
Well, it's a invitation-only affair; we'll have to sneak in through the service entrance-
Pete... I do apologize.
I couldn't wait two weeks! She's gettin' married tomorra!
Damnit, I just hadda bust out! My wife wrote me she was gettin' married! I gotta stop it!
Fact of the matter - there never was!
Well, but Pete...
Pete, uh, I don't want ya to beat yourself up about this thing...
Aw, that's all right.
I shoulda guessed it - typical womanly behavior. Just lucky we left before they came for us.
Quitcha babblin' Pete - time to skedaddle.
...I believe, unless I'm very much mistaken - see, we've been away for several years, uh...
Itta Bena, now, uh, that would be...
Pete, the personal rancor reflected in that remark I don't intend to dignify with comment, but I would like to address your general attitude of hopeless negativism. Consider the lilies a the goddamn field, or-hell!- take a look at Delmar here as your paradigm a hope.
Me? Oh, I didn't have no plan. Still don't, really.
What about you, Delmar? What're you gonna do with your share a that dough?
Million point two.
Join you two ignorant fools in a ridiculous superstition? Thank you anyway.  And I like the smell of my hair treatment - the pleasing odor is half the point.
For him, not for the law! I'm surprised at you, Pete. Hell, I gave you credit for more brains than Delmar.
Pete, don't be ignorant-
Pete, it's a fool looks for logic in the chambers of the human heart. What the hell's that singing?
So I borrowed it till I did know!
Who was fixing to betray us!
It was in his bureau.
Sell that. I figured it could only have painful associations for Wash.
Don't I know it.
Now hold on, Pete, we gotta speak with one voice here - CAREFUL WITH THAT FIRE NOW, BOYS!
Pete's cousin turned us in for the bounty!
Well I'm votin' for yours truly too!
Well, Pete, I just figured it should be the one with capacity for abstract thought. But if that ain't the consensus view, hell, let's put her to a vote!
Well, ain't this place a geographical oddity-two weeks from everywhere! Forget it! Just the dozen hairnets!
No! I don't want Fop! Goddamnit - I use Dapper Dan!
Hold on there - I don't want this pomade, I want Dapper Dan.
Two weeks! That don't do me no good!
Okay sir, but Mert and Aloysius'll have to scratch Xes - only four of us can write.
Hot damn, boy, I almost believe you did sell your soul to the devil!
Sir, the Soggy Bottom Boys been steeped in ol'-timey material. Heck, you're silly with it, aintcha boys?
Sir, we are Negroes. All except our a-cump- uh, company-accompluh- uh, the fella that plays the gui-tar.
Well sir, my name is Jordan Rivers and these here are the Soggy Bottom Boys outta Cottonelia Mississippi- Songs of Salvation to Salve the Soul. We hear you pay good money to sing into a can.
Who's the honcho around here?
