Good Lord, what do we do?
Awful sorry I betrayed you fellas; must be my Hogwallop blood.
Well I - I ain't had it easy either, boys.  Uh, frankly, I - well I spilled my guts about the treasure.
No, they never did turn me into a toad.
Do not seek the treasure!
What about you, Everett? What'd you have in mind when you stoled it in the first place?
Yeah, it stinks in that ol' barn.
All except fer our a-cump-uh-nust!
That's right!
You mis'able little sneak thief...
We ain't gonna make it walkin'.
How ya been, Wash? Been what, twelve, thirteen year'n?
That ain't the tune you were singin' back there at the gallows!
We prayed to God and he pitied us!
This is crazy. No one's ever gonna believe we're a real band.
Wait a minute - who elected you leader a this outfit? Since we been followin' your lead we got nothin' but trouble! I gotten this close to bein' strung up, n'consumed in a fire, 'n whipped no end, 'n sunstroked, 'n soggied -
Eighty-four years old! I'll be gummin' pab-you-lum!
...With my added time for the escape, I don't get out now 'til 1987... I'll be eighty-four years old.
...No treasure... I had two weeks left on my sentence...
But...
But... but...
I cain't help it, but that's a wonderful thing to say!
It's awful white of ya to take it like that, Everett. I feel wretched, spoilin' yer play for a million dollars'n point two. It's been eatin' at my guts.
They lured me out for a bathe, then they dunked me'n trussed me up like a hog and turned me in for the bounty.
It was a moment a weakness!
...Nah, that ain't right... I'm thinkin' of...
Isn't it, uh...
The hell it ain't square one! Ain't no one gonna pick up three filthy unshaved hitchhikers, and one of 'em a know-it-all that can't keep his trap shut!
Well that hardly sounds like you...
An' all my meals for free...
A million dollars.
Hell, at least it woulda washed away the stink of that pomade.
The preacher said it absolved us.
Well, I'll be a sonofabitch. Delmar's been saved!
That don't make no sense!
You didn't know that at the time!
To Washington Bartholomew Hogwallop. From his loving Cora. Ay-More Fie- dellis.
How's this a plan? How're we gonna get a car?
We got but four days to get to that treasure! After that, it'll be at the bottom of a lake!
Huh?! They dam that river on the 21st.  Today's the 17th!
YOU LOUSY YELLA-BELLIED LOW-DOWN SKUNKS-
The hell you say! Wash is kin!
Suits me! I'm votin' for yours truly!
Wait a minute! Who elected you leader a this outfit?
