Means you keep me using my head, and that's good!
Whewwww! You sure keep my mind jumping, boy!
And so you did your job, right?
I can't answer that for you -- but it's no fault of your own that you don't know where your father is now. You tell me what you did that kept you from finding your father.  Come on, tell me...
But you did all you could, David. Not many little boys could've gone on such a journey as you did.
Well, you shouldn't worry about him too much, David.
You think about your father a lot, don't you?
What are you looking at, out there? There's nothing to see.
Not now, David, it's time for bed. You have a long trip ahead of you in the morning...
You could? How?
You know, that was a good thing you did for Clarence, in class today. I believed his story, but I was afraid the other children wouldn't...
Because all you could think of was getting away from the guard.
Well, how did you like the class, David?
Now don't you think it's time you told me all about yourself?
He'll get his place too -- now off with your clothes and into bed.
And you're a tired little boy. I'll make up the cot and you must get some sleep.
Why don't you sit and I'll read you something he said.
Dr. William E. B. Dubois.
Here's one by a man that's very much alive.
Sure--
Colored.
That's where we came from first.
Here it is, right here.
They lived a long time ago -- before you and I were born.
That's right--
I try...
I don't live far from here. You and your dog can come home with me and have yourself a hot meal and then we'll talk about how to get you back home.
That does it...
Did your mother know you were going to see your father?
It's a good thing your hand did not become infected -- how did you cut it like this?
You keep looking around, David. Don't you go to school?
Let me see it...
My name is Camille -- Camille Johnson and I'm the Supervisor of this school. What's your name?
Here, you put your hand under the water and I'll pump for you.
Is he here in Borderdale?
You don't live around here, do you?
Can you swim?
Clarence, would you tell us a story that was not true, after telling us it was?
How was your sister after you pulled her out of the water?
Go on...
You know that the class is going to challenge your story, don't you, Clarence?
