What do that mean?
Yes, mam...
Nothin'...
But where is my daddy!?
What do I tell my mama when I get home? I didn't find him and that's what I wanted to do.
Yes mam...
My daddy likes to look into the dark, even when there ain't nothin to see -- it's what you hear he say.
I been like that myself, when I thought nobody was gonna believe me...  You wanna hear another story?!
He was real scared nobody would believe him -- I could tell, even when he first stood up.
Oh... . You right, that's all that was worryin' me right then...
... So me and Sounder, ran right by the men that was the prisoners, and crawled under the fence! That's when I cut my hand on the glass. It hurt like mad! But I kept runnin', and then I didn't feel no more hurtin' till I stopped runnin'!  Why was that, Miss Johnson?
It was the best thing I ever been to, Miss Johnson!
I have a mother and her name is Rebecca -- My father's name is Nathan Lee Morgan, and...
What about Sounder?
You're a friendly lady, Miss Johnson.
What he talk 'bout?
What's his name?
Don't you teach in your school 'bout folk who ain't dead?
And the other people you told me 'bout, they is all colored folk?
That's where we come from first?
Where is Africa, Miss Johnson?
And you say all them people is dead now?
You got a pretty house, Miss Johnson!
Thank you, Miss Johnson.
Uh huh...
Me and Sounder went to this prison camp to see my Daddy and the police guard runs us away and I fell on some glass.
Sometime, but not like this.
David Lee Morgan. My dog's name is Sounder.  That feels better.
I don't know, he's in a prison camp.
No, mam... I come from way back there. Me and my dog was tryin' to find my daddy and we got lost.
I just wanta wash my hand. It's got blood where I hurt it.
I'm gon' miss this ol' raggedy place.
You know somethin', Daddy?
Yes, Daddy! Yes!
I won't go, Daddy! I won't go!
But, Daddy, you need me here to help you in the field -- Daddy, your leg is hurt -- you can't work like you used to. Who's gonna help you!? Who's gonna do the work, Daddy?!
You just came back home, Daddy. I don't wanna leave right now -- I wanna stay home and be with you.
Dear David, if you are coming to school here, be sure to bring some warm clothes. The school term will begin September 8th, but it would be good for you to be here by the 4th or 5th of the month. I do hope everything is fine and you will be here. Give my "hello" to your family. Yours truly, Miss Camille Johnson...
From Miss Johnson --
You hurt, Daddy!?
You won't be goin' to jail again, will you, Daddy?
Thank you, Daddy...
Daddy, when is we goin' huntin'?
You feel alright today, Daddy?
They gone to the field...
Mornin', Daddy...
Daddy, you home now... that's all I want -- I don't want nothin' else...
Goodnight, Daddy...
I cleaned and oiled all your stuff while you was gone...
We goin' huntin' again, Daddy !?
What happened afta that?
Where did the sun go to, Daddy?
Where was you, Daddy?
What's wrong with your leg, Daddy?
Why, Daddy; you won't be here?
Can you say what camp they gon' send you to, Daddy?
I think so...
Do you think he's dead, Daddy?
We didn't find Sounder yet.
Mama is outside with Josie Mae and Earl.
Hi, Daddy...
"You lose some of the time, what you always go afta, but you lose all the time what you don't go afta!"
We goin' huntin' again tomorrow ?
Yes, sir...
Yes, sir -- I learn to write a little bit, and I can read a lot--
I wanna go -- the trip don't bother me none.
Yes, sir...
He beat you, too, Daddy, and you had a big ol' shootin' rifle.
Yes, sir...
It was too dark, Daddy.
It's cold, Daddy!
There ain't no possums in this woods tonight, Daddy.
Do you know my daddy, Nathan Lee Morgan?
When's that?
Mister, can you visit anybody here?
Nathan Lee Morgan...
Yes, ma'am...?
See you tomorrow, Miss Boatwright.
Will you help me to find out what camp they sent my father to?
Miss Boatwright --
My father taught me...
Thank you, Josie Mae.
I guess I'll havta work harder to git him back like he usta be.
Act like one!
He will... Come on, git down and act like a possum.
He eats all right -- his throat ain't scarred.
Sausage and hambones!
Yes, ma'm...
He can't get up, Mama!
He won't go mad -- he's just lookin' for a cooler spot.
It's the heat.
She says I can come live with her while school goin' on, and come back home every time there ain't no school.
She is, Mama...  When the fall comes, she wants me to come to her school.
So when I left, she gave me these books.
Miss Johnson is a teacher, and...
Some books Miss Johnson gave me.
Didn't see 'im, Mama. The other men there say they didn't know Daddy.
I cut it on some glass and we got lost, Mama.
Yes, mam...
I got to, Mama. I know Daddy wants to see him.
Good night, Mama...
Can I go day after tomorrow?
Mama, don't I always do what you say -- every time I go to the fields to plant the corn, to Miss Boatwright's and the woods -- you tell me what to do and I do it, and you don't worry.
I can do it, Mama -- you know that. In the Bible stories you read to us, everybody's always goin' on a long journey. Jacob goes into a strange land where his uncle is and he don't even know where he lives, but he finds him. Everybody finds what they supposed to find.
No, ma'am...  Mama, I wanted Mrs. Boatwright to find out where Daddy is, so me and Sounder can go see him.
Mama! Mama! Miss Boatwright, say she gon' help me find where Daddy is!
He'll be all right, Mama. I'll make him all right.
Listen, Mama...
No mam -- I looked all over.
Can I go when the holiday comes?
Did you see Daddy?
'Bye, Mama...
Don't take my Daddy! Please don't take my Daddy!
Who is they?
What do they do in the white churches, Mama?
Who's winning, Mama?
Yes mam...
Ready to go, Mama!
Where did it come from, Mama?
Mama, there's hot meat on the stove!
Goodnight.
Hi, Mrs. Boatwright...  I'm sorry 'bout the way I acted the other day, Miss Boatwright.
I'm used to it.
I'll walk...
But, Miss Boatwright, you--
But I saw you -- you looked in there, and you found out, Miss Boatwright.
You know where my father is, don't you, Miss Boatwright?
Thank you, Miss Boatwright!
No, thank you -- I gotta go do some work in the field today.
Yes mam... We gotta go, Miss Boatwright.. .
Thank you, Miss Boatwright.
Thank you, Miss Boatwright.
We brought your laundry, Miss Boatwright.
