What's that, son?
I love you, son! Don't ever think I don't love you!  We gon' get to be friends?
Now wait justa minute! You don't tell me what you ain't gonna do! I tell you! I say, you goin' to that school, you goin'! You hear me!
Let me tell you somethin', boy! I don't care if both of my legs was cut off! I can do more work in that field, than you could in a hundred years!
And I wanta be with you, too, but this school is somethin' that's good for you -- somethin you need, like good air to breathe, and I want you to have it, boy, and that's the way it's gonna be!
September 4 -- how far away is that?
Well, ain't you gon' open and read it for us?
No, no, I'm all right, son... This damn leg just won't act right no more!
No, son -- they'd have to kill me before I'd let 'em do that to me again!
Wheeew! This is some hard work, but it beats goin' to jail.
I'm real proud of how you helped your mama to keep this place goin', David Lee.
Soon -- but it won't be too much huntin' you'll be doin','cordin' to a good little story your mama told me last night -- you'll be goin' away from here, won't you?
Great, son -- not like wakin' up in jail. For a minute or two, didn't quite know where I was, but when I saw your face lookin down on me, made me know right away the day was gonna be a good one, and it all belonged to me!
Guess I can't just lay here, then.
Where's everybody?
Mornin', son...
Come here, son...
Goodnight to you, son...
You bet we is!
And me too, son! You shore done got to be such a big little man!
The rains started to come, and the prisoners were scared to run 'cause they had to wait for guards to round us up, and tell us when to move -- but we didn't mind the rain comin' 'cause it meant we would git a little rest -- we just stood there, watchin' the guards and they weapons get wet, and that made us all feel kinda good for a minute. I was laughin' all over inside -- a minute, that's all, but what a minute it was!
Into the clouds and behind the mountains.
That musta been afta they sent me to this place call Clayburn. That was the hardest workin' camp they sent me to. The work was so hard, you had to look for somethin' to laugh about to keep from feelin' the whole pain in your body. Like one time, it was in the middle of the day, and there weren't no sun -- you hear that?
Son, that was some trip you went on...
Got it hurt in a dynamite blast, son. The dirty dogs had no more use for me, so they let me have time off my sentence, and let me come home.
Just do like I tell you -- I'll get word to you through the visitin' preacher.
I don't know, son -- they won't tell us things like that -- but I don't want y'all to come here no more.
It's a shame they won't let 'em come in here. If I had the strength I'd knock down these damn walls -- if I could just git my arms 'round your mama right now -- is they on this side of us, son?
Naww -- he'll come back to you, soon as his wounds heal. This cake shore is tasty, son.
He'll show up one day.
They is!? It shore is good to see you, boy!
Hi to you, son...
Well, looka here...
Now who says I didn't lay my mark on you, boy!
Yep. I guess you must wonder why though, what with the luck we havin', but like I always say--
When the fall comes in these parts, the Night moon runs away like a rabbit -- you could stay out here lookin' all night, and not see a thing out yonder.
Readin' must be somethin' powerful, huh, son?
You learnin' anything at that school?
You had a rough time out there tonight -- so you stay home from that school tomorrow.
David Lee...
Boy, you don't make funny with your daddy like that.
You oughta be tired, too, Sounder. That possum shore whipped the hell outta you tonight!
Yeah. We better git back to house now.
If anybody's to blame, it's me -- I oughta nailed him when I took that shot.
Here, put my jacket over you.
Looks that way, son. Guess the cold done drove most of 'em down to the big water country -- but if there's one left out here -- we gotta find him.
Well, let me have it.
Whatcha got there?
Hi ya doin' there, Ike?
What did the Lord tell you, Ike?
They probly thought you was crazy.
And if they saw me pitch the way I did today -- they'd hire me just to strike out Babe Ruth!
Don't tell me nothin' 'bout what we owe ol' man Howard! I'll do the owing, and let him worry 'bout the collecting! Come on, David Lee!
To the commissary to get this boy some clothes! I'm gon' get everybody somethin'!
I just got out here!
There, you see?
Yeah, just stay where you is...
This done happen before. It ain't nothin' -- I just have to wait a minute or two.
Yeah. I feel real up to it right now. Come on, David Lee, you and me'll do the loading.
Well, let's get to work!
Did you tell 'im I was too busy for that kinda stuff?
What did he want?
Well, let's get to it, Miss Rebecca,'cause I been waitin' too long a time for your good cookin'!
Ike, you could make a song outta that!
Hope it don't freeze out our baseball game today!
How's the weather out there?
I'll wait till after the children.
Mornin'...
What we make it to? The next season to work ourselves to death, share croppin' for ol' man Howard, so he can get richer and we can't even eat when the croppin' time is done?
The boy is hungry, Rebecca.
I shore could, Miss Rebecca.
Night, son!
