Be good and be smart, little boy.
What's wrong, Nathan?
It's when the heat is so bad, dogs go crazy.
What's wrong with him, David?
But who's gonna help me here with the house and in the field?
How can you do that? You don't live anywhere near that school.
Miss Johnson must be a real kindly lady.
Who's Miss Johnson?
What's that you carryin'?
I guess they musta sent 'im to another camp.
Did you find your father?
Ask your daddy to give you some word about when he'll be comin' home -- and tell 'im we love him.
Here's your food -- now you go straight to that place -- if you need to rest, go into a church or railroad station -- but don't go into nobody's house, you hear me?
I wish you wouldn't take the dog with you, David -- he's likely to be a burden to you.
Good night...
Yes, son. You better get back to bed.
No, I don't and I oughtn't not to after the way you've taken over since they took him away -- and I would like for you to see 'im so you can come back and tell me about 'im.  The field's all planted, so I guess I can spare you for a little while. When do you wanta leave?
But you'll be away from home for days -- what will you do when the dark comes, where will you sleep? I can't send you away from here like that!
So did I. I figured when the time got right, we could all take a day or two and walk up there, but it's not the kind of long trip for a child to take alone.
Can't sleep?
Good! But you don't have to tell the whole valley 'bout it! You'll get that woman in trouble!
Poor creature...
What is it, David Lee?
I think maybe he was scraped on the head by that shot. I don't think he's dead -- just gone somewhere to heal himself.
Any sign of Sounder?
You sure can, son...
No, son. We havta wait 'til the holiday comes -- anyway, they won't let womenfolk see their men no time.
'Bye, son -- I won't be gone long.
David, come back here!
Children, come here...
Same as we -- they pray.
Nobody yet -- it's all tied up.
When you get outta that school, you come right on back home, y'all gon' have to take this laundry work I done for Miss Boatwright today.
You got two shirts on?
Tuck that shirt in, David Lee.
Where all meat come from -- now git yourself washed up and be snappy about it -- you got six miles ahead of you to that school.
That's right!
David Lee, it's time for you to get to bed!
At the way you ask funny questions, Josie Mae!
Might be...
Because he cared so damn much about you and me, child.
Maybe soon--
Don't take all day at that table, David Lee.
Why don't you pay him a visit, Mr. Howard? He'll tell you all about it.
Tired.
The season is a long way off, Mr. Howard, and by that time, Nathan oughta be home. If he ain't, believe me -- the children and me -- we will grow the crops. We have to because we owe you all that money -- Mr. Howard.
I need some nutmeg, flour, eggs, sugar, and...
I didn't say nothin' 'bout credit, Mr. Howard.
I wanta get some things.
I brought these walnuts to trade.
But, Nathan--
Where you goin'!?
It's lunchtime, and I wanna have a talk with you, Nathan Lee. Come on, children...
I see, all right -- It's time for us to get out of this field.
Is there something I can do to help you?
You sure you feel up to it, Nathan?
To invite you to his house -- the two of you could just sit under the shade tree, drink ice cold whiskey, and just shoot the breeze!
The most important thing is that you're home!  We was gonna have cold eatin' tonight, 'cause of the heat, but now, I'm goin' to cook!
If there ever was a devil in this county, Ike, you is it!
Little chilly.
You ready to eat?
Good mornin', Nathan.
We been through these off-seasons before -- we made it.
The boy done went into my walnuts! I skin my fingers to the bone to pick two pounds that's worth almost nothing at the commissary and he done took almost half of what I pick!
I bet you could use a hot cup of coffee, Nathan Lee.
And don't wake up Josie Mae and Earl!
Is that a blessing, Reverend?
Yeah, he'll crawl into my bed tonight, lie close to my body and keep me warm -- and rectify the evil in the men who live over us in this valley.
It's a shame, Reverend. It's a damn shame.
You gotta low-life job, mister sheriff!
Will they give him a trial?
I got to see my husband, Sheriff Young!
You mean to tell me I can't see my own husband?
I don't understand that, Sheriff Young.
I wanta see Nathan.
