Mike, what can I do, she's a hysterical woman...
Deanna, will you get back into the house!
Deanna, I'm going to belt you right in the mouth!
Dancing is alright; you're falling on the floor.
A hundred years...it's a toast.
He's the head of the family.
Listen, Michael's got a lot of nice people here.  Friends of Kay's. He'll never forgive me if you ruin his party.
Goddamn bitch.
Yeah, but I don't want him to see you.
Honey!  Wait a minute; let's go for a drive.
C'mon, I see what I can do.
We were all upset about that.
Gee, Frankie, it's good to see you. Reminds me of old times.
Who's that?  Pentangeli?  Frankie &quot;Five-Angels&quot;...thought you were never coming West.
The lawyer; Questadt, he belongs to Roth.
It wasn't the way I wanted it!  I can handle things.  I'm not dumb Christ, not like everyone says. I'm smart; and I want respect.
Taken care of me.  Mike, you're my kid brother, and you take care of my.  Did you ever think of that. Ever once?  Send Fredo off to do this, send Fredo to take care of that... take care of some little unimportant night club here, and there; pick somebody up at the airport.  Mike, I'm your older brother; I was stepped over!
He said there was something good in it for me...me on my own.
I didn't know it was a hit.  I swear to you I didn't know.  Johnny Ola contacted me in Beverly Hills -- said he wanted to talk.  He said you and Roth were in on some big deal, and there was a place for me in it if I could help them out. They said you were being tough on the negotiation, and if they had a little bit of help, they could close it fast and it would be good for you.
I know they get Pentangeli, that's all I know.
I was kept pretty much in the dark. I didn't know all that much.
I don't have a lot to say, Michael.
Nowhere, Mike.  I wanted to get a refill.  How about you?
What is it?  Can I help?
What do you want me to do?
But, you told me yourself...
...Who?
Mike, are you crazy, I'm your brother.
Sincere.  What are you talking about, of course I'm sincere with you, Mike.
What's that?
You know her; drives me crazy, one minute she's a popsicle, the next she's all vinegar.  Sometimes I think... I think - I should a married someone, like you did.  To have kids, to have a family.
Me?  NO, no, I don't know anything. Fellas!  You're all falling asleep. We got to see Superman.
No.  I mean, are you sure?
You?  What do you mean you, I thought...
You?  What do you mean you, I thought...
Mikey, why would they ever hit poor old Frankie Five-Angels?  I loved that ole sonuvabitch.  I remember when he was just a 'button,' when we were kids.  We used to put bedsheets on our heads, you know, like we were ghosts.  An' ole Frankie come peek into our room, we'd jump up, and he'd always pretend like he was really scared. You remember?
Wait'll you see!
Mike, I got something special up my sleeve for these boys.  You ever hear of &quot;Superman?&quot; And I don't mean the comic book.
Jeeze, it's great you came along, Mike... You know, we've never spent a night out on the town together. I always thought you looked down on me for liking a good time.
Me and you, great!  Gimme an hour to wash my face and do my research and we'll have these Washington suckers right where you want 'em.  Poor Frankie Five-Angels.  He always wanted to die in bed...with a broad.
Count on me; that's my specialty.
That's what I'm here for.
No.  No, I didn't.  Who tells me anything?  I been kept in the dark so long, I'm getting used to it.
I never met them.
Great, Havana's great.  Lots of activity in Havana!  Anybody I know here.  Five-Angels?  Anybody?
Oh.  Mikey, what's up?  I'm totally in the dark.
Oh, 'scuse me.
Hiya, Freddie Corleone.
Hey Mike, what can I say?
