I don't know.  I hope soon; but it's not over yet, and that's why you and the kids have to come back to me.
If you told Michael what I've told you today, I'm a dead man.
If he were, he'd be dead by now. You'd be a widow.  You'd have no problem.
Okay, just hear me out.  What if Carlo had been paid to help get Sonny killed?  What if his beating of Connie that time was a deliberate plot to get Sonny out into the open? Then what?  And what if the Don, a great man, couldn't bring himself to do what he had to do, avenge his son's death by killing his daughter's husband?  What if that, finally, was too much for him, and he made Michael his successor, knowing that Michael would take that load off his shoulders, would take that guilt?
You don't know that's true.  But Kay, just for the sake of an argument, let's assume it is, I'm not saying it is, remember, but... What if I gave you what might be some justification for what he did... or rather some possible justification for what he possibly did.
Kay... Kay...
That's not the way we look at it.
I don't know.  I'm sorry, Kay...
Kay, Michael didn't tell me a lot; and what he did tell me, I can't repeat.  But the responsibility for you and the kids was the most important thing he left me with.
That's off now.
Within the compound will be fine.
It's Michael's request...for your safety.  We can send out for anything you need.
I don't know.
Yes.
Why didn't someone tell me!
What do you mean gone?
Hello?
It's as though he blames me for the ground the family lost when I was Consigliere to Sonny.
Just now when Johnny Ola showed up, he asked me to leave them alone. Ola is Hyman Roth's Sicilian contact.  I was on the inside of ten, twenty meetings with him.  But today Mike asked me to leave, like an outsider.
I can feel it in the way he talks to me.
He doesn't want my help any more. He doesn't need it.
Where's my wife?
Yeah, give me a minute.
I can't let him down.
Goddamn it, where were you?
Rocco!
I'm staying.  Don't ever enjoy the cruel part of all this; Sonny never listened to me about that.  Now, explain everything to me.
Why do you hurt me, Michael?  I've always been loyal to you.
I turned Houstan down; I didn't see why I should tell you about an offer I turned down.  Are you sure, Mikey?  Are you sure of what we're doing; what we'll gain; what does the family gain? Forget that, Mike; I already know the answer.
Are you so hungry for traitors; do you want to find them everywhere?
Mike, it would be like trying to kill the President; there's no way we can get to him.
Mike, it's impossible.  He'll be met by the Internal Revenue; the Customs Service, and half the FBI.
That plane goes to Miami...
His medical condition is reported as... &quot;terminal.&quot;
I know he's in Israel.
He says he doesn't know anything, and I believe him.  Roth played this one beautifully.
Roth engineered it, Michael.  He made Pentangeli think you hit him. Deliberately letting him get off alive.  Then the New York detectives turned Frankie over to the FBI.  My informants say he was half dead and scared stiff -- talking out loud that you had turned on him and tried to kill him.  Anyway, they had him on possession, dealing in heroin, murder one and a lot more. There's no way we can get to him and you've opened yourself to five points of perjury.
I don't know.
She took the Senate Investigation worse.
It was a boy.
Mike, at three and a half...
Kay had a miscarriage; she lost the baby.
Wait... there's something else.
My information is that Fredo thought it was a kidnapping.  Roth assured him nothing would happen to you.
The new government arrested him, held him for a couple of days with a lot of the other casino people, including Roth's brother, Sam.  The American Embassy arranged flights for citizens; I'm not sure, but I think he's somewhere in New York.
Roth got out on a private boat. He's in a hospital in Miami.  Had a stroke but he's recovered okay. Bussetta's dead.
A little care he can ride in with an electric motor.
I took care of it.
No.  But if they do have somebody, you'll do three years for perjury if you give them so much as a wrong middle name.
But if you're wrong...
Will we...be able to get who ordered it out of them?
Mikey, I hoped...
But your people... Neri... Rocco; you don't think...
If you need anything, just...
Sure, Mikey.
Connie's outside.
I'm sorry; of course, you know that.
He's going to try Panama...
Al, as far as you're concerned, I'm the Don.
No questions.
Your plans are a little different this time.  You skip Miami, and go straight to Geneva.  It's to be deposited to this number.  And it's got to be there by Monday morning, no slip-up.
Mike wants it.
Twenty-five this time.
Don't worry about anything, Frankie Five-Angels.
Yeah, that was a good break.  A nice deal.
The Roman Empire... when a plot against the Emperor failed, the plotters were always given a chance to let their families keep their fortunes.
Yeah, it was once.
You were around the old timers who dreamed up how the Families should be organized, how they based it on the old Roman Legions, and called them 'Regimes'... with the 'Capos' and 'Soldiers,' and it worked.
Frankie, you were always interested in politics, in history.  I remember you talking about Hitler back in '43.  We were young then.
You're right.
Yeah.  He wouldn't even go out to dinner.  Just wanted to go home.
Yeah, but don't worry.
Everything is going to be okay, Frankie, don't worry.
I'd like to go outside with him, in the open air.
I think I prefer to see my client privately.
Simple.  Be friendly like us.  Not hostile.
We'll keep it quiet; the people who know are trustworthy...the Committee needn't find out.
Our mistake.  But what does it matter; it was our money.  We don't even expect thanks.
Do you owe markers?
Do you gamble?
You know there's a Senate Investigating Committee recently set up; we thought it would be unfortunate if they were to trace anything though-provoking to your name.
We know you're a busy man, with plenty of enemies -- we saw the opportunity to do you a favor, and we did.  No strings.
Actually, I've come with good news; the Corleone family has done you a favor.
This committee owes an apology!
Senator Kane.
Sir, the gentleman does not understand English.  He would not in any case, take the stand.  He came, at his own expense, to aid his brother in his trouble.  He is not under any jurisdiction of our government and his reputation in his own country is impeccable.
He is, I believe, a brother.
Yes, sir.  His name is Vincenzo Pentangeli.
Sir, my client has answered every question asked by this committee with the utmost cooperation and sincerity.  He has not taken that Fifth Amendment as it was his right to do, and which because of the extreme legal complexity of this hearing, counsel advised him to do. So, I think in all fairness this committee should hear his statement and put it in the record.
Senator, my client would like to read a statement for the record.
