When is it finally over?  I want it to be over before my baby is born.
What the hell does that mean?  Come on, Tom, speak out straight once in your life.  I know Michael can't, but you're not Sicilian, you can tell a woman the truth; you can treat her like an equal, a fellow human being.
He's not the same as when I met him.
That's the first time I've seen the lawyer side of you, Tom.  It's not your best side.
What kind of a family is this... are we human beings?  He knows his Father killed his Uncle Carlo.  He heard Connie.
... He said he had shot his Grandfather with a gun, and then he died in the garden.  And he asked me... he asked me, Tom, if that meant now his father would shoot him out of... revenge.  How does a four year old boy learn the word... 'revenge'?
Am I a prisoner?
How long does this go on?
I'm going to see my parents.
I was supposed to take the children to New England next week.
I'm supposed to stay in my house.
Whose orders are these?
I'm going to the market.
Yes.
It wasn't a miscarriage.  And you with your cunning, couldn't you figure it out!  It was an abortion; an abortion, like our marriage is an abortion, something unholy and evil.  I don't want your son; I wouldn't bring another of your sons into this world.  An abortion, Michael... it was a son, and I had it killed, but this must all end!
The baby I lost...
You haven't heard me.
At this moment, I feel no love for you at all.  I never thought that could happen, but it has.
Oh, I do feel things for you, Michael; but now, I think it's pity. For the first time since I've known you, you seem so helpless.  You held me a prisoner once; will you try again?
Michael.
Goodbye, Michael.
I'll bring the children up now; they want to say goodbye.
You would have killed his brother?
And that's all he had to do.  Just show his face.
I didn't even know he had a brother. And where is he now?
Tell me, Michael.  What really happened with Pentangeli?
I think it's too late for changes, Michael.  I promised myself I wouldn't talk about it and I've gone and spoiled it.
I'm not going to stay long; I can't.
In a minute.  They're outside with Esther.  I'm very happy for you... I suppose I knew that you're simply too smart for anyone ever to beat you.
I wanted to see you before you went back to Nevada.  Also, the children - Michael, they're here.
Leave her alone!  You're talking as though she has no right to be frightened when there are machine guns going off in her backyard.
It made me think of what you told me once.  In five years, the Corleone family will be completely legitimate.  That was seven years ago.
Yes, Michael, it does.
Sleeping inside me.
Yes, Michael.
I'm sorry, Michael.  Senator Geary's here, and Mr. and Mrs. Barrett wanted to thank you before they left.  Won't you join us, Mr. Ola?
Anthony, Daddy's busy.
