Well, that's alright... alright. Good.  You'll graduate in another year, isn't that right?  You know... I never finished college.  I was a good student, but I never finished. Of course, there was a war then.
Sit down.  Your Aunt Connie and I waited for you to have some lunch, but now it's all dried out.
You've grown so tall... so tall in the last year.  You're much taller than me.
Some day you will.
To do business.
I can't.
Just a few days.
I'm leaving very early tomorrow, before you wake up.
No, where is it?
They were friends.
Do you like them?
Did you like your party?
Are you alright?
The children can stay.
Tom is right.
No.
Connie, I want to be reasonable with you.  You have a house here, with us.  You can live here with your kids...and you won't be deprived of anything.  I don't know much about Merle; I don't know what he does for a living; what he lives on.  Why don't you tell him marriage is really out of the question; and that you can't see him any more. He'll understand.  But if you disobey me, and marry this pimp...it would disappoint me.
Then why do you come to me?
You fly around the world with lazy young men who don't have any love for you, and use you like a whore.
The ink on your divorce isn't dry. Your children see you on weekends; your oldest boy, Michael Francis... was in some trouble with the Reno police over some petty theft that you don't even know about.
Why do you come to me?  Why don't you go to a travel agent?
I saw him with you.
That's how it was in the old world, Pop, but this is not Sicily.
Not for strangers; for my country.
It's not talk; I'm doing it.
No, Dad.
You're nothing to me now, Fredo; not a brother, not a friend, I don't want to know you, or what happens to you.  I don't want to see you at the hotels, or near my home.  When you visit our Mother, I want to know a day in advance, so I won't be there.  Do you understand?
There's nothing more you can tell me about this investigation?
It's the way Pop wanted it.
I've always taken care of you.
And you believed that story.
What about now, is there anything you can help me out with?
We have time.
Fredo.  Where are you going?
The old man will never bring in the New Year.
To go tonight, with me, as though we know nothing.  I've already made my move.
It was never Pentangeli... I've always known that.  It was Roth all along.  He talks to me as a son; as his successor, but the old man thinks he'll live forever.
The same man who tried in Nevada... Hyman Roth, not Pentangeli.
Tonight we've been invited to a reception at the Presidential Palace; to bring in the New Year. You and I will go in a special car that's being sent.  They'll have cocktails... then dinner, and a reception with the President.  When it's over, it will be suggested that you take Questadt and his friends from Washington to spend the night with some women.  I'll go home alone in the car; and before I reach the hotel, I'll be assassinated.
Then I'm going to confide in you; trust you with something.
The song.  Are you sincere with me, Fredo?
&quot;Yo soy un hombre sincero...&quot; I am a sincere man, From the land of the palms...
How is your wife, Fredo...your marriage?
You know otherwise, Freddie?
It was Frankie tried to have me hit.
It was hard to have him killed.
It was hard to have him killed.
No.
I never looked down on you, Fredo. You don't look down at a brother.
I'd like to come along.  There's been a lot of strain, and I've been cooped up in this room for three days.
Tonight I want to relax with you. The Senator from Nevada is here with some people from Washington. I want to show them a good time in Havana.
I want you to help me, Fredo.
Pentangeli's dead.  He was ambushed by the Rosato Brothers.  Didn't you know that?
Johnny Ola... Hyman Roth.
We're making an investment in Havana.
It's all right.  He stays with me all the time.
Mio fratello.
Forget it, just go take care of her.
Good.  Then you're staying.
I know you do, Tom.  Then I can count on you to help me do the things I have to do.  If not, call Houstan, and become a Vice-President. Take your family and your mistress and move them to Las Vegas.
They are everywhere!
I'm surprised at you, Tom.  If there's anything certain; certain in life; if history has taught us anything, it's that you can kill...  ANYBODY.  But perhaps your relucatance is because you've come to tell me that you're moving your family to Vegas, that you've been offered the Vice-Presidency of the Houstan Hotels there.  Or weren't you going to tell me at all?
I don't like it when you use the word impossible; nothing is impossible...
I want it met.
He's been dying of the same heart attack for twenty years.
They won't take him; not for a million, not for ten million.
Sit down, Tom.  Have you heard about our friend and partner, Mr. Hyman Roth?
Alright.  I'm going to go outside and talk to Fredo.
How did they get their hands on Pentangeli?
Does she blame it on me?  The baby?
And Kay...she's all right?
What is it, can't you give me straight answers anymore!
Was it a boy or a girl?
Go on, tell me.
Alright.
They can come in now.
I want you to reach Fredo.  I know he's scared, but have one of our people reach him.  Assure him that there will be no reprisals.  Tell him that I know Roth misled him.
I asked about Fredo?
Where's my brother?
What was it, so I'll know.
Did the boy get something from me for Christmas?
Do you think they have somebody to back up Cicci?
If I'm wrong...
I don't think so.  Unless I'm very wrong...they're already dead. Killed by someone inside...very frightened that they botched it. That's why I am going to disappear in a few minutes, and leave everything to you.
I've prepared this; have had it for over a month.  It won't explain everything; but indicates where I will be, so in a sense, it is my life.  Also, there are three tasks that must be executed immediately.  Pop would have given those to Luca -- You knew Pop as well as anyone, act as though you were him.  It discusses Kay as well; that will be the most difficult.  The men who tried to kill me tonight, will never leave the estate.
No Tom, just listen.  All my people are businessmen; their loyalty is based on that.  One thing I learned from my father is to try to think as the people around you think...and on that basis, anything is possible. Fredo has a good heart, but he is weak...and stupid, and stupid people are the most dangerous of all.  I've kept you out of things, Tom, because I've always known that your instincts were legitimate, and I wanted you to know very little of things that would make you an accomplice, for your own protection. I never blamed you for the setbacks the family took under Sonny; I know you were in a position of limited power, and you did your best to advise and caution him.  What I am saying is that now, for how long I do not know, you will be the Don. If what I think has happened is true; I will leave tonight, and absolutely no one will know how to contact me.  And even you are not to try to reach me unless it is absolutely necessary.  I give you complete power: over Neri... Fredo, everyone.  I am trusting you with the lives of my wife and children, and the future of this family, solely resting on your judgment and talent.
No, I have confidence in their loyalty... but this is life and death, and Tom, you are my brother.
There's a lot I can't tell you, Tom. I know that's upset you in the past; and you've felt that it was because of some lack of trust or confidence.  But it is because I do trust you that I've kept so much secret from you.  It's precisely that at this moment, you are the only one that I can completely trust.  In time, you'll understand everything.
Just tell Rocco I'm waiting.
Tom isn't going to sit in with us, Johnny.  He only handles specific areas of the family business.  Tom?
Two-thirty.  That gives me time to see my boy.
I know what it meant... and I'm prepared to make it up to you.  I will make changes; I can.  I CAN change; that I have learned, that I have the strength to change... And we have another child, a boy... and you'll forget the miscarriage.
How can I let you leave; how can I let you take my children away? Don't you know me?  You understand, it's an impossibility.  I would never let it happen; no, never, not if it took all my strength, all my cunning.  But in time, soon, you'll feel differently.  You see, you'll be happy that I stopped you.  I know you.  You'll forget about this; you'll forget about the baby we lost... and we'll go on, you and I.
We'll go back tonight.  Bring the children.
If that's what it takes; then yes, I will.
No, I don't want to hear anything. There are things between men and women that will not change; things that have been the same for thousands of years.  You are my wife, and they are my children... and I love you and I will not let you leave, because you are MINE!
I won't let you leave!  Christ, do you think I'm going to let you leave.
Kay, I told you...
When he saw his brother in the hearing room, he knew what was at stake.  I don't think Vincenzo would have done it.  He loves the kids, too. Omerta, Kay.  Honor, silence.  It had nothing to do with me.  It was between those brothers.
Kay, you've got it wrong.  That kind of thing's all over, I promised you.  This was between the two brothers.  Years ago Frankie had a young girlfriend; he called her his co-wife.  That was his joke, but he meant it.  He wouldn't divorce his wife... because she was a great cook.  He said he girlfriend made a spaghetti sauce once and it was so terrible he knew he could never marry her.  He set her up in a house in Jersey.  She had to be faithful... and she had to have kids. And she did, two, a boy and a girl. He had her checked out and watched so she couldn't cheat... but the girl couldn't stand that kind of life.  She begged him to let her go. He did.  He gave her money and made her give up the kids.  Then Frankie took them to Italy, and had them brought up by his brother Vincenzo. Where he knew they'd by safe.
That's all.  You see, in Sicily, in the old days... there was only one legitimate reason to kill a blood relative... only one.  IF he was a traitor.
On a plane back to Sicily.
His brother came to help him.
Why too late?
There are a lot of things I want to talk to you about.  Things I've been thinking about -- changes I want to make.
Why don't you sit down?
Where?
I had no idea...
Have Tom Hagen meet me in the Harbor House.
I'm sorry about some of the people I had to see today.  It was bad timing... but it couldn't be helped.
Does it feel like a boy?
How's the baby?
Kay.
Mr. Ola's just leaving, Kay. Please tell the Senator I won't be a minute.
This is my boy, and my wife.  Mr. John Ola of Miami.
But times are different...
No, I meant lose his family.
Alright.  They bother me once in awhile.  Tell me, when Pop had troubles... did he ever think, even to himself, that he had gone the wrong way; that maybe by trying to be strong and trying to protect his family, that he could... that he could... lose it instead?
There are still things I have to do.
It's Michael.  How are you, Mom?
I know it wasn't me...so that leaves you.
I know that; but who gave the go ahead.
Who had Frankie Pantangeli killed?
I've read it; I'm pleased that the government is doing so well.  As a heavy investor, I'm pleased.  How did the doctor find you?
Six million dollars in cash is a high price for a piece of a country in the middle of a revolution.
This doubles my investment.
You'll be there to see it; you'll be there.
I wouldn't consider anyone else.
The money was sent.
We're making a big investment in Cuba.  That's my only concern.
I saw an interesting thing today. A man was being arrested by the Military Police; probably an urban guerrilla.  Rather than be taken alive, he exploded a grenade hidden in his jacket, taking the command vehicle with him.
It means... &quot;The Lie.&quot;
Then it's done.  I must choose his replacement: it cannot be Rosato.
Pentangeli is a dead man; do you object?
Technically, they are still under the Clemenza wing of the Corleone Family, now run by Frankie Pentangeli.  After Clemenza died, the Rosatos wanted territory of their own.  Pentangeli refused, and came to me, asking for permission to eliminate them.  I, of course, knew of their relationship with you, and in gratitude for your help with the Tropicana matter, turned him down.  Pentangeli was furious, and paid one hundred and fifty thousand dollars to have me killed. I was lucky and he was stupid. I'll visit him soon.  The important thing is that nothing jeopardize our plans, yours and mine.  This thing of ours, that we will build.
The Rosato Brothers have performed services for you in the past; I understand that they are under your protection.
You're a great man, Mr. Roth, I have much to learn from you.
The incident of the other night is a nuisance that I can take care of. I came to you because I want nothing to affect our agreement; I wanted to clear everything I'm going to do with you, just in case.
Yes.
Not for a few years.
So, that occurred to me.
It occurred to me: the police are paid to fight, and the Rebels are not.
Very impressive.
No, I'm fine.
Let him gamble.
He's very kind, tell him it's appreciated.  I'm sure it will be profitable all the way around.
Is there anything I can do; anything I can send?
How is his health?
You know my lawyer, Tom Hagen. Johnny Ola.
I do not.
I do not.
That is not true.  I own some stock in some of the hotels, but only very small amounts.  I also own some American Telephone and IBM stock.
That is a complete falsehood.
I deny his every charge.
No.
Yes.
Good.
This was my father's old study. When I was a kid, we had to be quiet when we played near here. When I was older, I learned many things from him here.  I was happy that this house never went to strangers; first Clemenza took it over, and then you.  My father taught me, in this room, never to act until you know everything that's behind things.  Never.  If Hyman Roth sees that I interceded with you in the Rosato Brothers' favor, he'll think his relationship with me is still sound.  I'm going somewhere to meet him tomorrow.  We have friends in some very important business that we're making.  Do this for me; you make the peace with the Rosato Brothers on their terms.  Let the word out that I forced you; you're not happy wit hit, but acquiesced, just because of me.  It will get back to Hyman Roth.  Do this, Frankie.  You can trust me.
Frankie, Roth tried to have me killed.  I'm sure it was him, but I don't know yet why.
I know.
Frankie...do you respect me?  Do I have your loyalty?
Trust me; do as I ask.
I want you to settle on their terms.
I want you to settle these troubles with the Rosato Brothers.
I want you to help me take my revenge.
In my home!  In the same room where my wife was sleeping; where my children come in their pajamas, and play with their toys.
I didn't want you to know I was coming.  You heard what happened in my home?
Frankie, you know my father respected Roth, did business with him.
No.  There are things that I have planned with Hyman Roth.  I don't want them disturbed.
I know.  That's why I want you to be fair with them.
Frankie, you're a good old man, and you've been loyal to my Father for years...so I hope you can explain what you mean.
Your family still carries the name Corleone, and you will run it like a Corleone!
They feel cheated.
Clemenza promised Rosato three territories in the Bronx after he died, and then you took over and welched.
You were unfair with them.
We were all heartbroken at the news; but that wasn't cause to start a war.
After dinner.
I know.
We're all part of the same hypocrisy, Senator.  But never think it applies to my family.
Senator Geary, I speak to you as a businessman who has made a large investment in your state.  I have made that state my home; plan to raise my children here.  The license fee from the Gambling Commission costs one thousand dollars; why would I ever consider paying more?
Turnbull is a good man.
I trust these men with my life. They are my right arms; I cannot insult them by sending them away.
My lawyer, Tom Hagen.  He arranged this all through your man Turnbull.
On the phone?
And?
It's important.
Keep them alive.
