Let's go.
I didn't turn against nobody; he turned against me.
Yeah, some deal I made.
My life won't be worth a nickel after tomorrow.
Ten to one shot, you said.  Ten to one shot in my favor, and I lose.
That's what I'm here to talk to your brother about.  What's with him, I got to get a letter of introduction to have a 'sitdown'?
You remember Willy Cicci, don't you, Freddie?  We was all together with the old man Clemenza in Brooklyn... before...uh...
Gotta check up on my boys.  Hey, what's with the food?  Some kid in a white jacket brings me a ritz cracker with some chopped liver. 'Canapes,' he says.  I say, 'Can a peas, my ass, that's a ritz cracker with chopped liver.' Go get me a salami sandwich and a glass of wine or I'll send you and your white jacket to the dry cleaners!
Thanks, Tom.  Thanks.
Yeah, but only the rich guys.  The little guys got knocked off.  If they got arrested and executed, all their estate went to the Emperor. If they just went home and killed themselves, up front, nothing happened.
Yeah, it worked.  Those were great old days.  We was like the Roman Empire.  The Corleone family was like the Roman Empire.
Yeah, I still read a lot.  They bring me stuff.
Tom, what do I do now?
That's my brother.  Nothing could get him away from that two mule town.  He coulda been big over here -- he could of had his own Family.
He's ten times tougher than me, my brother.  He's old-fashioned.
Did my brother go back?
The room has a bug in it.
Sure, Mike.  I'll go along.
Jesus Christ, Michael, then let's hit 'em now, while we still got the muscle.
Then why do you want me to lay down to them?
Always... But sometimes I don't understand.  I know I'll never have your kind of brains, in big deals. But Mike, this is a street thing. And Hyman Roth in Miami is behind the Rosato Brothers.
It would be the beginning of the end for my family.  How can I keep all my other territories in like if I let two wise-guys stand up and demand this and that, and then give it to them?
Mike, I don't understand.  Don't ask me to do that.
I was just going to contact you, Michael; we just had a 'sit-down' - in fact, I just come from there.
Michael, anything.  What is it I can do for you?
Michael, yes, we was all relieved...
Don Corleone, I wish you let me know you was coming.  We could have prepared something for you.
He did business...but he never trusted him.
You give your loyalty to a Jew over your own blood.
How can you be fair with animals? They recruit niggers and spicks; they do violence in their own Grandmother's neighborhoods.  And everything is dope and whores; the gambling is left to last.  Let me run my family without you on my back.  I want them taken care of.
The Rosatos are running crazy; taking hostages, spitting in my face, because they're backed by the Jew in Miami.
And while I feed my family in New York, you put the knife in my back in Miami.
Michael, you're sitting up here in the Sierra Mountains with champagne cocktails making judgment on the way I run my family.
Clemenza promised them nothing, he hated the sonsuvbitches.
Says who?
Okay, now it's my family in Brooklyn; and I wanna keep up Clemenza's loyalty to you.  But how can I run my family with you challenging my every move?  You're too far from the street, Mike, the only way to reason with the Rosato Brothers is to whack 'em and whack 'em fast.
Sure, Pete Clemenza died of a heart attack, but the Rosato Brothers gave it to him.
When do we talk?
What's this?
He supports me.
I'm talking about Italians!
You know if there's a way I'll go to the commission and the commission will side with me.  That puts me and the other New York families against you.
You want a war?
What if I say shove it?
What assurances do I have that there will be no more kidnapping, no more hits?
Pari Persu; what the fuck is Pari persu...?
I'm a little hungry, maybe I'll order something.  Joe.  Get me some bracciole or something. And pay cash.  And in return for these concessions, what do you do for me?
Don't I look like I'm listening?
We could have talked first, saved a lot of running around.
Forget it; I'm suddenly without an appetite.  You're making big trouble, Carmine.
Are we going to eat or what?
He don't want to talk?
Rosato, where's your brother?
