There was this kid that I grew up with; he was a couple years younger than me, and sort of looked up to me, you know.  We did our first work together, worked our way out of the street.  Things were good and we made the most of it.  During prohibition, we ran molasses up to Canada and made a fortune; your father too.  I guess as much as anyone, I loved him and trusted him. Later on he had an idea to make a city out of a desert stop-over for G.I.'s on the way to the West Coast. That kid's name was Moe Greene, and the city he invented was Las Vegas. This was a great man; a man with vision and guts; and there isn't even a plaque or a signpost or a statue of him in that town.  Someone put a bullet through his eye; no one knows who gave the order.  When I heard about it I wasn't angry.  I knew Moe; I knew he was headstrong, and talking loud, and saying stupid things.  So when he turned up dead, I let it go, and said to myself: this is the business we've chosen. I never asked, who gave the go ahead because it had nothing to do with business.
Why...the Rosato Brothers.
Terrible.  I'd give twice this amount to take a piss without it hurting.
You're a careful kid, and that's good.  But look.  An international dispatch on the wire service. American journalism, not propaganda. The government troops have all but eliminated the rebels.  All but their radio station.
Still no word of your courier? We'll find him.  But at least this will satisfy our friends here. You've been invited to the New Year reception at the Presidential Home. I understand your brother is here as well; I hope he'll come.
If only I could live to see it, kid; to be there with you.  How beautifully we've done it, step by step.  Here, protected, free to make our profits without the Justice Department, the FBI; ninety miles away in partnership with a friendly government.  Ninety miles, just a small step, looking for a man who desperately wants to be President of the United States, and having the cash to make it possible.
Except the President of the United States.
Then you have to trace it.  Michael, people here look at me as a reliable man.  I can't afford not to be looked on as a reliable man.  But you know all that; there's nothing you can learn from me.  You shouldn't have to put up with a sick old man as a partner.
My concern is that the three million never arrived at Batista's numbered account in Switzerland. He thinks it's because you have second thoughts about his ability to stop the rebels.
You have to be careful what you say in front of the others... they frighten easy.  It's always been that way, most men frighten easy.
Enjoy.
I still don't speak Spanish, Michael.
Of course you must keep control of your family.
It's always bad for business; but you have no choice.
Nothing is more important.
We do favors for each other...
However I can help you...
You're a considerate young man.
What a mistake; people behaving like that, with guns.  It was my understanding we left all that behind.  But, let me tell you, the important thing is that you're all right.  Good health is the most important thing; more than success; more than power; more than money.
I like sporting events -- I really enjoy watching them in the afternoon. One of the things I love about this country.  I loved baseball ever since Arnold Rothstein fixed the World Series of 1919...I heard you had some trouble.
Sit down, this is almost over.  You follow the baseball games?
