Birds are not bad!
Because there are 8,650 species of birds in the world today, Mr. Carter. It's estimated that five billion, seven hundred and fifty million birds live in the United States alone. The five continents of the world...
The crow is a permanent resident throughout its range. In fact, during our Christmas Count, we recorded...
Impossible.
I hardly think either species would have the intelligence to launch a massed attack. Their brain pans aren't large enough for such...
Yes. I have never known birds of different species to flock together. The very concept is unimaginable.  Why if that happened, we wouldn't have a chance. How could we possible hope to fight them?
And what? Vultures? Hawks? Eagles?
Are you discussing gamebirds now? All birds are not gamebirds, you know.
I have seen jays doing everything it is conceivable for jays to do. Ornithology happens to be my avocation, Miss Daniels. You're talking about preservation of the species, a hen protecting her young. There's a vast difference between...
Doesn't it seem odd that they'd wait all that time to start a... a war against humanity?
I thought not. Birds have been on this planet since archaeopteryx, Miss Daniels; a hundred and twenty million years ago!
For what purpose?
What do you think they were after, Miss...?
The gulls were after your fish, Mr. Sholes. Really, let's be logical about this.
I hardly think a few birds are going to bring about the end of the world.
...insist on making it difficult for life to survive on this planet. If it weren't for birds...
Birds are not aggressive creatures, Miss. They bring beauty to the world. It is mankind, rather, who...
They're both perching birds, of course, but of quite different species. The crow is brachyrhynchos. The blackbird is cyanocephalus.
There is very definitely a difference, Miss.
The point is that no one seemed to get upset about it. They were gone the next morning, just as if nothing at all had happened. Poor things.
That's right, sir, I recall it. A large flock of seagulls got lost in a fog and headed in for the town, where all the lights were.
...probably contain more than a hundred billion birds!
That would hardly be possible.
They are incapable of organized warfare!
We need them.
Birds?
You and Mr. Sholes seem to be implying as much.
Of course it does. If we believe that birds are attacking, why... why next we'll believe that grasshoppers and cockroaches are capable of...
Of course.
Probably herring gulls. They arrive in November, you know, and don't migrate North again until March or...
Which gulls, Mr. Sholes? There are several varieties.
