Well, then, as what did you go?
Yet you're contradicting yourself. You earlier testified that you attended a meeting of a communist party-run organization, yet you just said, under oath, that you were not now -- nor ever -- a member of the communist party.
Are you refuting this evidence and your previous testimony?
Are you now, or have you ever been, a member of the communist party?
Mr. Chairman, the witness is being non-responsive...
All right, Mr. Appleton.  That was what you knew then.  What do you know now?
Are you asking this committee to believe that you attended a meeting of a communist party front organization in order to impress a girl?
We see it.  For the record, it reads "Lucille Angstrom."  What's the point of this?
Start with what you knew then.
Mr. Appleton, please tell this committee what was the nature and purpose of the "Bread Instead of Bullets Club?"
Referring to line thirty-seven of the document, does your printed name and signature appear there?
Good.  Good.  Now, I hold in my hand a photostatic copy of the attendance roster for the "Bread Instead of Bullets Club" of the University of California, Los Angeles, dated October 11, 1935.  A copy of this paper is before you, Mr. Appleton. Do you recognize it?
I'm interested in knowing if you remember things you did in your past, or if they've been conveniently "blotted out" as a result of your "accident."
And what is the state of your memory now?
Anyone who reads the newspaper is quite familiar with your... "accident," Mr. Appleton.  An accident which, conveniently, came hard upon your dismissal from United Pictures.  Tell us, this "accident" of yours, are we given to understand that it affected your memory?
Now, I see that you've been running a movie theater in Lawson called "The Bijou," is that also true?
Well, I'm sure we're all glad to see you came through it all right.
Yes, I see that Private Trumbo was reported missing in action and is presumed dead.  I also see that you were posted stateside during the war.  Fort Dix?
Is that because you were masquerading as Luke Trumbo while you were in Lawson?
Mr. Appleton, do you know an "Albert Lucas Trumbo?"
