Thanks for the lift, Cecil.
Well, son, you're home!
Only one in town.  Get in, son.
Listen to me!  The young man in there...
Cecil!  Cecil, there's a young man in there...
Don't tell me, I know about these things.  I've seen it before.  It's all right.  It's... all right. You're here.  Oh, God, I love you, son.
I'm not happy about this, mind you, but if I have to go, at least I'm going in my own bed, the same bed my Lily died in, and... knowing that my son is alive.  That's not too shabby, is it?
Vultures...
Anybody take it?
Did you fix the damn film?  It broke in the last reel.
Did you... did you...
The film broke...
Luke... what time is it?
You know, since you've been back, that's the first time you've called me "Dad."
Ha!
Well, son, I wish I could've shown you more, but this is all that's left.  Just this one reel that never got sent back from a picture we showed here a long time ago. Nineteen twenty-five, to be exact...
Beautiful, wasn't it?
Oh, no, I...
They're...
Yes?
Goodnight, son.  'Night, Delly.
You two have a lot of catching up to do, I guess.
Carl.  Friend of yours from high school.  Everybody calls him "Cueball."
Ernie.
Son, I think you loved the Bijou even more than I did.  You've got to remember that.  You've got to.
I know it's hard to believe, son, but this place, this little place this wasn't a theater then, this was a palace!  Any man, woman, child, you, me, it didn't matter, you bought your ticket and you walked in and you...
Forty-two was a lean year around here.  The war had just started... you were gone less than a month... and we were coming off a bit of a drought as I recall.  Not everyone could ante up the price of a ticket, and a chicken's as good as money if you ask me.  At that time, it meant a lot to the folks around here to be able to come to the pictures.
Yes?
Gary Cooper.  And Barbara Stanwyck. Yowsa.
No, your mother did, then I did after she passed.
I promised him a new uniform when we re-opened.  And you'll get one, too.
Six-thirty.  I thought we'd get an early start.
This is the staff of the Bijou.
They couldn't wait to see you.
Well, yes, that she was.  She certainly made this place a home.
That's Lily.  Your mother, rest her soul.
Oh, I had Irene and Old Tim but they really couldn't help much. Broke their hearts when we closed up.  Broke mine, too.  But now that you're back, well, things will be different around here, that's for sure.  C'mon, I'll show you where we live.
Well, after the war, with so many of the town's boys killed, people around here didn't much feel like going to the movies, I guess.  Some of 'em moved away -- Los Angeles, Sacramento, San Francisco.  Wasn't much to keep 'em here, I expect. And now with this "television" thing -- people just aren't going out as much as they used to.
Hmmmm... after you left, it was difficult, and then Lily -- that's your mother -- she took ill and died... we haven't shown a picture since forty-eight.
We've been closed for a while.
Wait'll you see the inside!
Nine and-a-half years ago.
You joined up one month to the day after Pearl Harbor.  January seventh... nineteen forty-two.
You never came back from the war. We were told you were missing and presumed dead.
Albert Lucas Trumbo.  But you've been "Luke" since you were a baby.
Harry, son.  Harry.
