Take a hike.  Am-scray.
Here's three months rent, and a ten spot for no more questions and to keep an eye on his place.  Now, I need a moment alone.
What's his rent?
Wouldn't blame him if he was.
Jesus.
You smell gas?
Climb down off your cross.  They already knew about her.  She was subpoenaed six months ago! Who the hell do you think named you?
So, our lawyers had a talk with the Committee's lawyers.  That Elvin Clyde fella won't be too happy about it, but we cut a deal. They cleared you -- and they're gonna thank you publicly for your testimony purging yourself.
You should keep track of your old school chums.  Turns out she eventually joined the communist party.  On top of which, she's Lucy Angstrom Hirschfeld now, and she happens to be a writer for "Studio One" on CBS.
Well, that's not what they think.
What, all of a sudden, "Lucille Angstrom" isn't a name?
Kid, you gave them what they wanted.  This committee, it feeds on names.  The more names, the better.  But for some high-profile witnesses, like yourself, any name will do.
Peter, I'm an agent.  I buy lunches and get deals made for guys like you.  That's what I do.  You're a writer.  You write pictures. That's what you do.  And trust me, you'll be back doing it again tomorrow morning.
What, you're going to go back to that hick town and run the projector and marry the doctor's daughter?
Not at all.
Why not?
Oh, I see.  But you're not Luke. You're Peter Appleton, the picture writer.
When'd you quit smoking?
Cigarette?
No, of course not, why should you be sorry?  You're the new Peter Appleton.  You exercised your rights as a solid citizen, first amendment, freedom of speech, all that.  Very noble.
That was quite a show you gave them today.  We shoulda sold tickets.
Peter, don't let that stop you all of a sudden.
Lest we forget, Peter, your own military career was somewhat less illustrious than Luke's.
Next time, it might be the FBI. The time after that, it might be the President.  But it'll always be someone.  Count on it.
Exactly.
However... you're gonna be subpoenaed to testify before the Un-American Activities Committee when they open hearings in Los Angeles.  Now, if you play ball and tell them what they want to hear, they'll clear you.
The FBI can't arrest you, because you haven't done anything wrong.
Don't say that.  There is no such thing as a blacklist.  Now, are you gonna play ball?
That's the one, "Ashes To Ashes." I think it's great.  But it'll never get made with this communist business hanging over your head. You can't work until you're cleared -- and believe me, starting right now, I'm gonna do everything I can to make that happen.
Peter, I believe in you.  More to the point, I read your new script... um...
They don't want you to testify because you're not a big enough fish for them.  They just don't want you writing pictures for now. That's all.
You can't testify.
You broke your arm.  You were coming out of a bar.  You were drunk.
I know.  A Purple Heart.
Fought?  Come on, Pete, you ran the PX at Fort Dix.
They know you were at that meeting, Peter.  They've been told, and they know.
Kid, that cuts no ice with them.
You should watch what you say.
So, you're saying that it's true. You went to a meeting of a known communist organization.
Congress, the FBI, Red Channels, it don't matter who the hell "they" is.  "They" know who "they" are, that's all that matters.  Now, did you go to any meetings?
Are you saying it's a mistake, that you didn't go to any meetings? They say you did.
Peter, their hands are tied.  You see that, don't you?
