Right.
-- And the cooling unit on the other.
And then we run out of food and oxygen.
Oh, no.  Oh, no.
Boy do I feel a lot better.  It's a straight shot back to the Colonies, and then we can start taking bids on the paydirt.  Any bets on the top bid?
Oh -- God -- oh --
Don't know -- maybe we'll be real lucky and he just broke his neck.  I knew we shouldn't of come down here.
Don't know -- Broussard got hurt somehow.
We'd be sitting ducks in the freezers.
You can't tell -- that kind of stuff could represent printed circuits...
It makes me sick to see him like that.
But this thing uses it for <u>blood</u>.
It's eating a hole in the floor!
How about cutting it off?  We can't pull it loose, but we can cut off everything but the bottom layer, where it's stuck to his face.
Well, can't we kill it?  I mean, we can't leave the damn thing on him.
Yeah, but how?  His nose and mouth are blocked.
How does he breathe?
Where did it come from?
Yeah... well, maybe he should have.  I mean, you brought the goddamn thing in here.  Maybe <u>you</u> deserve to get slapped.
The flamethrower!
It must have stopped moving.  I'm not getting anything.
Whoever's doing the herding is gonna have their hands pretty full.  I think somebody should stay by the lifeboat to slam the door on the thing once it's inside, and to serve as... as...
What we really need is some red meat in here for bait.
Should we go outside and bring him in?
The flamethrower needs more fuel.
Good!  That's good!
<u>How</u>?
Oh no!  We can't fight this thing! There's only six hours of air left -- we're dead men!
Oh my God.
Thing is, I'm about out of fuel.
Listen, it sure didn't like this flamethrower.
At least it can't get up here now.
Sounds like a rough one.
We can't pump poison gas down into the cooling unit!  It'll flood the whole ship!
Maybe we don't have to.  It's trapped in there.  We could just leave it in there all the way back to Irth.
Don't worry, it won't damage it, it'll just give it a little incentive.
I think I could cobble something together.  A long metal rod with a battery in it.  Give it a hell of a shock.
The machine will bring his temperature down.  His vital functions are strong.
Yes.
He's running a fever.
Yes?
Well, what the hell good can we do in here?  We can't grab it -- it might jump on us --
Now we're in for it.
How could anything be indigenous to this asteroid?  It's dead.
What do you mean?
I'll come with you.
Careful, don't get under it!
Hey now, what is this?
That thing, God almighty, didn't you try to get it off him?
Boy, that's terrific.
If you press the button right now, it will blow the whole nose of the ship off.
Just keep your finger off the button till she's way away from the ship, that's all.
Hey look, somebody has to have his hands free to lock the creature in the lifeboat!
This should do it.
We can use the flamethrower.
What about all the minerals and elements in the cargo hold?  That's the only reason we came out here. We'd have to abandon them all.  We'd be broke.
Blow the ship up?
We can't kill it on board.  It's huge now and must have tremendous amounts of that acid in its body.
... And Broussard got caught in their reproductive cycle.
Well... I suppose that star-shaped thing could be the parasite that got on Broussard.  Is that what you mean?
Recognizable!  In that?
We sure need this flamethrower.
You mean his body was still kicking when it ran off with him?
Listen, hadn't somebody better check on Broussard?
That must have been when he got it.
This is horrible.
What's happening up here?
It doesn't make any sense.  It paralyzes him... puts him into a coma... then keeps him alive.
Oh... God...
What is it -- I can't tell anything --
I keep my mouth pretty much shut, but I don't like hitting.
Jay, this is Cleave!  Meet me at the main air lock!
Three blips!  They're coming this way!
I've got 'em!  They're back on my screens!
Why, you chickenshit bastard --
But they don't know about the translation!  They could be in danger right now.
What do you mean, no?
I'm getting nowhere.  The whole area around the pyramid is dead to transmission.  I think we should go after them.
What?  What was that?
I'm trying.
I've completely lost their signal.
