We can't go into hypersleep with that thing running around loose.
It's a crude symbolic language -- looks primitive.
Isn't there some way we can get it off him?
Hell of a defense mechanism.  You don't dare kill it.
I never saw anything like that in my life... except molecular acid.
God, that smoke's poisonous!
We don't know what might happen if we tried to kill it.  At least right now it's keeping him alive.
We can't expect to understand a life form like this.  We're out of our back yard.  Things are different here.
Blood's thoroughly oxygenated.
<u>He's</u> the only one that knows that.
He wouldn't open the lock; he was going to leave us out there.
Okay.
They're getting pretty close now.
They're on the next level up.
I've got Hunter... and something else as well, in front of him.
We're the new pioneers, Chaz.  We even have our own special diseases.
Time and space have no meaning out here.  We're living in Einsteinian equation.
We can't even radio for help; the carrier wave wouldn't reach its destination till long after we'd died and turned to dust.  We are utterly, absolutely alone.  Can anybody really visualize such a scale of distances?  Halfway across Creation...
I was thinking of a line from an old poem: "Water, water everywhere, but not a drop to drink."  All that space out there, and we're trapped in this ship.
And what do we do when we find it?
How?
Well, I kind of hate to point it out, but all our supplies are based on us spending a strictly limited amount of time out of suspended animation... and as you know, we used up most of that time in harvesting.
Maybe we could write it together.
I'm going to write a book about this expedition.  I'm going to call it "The Snark Log."
We're going into the freezers now.
They're from a dead civilization; they're spores from a tomb.  God knows how long they've been here.
Primitive pictorial languages are based on common objects in the environment, and this can be used as a starting point for translation...
Is it still dripping?
Reminded me of when I was a kid and the roof leaked -- everybody running for the pots and pans.
Yes, thank heaven.
It's not coming off -- not without his whole face coming off too.
What is it?
Oh God, oh God no.
<u>What is it</u>?
Can you see anything?
Is it still coming up, or is it hooked on something?
Maybe we should just wait a few more minutes.
It'll yank him right off his feet if he's not expecting it.  The line could get tangled in something.
Sun will be down in a minute.
I couldn't make it out -- too much interference.
This looks ancient.
That creature sure must have considered it important... using his last strength to draw it...
Air lock?
We should be almost on top of it.  I just can't quite...
It's close, real close.
My signal's fading.
That way.
Receiving.
Sorry.  Nothing but that same damn transmission, every 32 seconds.  I've tried every frequency on the spectrum.
Well... this rock rotates every two hours.  The sun should be coming up in about 20 minutes.
I've got it.  It's coming from ascension 6 minutes 32 seconds, declination -39 degrees 2 seconds.
What's the frequency?
First contact...
Feast your eyes.
What's the matter, you don't like this stuff?
No.  It's just too small to support fauna as big as the parasites.  If there were a native ecology, it would have to be microscopic.
They never made it off the planet. The parasites won.
We do know that.
These day and night cycles are totally disorienting.  I feel like we've been here for days, but it's only been how long?
Could be some kind of venom, or poison...
It appears to be a heavy fluid of some sort... it blocks the X-rays...
Source of transmission is to the northeast... about 300 meters.
My God, it's stormy for a piece of rock that size!
Men have waited centuries to contact another form of intelligent life in the universe.  This is an opportunity which may never come again.
