Do you remember the pyramid?
Dell, what's the last thing you can remember?
Are you in pain?
There could be a whole city out there and we'd never see it.
Or something will be able to see us.
Engines off.
Locked.
Hell, no!  We don't know what's down there on that piece of rock!  It might be dangerous!  What we should do is get on the radio to the exploration authorities... and let them deal with it.
If there is some kind of alien intelligence down on that planetoid, it'd be a serious mistake for us to blunder in unequipped.
Cattle ranch!
I feel like shit...
Oh... God... am I cold...
Computer!  I've turned all the cooling units back on!  What's wrong?
Hold it, I can't hear a damn thing!
Yes!
Unknown!  What do you mean?
What?  <u>Why</u>?
It's monstrous -- it grew, like some horrible tapeworm.  We were completely unprepared.
Dead.
Where does that go?
What happened to the lights?
Okay.
Where's it coming from?
We have to avoid injuring it.  What we really need is some electric animal prods.
But we can't kill it.  If we kill it, it will spill all its body acids right through our hull and out into space.
I didn't say it was bad for you, it's just kind of sickening, that's all.
You know what they make this stuff out of?
You like this shit?
It couldn't translate the whole thing, only three phrases.  I'll just read it to you the way I got it:  "... HOSTILE... SURVIVAL... ADVISE DO NOT LAND... "  And that's all it could translate.
The computer's translated the alien signal, and it's kind of alarming.
Jay, we've got a problem.  I was wondering if there was any way you could shortcut the repairs and give us immediate takeoff capability.
Yeah, okay.  Go ahead.
Not <u>they</u>... <u>he</u>...
<u>He</u> died.
How's it coming on the engines?
Hello, Faust!
Well, get started.
How long to fix?
Has the hull been breached?
Thanks for the thought.
Is it armed?
Isn't "bait" the word you used?
I should hope so!  And we'd better make sure it's pretty far from the ship when we blow it.
It's not going to work.
I think it's going to be almost impossible to drive it up into the lifeboat.
Our lives are more important. Anyway, we can take a small amount of the most valuable stuff with us on the lifeboat.
And the creature with it.  We can make it back to Irth in the lifeboat.
I've got an idea, but you're not going to like it.
You will notice, though, that there are no more phases.  Only four forms are shown.  After that the pattern repeats.
And right next to it, that oval design with the markings -- it's a dead ringer for the spore casings.
In symbolic form... very stylized... but if you stare at it, you can see some of the different creatures we've been dealing with.
Don't count on it.
It was horrible -- horrible.  Like a chicken.
What common objects?
The same thing must've happened to the creatures on the other ship... except they took one of those jars on board, and opened it there.
Hey!  what about the film?
I think it's fizzled out.
I think that's how it's getting oxygen to him.
It's some kind of organ -- it's inserted some kind of tube or something down his throat.
Look at that.
I guess I had it coming.  Let's call it settled.
Oh no.
How many?
Just can that crap!  I'm in command here till Chaz returns!  And nobody's leaving this ship!
We can't spare the personnel.  We've got minimum takeoff capability right now.  That's why Chaz left us on board.
We're not going anywhere.
No.
The computer just translated the goddamn message.  It's not an S.O.S. It was a warning.
Can you get them back?
Now what's wrong?
Tastes like something you'd feed a chicken to make it lay more eggs.
First thing I'm going to do when we get back is eat some biological food.
Couldn't the pyramid have been built here by space travellers?
Yeah?
About four hours.
That tube must be depositing it in him.
Close...
Just a second.  Those aren't water vapor clouds; they have no moisture content.
Look --
What can I do?
But I can save you -- get you to the Autodoc!
I'll get you out of there.
What did it do to you?
Kablooey.
And you'll let me know when you've got it coming this way...
Who gets the privilege?
So what do we do?  Do we ignore it and finish loading the explosives into the boat -- or do we flush it out now?
<u>Hey watch it</u>!
You know, it's funny -- this stuff we went to so much trouble to dig up -- this treasure, the paydirt -- it'll make it back to Irth just fine -- even if we're not with it.
Yeah... I forgot.
Doesn't matter -- we're already at light speed.  And when we get back to the Colonies, they'll pick us up in the network.
Right... but it'll take a few minutes for the engines to overheat and melt down the core.  In the meantime, we get in the lifeboat and leave the ship.
Okay.  First we shut down all the cooling systems on the stardrive engines.
It was time for that a couple days ago.
No such luck.  I saw it running down one of the corridors.
Poor kitty; puss puss puss.
No, I had to seal off a whole section.  We'd lose too much of our remaining air if we opened the connecting door.
I saw it.  Faust got himself jammed in the air lock door.  His body held it open.
... More spores coming.
This is all the same creature.  We're seeing the different stages in its life-cycle.
So the next step should be --
I know it looks like a senseless jumble, but if you look closely, there are recognizable forms.
Can you make out any pattern in all that?
Nothing.
Two down, four to go.
By eating our food supplies.
That's a flip-flop gate to channel the air, but we can use it to trap the thing.
So the only question left is: who gets to crawl down the airshaft?
Are you <u>crazy</u>?
Now what?
This stuff's deadly -- I hope we know what we're doing.
You win.
Hey, wait a minute!  That's all our food supplies in there!  We can't pump poison gas all over them!
Now what?
What's it doing, having a seizure?
We're coming!
Where are you?
Yes!
Even simple.
But if we <u>haven't</u> caught it in a week, then we have to go into the freezers anyway.
We won't need it then.
We'll have to go into quarantine, maybe for quite a while.
That's the part that always makes me feel like I'm gonna puke -- when we accelerate into light speed.
With great pleasure.
We made it!  Damn, we made it!
Engaged.
Up one kilometer, Jay.
Where did the parasites come from?
If we knew exactly what happened to the beings on the other ship --
Look, I'm not trying to rub anybody's nose in anything.  The important thing is just to get away from here as fast as possible.
Is that its mouth?
Broussard had film in his datastick, didn't he?  We can see what happened to him.
Would somebody fill me in?
I understand why you did that.
Chaz, listen to me -- we've broken every rule of quarantine.  If we bring an organism on board, we won't have a single layer of defense left.
Chaz, if it's an organism, and we let it in, the ship will be infected.
Chaz -- what happened to Broussard?
Here, Chaz.
Thank Christ!  We lost you!  Listen, there's been a new development --
Hey, can you guys hear me?
This ship is full of cat hair.
But why draw it on the wall?
What would you say that was supposed to mean?
Oh well... you know me.
I don't even know what I'm looking for.
What killed it?
I agree.  This is the single most important discovery in history.
Found what?
Okay, Chaz, I hear you.  I've got you on my board.
Yeah, rock particles.  Dust.
Not a one.  It's dead.
Zero.  Dry as a bone.
Ten to the fourth dynes per square centimeter.
10% argon, 85% nitrogen, 5% neon... and some trace elements.
Yeah, okay.
Engine room, what happened?
Atmospheric turbulence.  Dust storm.
No -- that's atmosphere.  Cloud layer.
Oh my God.
Computer, you have signalled a priority three message.  What is the message?
Chaz, I've got something here on my security alert.  A high priority from the computer...
Where are we?
Right.  Fire up all systems.
