Breathe deeply.
What's wrong?
I think that's a pretty reasonable request.
Hell, you're in great shape, you've got your sense of humor back!
Don't you remember?
How do you feel, Dell?
What was that Dell, I lost you, do you read me?
Are you okay in there?
Take care.
Dell, you want to come down, we can figure out where to go from here.
Can you see anything in the hole?
Can we come up?
You want to try?
What is it, I can't --
What is it?
I'm on my way.
What's up?
This is Chaz.
Just machinery.
No, you'll follow me.
Martin, we're going in.  I'm going to hold the conversation to a minimum from here on.
Appears to be a door hanging open, the entrance is clogged with debris.
I'm sending.  Do you hear me?
Martin, would you run me an atmospheric?
Then take her down.
Is it solid?
What's the terrain down there?
Activate lifter quads.
Dell, I want greater magnification. More surface detail.  I want to see what this place looks like.
Except it will take 75 years to get a reply back.  Don't forget how far we are from the Colonies, Martin.
Gravity?
Any rotation?
Can you get it a little closer?
Where the hell are we?
Dell, plot our location.
Sandy, scan the whole sky.
Just <u>hold it</u>, <u>hold it</u>!  Computer: have you attempted to analyze the transmission?
Computer, what language was that?
Play it for us, please.
A transmission?
Computer, this is Captain Standard. What conditions are you talking about?
And be right back.
All right... but do <u>not</u> go below decks.
No, I don't want us separated.
Meet us on the bridge.  Be careful -- it's <u>huge</u> now.
So it's trapped in between -- now we have to drive it out.
It looks completely different from the first one -- it's more like a worm with legs... and tentacles.
All right -- Roby and Melkonis will go with Faust.  Hunter and I will make up the second team.
I hope not.
No, we can't afford to lose that much oxygen.  We're going to have to flush it out.
So does anybody have any suggestions?
Oh it's okay.  I've had better cag than this, but I've had worse too, if you know what I mean.
Just hold us together till we're in space, that's all!
What?
It's really on there tight.
Then why the hell are you sitting around here?
And when will you be ready to do that?
Jay... how's it coming on the repairs?
Damn it!  How long to fix?
I can't, the acid will pour out!
Let me go first; you stay behind me.
Well... now we have to herd that thing up here.
It will be.
No... the risk is too great.  Perhaps after we've destroyed the thing.
The ship's gravitational attraction must have drawn him back.
Right.  We've got a lot to accomplish.  Let's get moving.
You can't say that; I think it's a good plan.
We can load the lifeboat up with explosives and trigger them remotely, once the lifeboat is in space.
If we could just get the <u>creature</u> into the lifeboat, we could launch it into space and blow it up.
It's time for drastic remedies.
I don't buy that.  There's still time to destroy it and get ourselves in the freezers.
Does anybody know what happened?
We've got six hours left.
That's right -- we can't kill it on the ship, but we can at least keep it at bay -- and maybe drive it into the air lock.
We'd better seal off the lower maintenance level; at least trap it there.
Got a better idea?
While the rest of us wait down in the cooling unit with the net.
The only other thing I can think of is for somebody to crawl in there and flush it out.
Don't be an idiot.
How do we locate the creature?
Good.  Get on it.  But first, I'm issuing a standing order: from this moment forth, every one of us will wear protective garments, including helmets.  Let's get down to the locker and change.
Good.
Can you do anything for him?
Still unconscious?
How's Broussard?
Maybe we can catch it.
No, don't open the door.  We don't want it escaping.
The door was closed.  It must still be in here.
Maybe it wasn't always dead.
Well, those things out there aren't the same, you know -- the spaceship and the pyramid.  They're from different cultures and different races.  That ship just landed here -- crashed like we did.  The pyramid and the thing from it are indigenous.
You know, it's fantastic -- the human race has gone this long without ever encountering another advanced life form, and now we run into a veritable zoo.
I'll do it.  The rest of you continue.
There.  Should be coming through about there.
Ask him.
It wouldn't come.
Well, how does it feel to be rich men?
It's over, Hunter.
And you and I will bag it, and then we'll take it to the ventral air lock, got it?
All right, then -- when it gets to the other side of the door, you sing out, then drop the door.  Okay?
Let's get moving with this net.
Are they close?
Come on -- let's go above and see how they're coming with the gear.
I can see you're putting your spare time to good use.  Let me tell you something: you keep staring at hyperspace for long enough, they'll be peeling you off a wall.  I've seen it happen.
We came out there, we'll go back.  A long time by the clock, but a short time to us.
That's the one about the albatross, right?
I thought I'd find you here.
We'll have to trap it somehow.  If we had a really strong piece of net, we could bag it.
Room by room, corridor by corridor.
We've got about a week left, right?
We'll have to catch it and eject it from the ship.
The commander normally has first publication rights.
We're going home.  We're in hyperspace.
Too primitive.  It's a pre- technological construction.  That slab was engineered by an Iron-Age culture at best.
That sounds a little fanciful...
It appears to have healed itself.
No, thank God... just missed him.
We're just plain lucky.  That could have gone right through the hull -- taken <u>weeks</u> to patch it.
It's stopped?
Let's let the machine work on him.
How the hell should I know?  Come on, give me a hand, let's get him out of there!
It won't come -- it's stuck.
Help me -- I'm going to try to get it off.
<u>Don't touch him, watch it</u>!
No, it's coming.
There, it caught!
But what can we do?  He's out of radio contact.
Here's his line.  We can haul him out of there if we have to.
If we don't hear from him soon, I think we better go in after him.
What'd he say?
Can't tell -- these weather conditions could erode anything, fast.
Doesn't seem much doubt about it, does there?
Who knows?
How far?
What's wrong?
You lead.
All right.  Now just remember: keep away from those weapons unless I say otherwise.  Martin, do you read me?
Just settle down.  Sandy, you get any response yet?
Well, we can't go anywhere in this darkness.  How long till dawn?
Dell -- show me that on a screen.
Computer, what's the frequency of the transmission?
Sandy, can you home in on that beam?
Sandy, you want to give us some vision?
Kill me...
No good... it's eaten too much of me...
No... don't...
That was Melkonis... it ate Hunter...
Look...
Kill me...
And you stand aside while we drive it in, then shut the hatch, launch the boat, and --
All right, Martin, we'll be in touch with you on the communicator.
Yes, and maybe launch the boat and blow it too... if the others are injured.
Now.  If we can get it into the boat, we won't have to blow it up -- we can just eject it into space.
It's stable; it doesn't hurt to drop it.
Here, carry these.
But the idea's good, if we could just turn it around somehow.
No, it won't work and I just realized why.  There's only one hypersleep freezer on the lifeboat. Only one of us could survive.
But the lifeboat can't accelerate to light speed.
That'll blow the ship up.
Let's hear it.
That kind of remark is pointless. Now come on -- I want to hear every suggestion you can come up with, no matter how wild.
At least we're rid of the damn monster.  It must have been the first thing sucked out of the ship.
Can we get to him?
Which presumably means...
Then that tomb... must have been some kind of fertility temple... where they stored their eggs, and maybe held mating rituals...
That next thing there -- six legs, tentacles -- that's the thing we saw in the food locker.
Well... yes... there's a pattern... but it's meaningless to me.
What's that supposed to mean?
How did it get so <u>big</u>?
Right now let's keep it closed.
Let's be democratic.
The man would need protection, obviously -- as well as some way to drive the thing before him.
What do you think?  Now we go in.
Go ahead, Jay.
Once we kill the thing we won't need the food any more -- we can go straight into hypersleep.  Also, it sounds like that thing is already doing a pretty good job on our supplies; it may be fouling them all.
I guess we open the door and net it.
It started crashing around right after we locked it in.
Food-storage room!
We've got it up here!  It's trapped! Get up here fast!
These will be very useful.  At least we won't have to go digging around in closets with our bare hands.  All right, here's the battle plan: we're going to break into two teams and start systematically covering the ship.  Whoever finds it first, catches it in the net and ejects it from the nearest airlock.  Clear?
All right, so that's what we've got. A week.  It's plenty of time.
That's okay, he can remain in hypersleep until they're ready to treat him.
I think the best thing to do with Broussard is to just freeze him as he is.  It'll arrest the progress of his disease, and he can get complete medical attention when we get back to the Colonies.
Quit complaining; we're in space.
You bet we made it.  Martin, set course for Irth and accelerate us into stardrive.
Let's take her into an escape orbit.
Take us up.
They seem native to the planet.  It's got an atmosphere and a dense gravity.  It's dead now, but once it must have been fertile.
I can't lean on Faust any harder -- he's been working non-stop on the engines.
I'm sorry to say it looks like you were right in the first place, Martin.  We never should have landed here.
Look at these suckers -- no wonder we couldn't get it off him.
What film?
He went into the pyramid alone.  We lost radio contact with him.  When we pulled him out, it was on his face. It won't come off, not without injuring him.
Good.
Martin, this is an order!  Open the door!
We can't leave him out here, open the door.
You hear me, Martin?  Open the outer door.
It's some kind of organism, it's attached itself to him.  Let us in.
We're coming up now, open the outer lock door.
Can't talk now; Broussard's injured. We'll need some help getting him into the ship.
Yeah, we hear you!  We're coming back!
Tell you what, Martin.  As soon as the engine's fixed --
Well... it's obviously intentional... some kind of attempt at communication... maybe it's a symbol that means something to them...
I've always respected your opinion, Martin.  If something worries you, it worries me.
Still worried?
Find anything we missed?
But?
Martin?
It appears to be some sort of spacecraft.  We're going to approach it.
Martin, uh, we've found it.
Good.  I'm getting you clear too. Let's just keep the line open.
Well, we won't need pressure suits, but breathing masks are called for. Sandy -- can you rig up some kind of portable unit that we can use to follow that transmission to its source?
Anything else?
Any microorganisms?
Good!  Moisture content?
Nontoxic... but unbreathable. Pressure?
Sandy... how far are we from the source of the transmission?
What the hell happened?
Turn on navigation lights.
It's out of focus.
Well, it's finally happened.
Let's hear it.
This is Chaz speaking.  Sorry, but we are not home.  Our present location seems to be only halfway to Irth. Remain at your posts and stand by. That is all.
Sandy, contact traffic control.
All right, tycoons, let's stop spending our credit and start worrying about the job at hand.
