That's right, me.
Surprised?
Not for long.  We're retiring the Red Cars.  People will drive, Mr. Valiant, because they'll have to.  And when they drive, they'll have to buy our cars, our tires, our gasoline.
A freeway, Mr. Valiant, is eight lanes of asphalt running uninterrupted from L.A. to Pasadena.  Pasadena to Hollywood.  Hollywood to Santa Monica. Someday everyone will be in cars driving happily, non-stop from one end of the L.A. Basin to another.
Right here where we're standing, will be the cornerstone of my idea... the cloverleaf -- an elegant cement structure that intertwines freeways.
They won't care.  Who's going to miss some ridiculous talking mice when they can have the future?
It wasn't Toontown they wanted.  It was my idea of how to put the land to better use.
No one person is Cloverleaf.  We're a vast company with diverse interests... gasoline, tires, automobiles.
No matter.  I don't expect the will to show up in the next fifteen minutes.  By then Cloverleaf will own Toontown quite legally.
I've had enough of your insolence!  Put him in my car.  I think they'll enjoy attending our ribbon cutting at the Acme factory.
These roads can be very treacherous at night, especially in a maniacal Toon vehicle.
Well, why not?  I'm feeling magnanimous tonight.  The successful conclusion of this case draws the curtain on my career as a jurist. I'm retiring to take a new role in the private sector.
Yes, and for that you're charged with aiding and abetting.  But we'll let Santino handle that.
You're a very stubborn man, Mr. Valiant.  Very pig-headed.  Boys, show Mr. Valiant how we handle pig-headed men at the Toontown station...
Indeed we are.  We'll continue the interrogation there.
Oh, not <u>that</u> downtown.  <u>Toon</u>town.
Take it easy, Bongo.  We'll handle Mr. Valiant our own way... downtown.
They?
Marvin Acme had no will.  I should know, the probate is in my court.
Being caught breaking and entering is not very good advertising for a detective.  What were you looking for, Mr. Valiant?
So you wouldn't have any idea where he might be?
Yes, I find that weasles have a special gift for the work.  The rabbit didn't contact you by any chance, did he?
Yes, we talked to Mr. Maroon.  He told us the rabbit became quite agitated when you showed him the pictures, and said nothing would stand in the way of him getting his wife back.  Is that true?
