I'm accused of using some government wagons to ship personal property.
Unfortunately, I'll never get the chance.  I'm leaving in an hour for Congress to scream like a violated virgin about my promotion.  Wasting my time, naturally... Look at her teasing those bumpkins.
I wish she was beneath me.
Well, now there's something worth dying for.  What do you think?
They always say that.
These men were taken from their homes at night, tried by Reed's courts -- which Congress recognizes -- and, well, you can see.
They love Reed and his inquisition! I think they hope to share in his disgusting profits!  It's becoming the American way!
That scum Joseph Reed... they're calling him the 'King of Pennsylvania'.  The man's a budding Cromwell.  He condemns rich Tories to death and then 'appropriates' their property for himself. Naturally, the pig hates me for every Tory I've saved.
I'm sure his dogs will be overjoyed.
There, then, you can have sort of a normal life.
Gates?  He used my battle plan and I humbly submit that without me he'd still be back at Saratoga waiting for the British to attack.  George, why haven't you moved into the Potts' house back at the creek? Much more befitting of a Commander and Chief than your field tent. And... you could entertain.  I think you need to entertain more. Seriously!  Get a few New Jersey whores up here, invite some Congressmen... couldn't hurt.
That can't be.
Same old story.
While they're strung out?
Well, George, who were you?
Well, truth be told?  I was a pharmacist.  Alexander?
After visiting Congress I know what it's like being violated by come disproportionate asses!  Ah, if she only knew that the most important men in the country -- possibly the world -- are sitting at this table...
Christ, George, Joseph Reed's been writing letters back to Congress attacking you.  Your own aide!
Someday, George, you may need to act for the good of the people no matter what Congress thinks that is.  It may come down to us, or them someday.  You or them.  Cicero was right:  was is 'a time when the laws are silent'.
The army can survive without me.
What do you think, George, shall I resign?  It's what they want.
It is.
Congress is talking -- openly -- about replacing you with Lee.
The man's waiting for you to get wiped off the stage so he can become commander and chief.
But trust you to do what?  One side in Congress wants compromise; another glorious battle; some surrender -- some, of course, just want power and money.  But if you don't mind my asking, George, what are your plans?
Oh, they have reasons... there's a lot of confusion these days.
Congress has picked up it's skirts and is racing for Baltimore. They're not waiting for spring!  Of course, they still had time to deny my promotion.  Even John Adams voted against it...
I've come to report that we've had a bit of luck!
It comes down to leaders.  If our leaders are ordinary men who truly believe; if they go into the forests with the troops, eat what they eat, fight with them, perhaps to die?  The most common soldier will defy your most depressing expectation.
And a French alliance?
Well, you fought with them against the French and Iroquois, how good were they then?
Exceedingly.  Besides, if I had half the wagons that were used to lug the rum to Philadelphia for this congress, I could move a whole army to the moon!
Over three hundred miles.
I capture Quebec leading an Army by river fordings through Maine... If we don't do it, the British will come down Champlain, take back Ticonderoga and attack us in the spring.
We've got to attack the British! Now!  Have they put you in charge yet?  Do we have an army yet?  What is happening?
