Congress has been using our supply wagons for years to ship their black market goods -- probably their whores!
What does she see in them?
Hmmm... she's beneath me, I'm afraid.
Some say that Hessians are invincible.
That's why the people trust you George.  Without someone at the convention, who has the people behind him, everything will fail. Will you do it?
George, you're the only man the people trust... trust with power. They know you won't betray them.
Have you decided if you are going to join the Virginia Delegation to the Constitutional Convention?
Yes, I believe so.
March on Philadelphia!  Get Joseph Reed, and the pigs in Congress, the speculators, who've grown fat off the war!  Get them all!  Sweep them aside!
He warned you some day you might have to act for the good of the people -- even if it was against Congress.  George, the time has come for you to declare yourself king of America.  Listen to me, the whole army would rise up as one and place you on a throne!  George, you must declare yourself with us or against us.
George, remember that night when we were drinking with Arnold?
No one knows...
Congress has informed the army that it is bankrupt and cannot pay the soldiers pensions.
I am not conscious of it, sir!  But since you have thought it necessary to tell me so, we part!
Sir, Arnold is a traitor.
Sir, I think no such thing.
Yessir.
General Greene is here.  There are two other divisions here.
What are we going to do?
They go back home to keep their families alive, stay into the spring to plant.  Then, they start coming back to us.
Are you going to keep him, sir?
I was a clerk's apprentice on Saint Croix.  But, then I went to King's College.
It's a wonder they find the British cause worth dying for.
But it's what he said, just before they killed him:  "I regret that I have but one life to give to my country."
With pleasure... and an honor.  Did you hear about Nathan Hale?
General Washington, is there actually going to be a compromise, I mean, a 'deal' with England?
Well, sir, then is it possible you called us all here just to hear what you wanted to hear.
Therefore, retreat.
Excuse me, General, but may I ask how do you feel?
Delighted, sir.
I'll be twenty next year, sir.
We've got powder but no ball!
Captain Alexander Hamilton, sir!
