I don't want to see your hospital.
Not today.
Leave me, now sir, I am tired.
Well, we must keep in mind the Dower Laws.  One third of everything we have is mine and since our Negroes have been interbreeding, it would be legally impossible to distinguish them.
Don't condescend to me!  We have both of us prospered from the arrangements of our kind...
Some things must never change.
Oh, indeed?  You know very well people are frightened of arming the Negroes!  They beg you to consider the future.  What good is a revolution if it overturns those things we cherish!?
Virginia is outraged with your order allowing Negroes to fight in the army.  There's a deep feeling of hurt and betrayal.  They wanted you commander because they expected you would look out for our interests.
Well, I wouldn't want to trouble you with this now.
It's an anti-Christian dogma!  I cannot believe you are so calm about it!
Did you know that Jefferson has proposed a law in Virginia aiming at an absolute separation of state from the church?
And have you heard anything from our dear friend, Sally?  What with all the rumors getting back to England.  I thought she might inquire after us.  But then I believe she always looked down on us.
That's when Sally Fairfax was tutoring you...
When you lived with the Fairfaxes?
You're no fool, George.  You never have been.
And, what 'prize' do you see?  What could we possible gain?
Have you been reading what Minister Jefferson has to say?  If he had his way, all our slaves would be freed no matter what the outcome. And that would destroy us as surely as a British victory.
I can not allow the fortune in slaves my first husband created and what our partnership has elevated, to be destroyed...
Well, a very real expectation is the British will hang you!  They'll burn Mount Vernon and they'll hang you!  Our marriage is a business just as surely as...
My God, what?
But to go to war over trade, over money?  Surely there's still time for a compromise.
War?  No!  I did not!  When you said compromise was possible I believed it was probable.  There's no middle ground at all?  We're the King's children!
My God, these people mean to go to war!  They really mean it.
