What's the difference?
We already have black soldiers in our army...
The British Army is right back there, across that river!  Sir!  I think it must be something else that detains General Lee.
Detained by what?
I hear General Lee is holding seven thousand fresh infantry back in New York -- why won't he come on!?
These men have suffered but I believe they will fight.
I doubt Arnold will be afraid.
If the constitution is ratified... we'll have a country.  They'll want to elect you president of the convention, which means president of the country.
It is; we need you George.
Yes sir, it's a wise idea...
Sir, I have to act on instructions from you ordering thirty copies of your own dress uniform...
I'm honored, but, reluctant to leave you.
What the hell are we doing?
Then, maybe I do see what you're after -- perhaps... you get to chose again...
But you are an aristocrat and a slave owner.  Sir.
No.  We're all of us after something.  It's easy for me to fight for the common man.  My father could only dream that I would be... a general someday?  And what of my daughter or son?  I know what I'm after.  But now, with all this talk about compromise?  It means the rich will just be more wealthy and the common man has no hope.
Sir, if you don't mind my saying, I don't understand your history at all.  I mean, why would you want to win the war?  You're not after glory, like Benedict...  You're a slave owner, and yet you invite blacks to fight in your army.
They're just disgusting, jealous, bottom-feeding swine.  It's their nature.
I'm with Captain Hamilton.
You wrong me, general; I am an officer and a horse-shoer.
Well sir, I was an ironmaster before you got me.  Maybe I will let you down yet.
Sir, Congress hasn't issued their pay for two months, many have not eaten properly for at least that long.  You're being a little hard on them, don't you think?
Yes, but I've spent the last winter studying all the great battles of history.  And I read the lives of Caesar, Alexander, Hannibal...  Sir, I'm volunteering you the wholehearted support of the Rhode Island army.
I have commanded the Rhode Island Militia for a year now.  My father is an ironmaster.  As was I.
I was born with a limp, sir.  The Militia used to hate it when I marches with them because my pike would always sway...
I... I'm possessed of the idea of a command in your army, sir.
Colonel Washington?  Colonel Nathanael Greene, Rhode Island Militia.
Yessir!
We're leaving them?
