"Mankind is born free, but everywhere he is in chains..."
Well, I remember a philosopher who said something that I used to think was just another of those stupid class denouncements... but which I now see means us all.
You remember, George, when we were 'studying' the great philosophers?
Now that is a lie!  See how much you want to create a scandal in exchange for a glowing reputation and polite society laid at your feet!  When you break off your engagement to Martha Curtis, I'll divorce William!  Do you hear?  You get what you want from this world, then throw it all away on love!
Is it?  William says now you have requested a British Commission, why not colonial?  I'll clear it up for you, sir, because as a British officer you can lord over colonial yokels -- more than that, it will even get you into polite society! Your dream come true, George, the only dream that really matters to you.
And what is this, then?  Been off to fight the French because you are a patriot?  Or is this you, gaining your long sought after rise in society by becoming victorious in war!?
George, you know I only love you, but...
Is that the truth?  Well, we can't carry on like animals any longer.
Well, the widow Curtis will bring you riches, position, land, even half-grown children.  You won't have to do anything at all!  You shan't have to do another thing to prove yourself.
Think what the play means, William. Perhaps these words have a place in the real world.
Except for that, quite like home; England, that is.
Oh, but you must not mind my talking about you!  In fact, William says my main job here at Belvoir is to civilize you; to make an honest English gentleman out of you.
So, you are William's wild young neighbor?  Or should I say, 'brother'; William claims you as a member of his family.  I have heard so many unflattering tales about you, and I understand, that except for you, this 'family' is quite cultivated.
Voltaire, of course...
Remember, George, "It is dangerous to be right in matters on which the established authorities are wrong."
And dost thou live to ask it?
I've been surprised in an unguarded hour, But must not now go back; the love that lay, Half smothered in my breast, has broke through all, Its weak restraints, and burns in its full lustre.  I cannot, if I would, conceal it from thee.
Those people?  I doubt they'd think of this.  Ooo, you're wonderful this color!
Why?  Juba was an African and you want to look the part -- hold still.
Let's get you darker!
I don't laugh at you, George.  I like you.  I like you because you will never, ever make it as an aristocrat... and that's because you're completely incompetent at hiding your feelings.
And to think I am teaching you to become one of them...
Is it?  Well, I'm scared of what we've become in our freedom.
Do you?  When I saw those men yesterday in the field... and the women and children in those hovels? I'm not so sure if America is as far from England as I'd hoped.
The place to want to be is America. Every English child dreams of it. I dreamt it.
Perhaps you best ask, why you wish it.  You asked William to teach you manners, philosophy, decorum... as I said, it's completely stupid.
It's stupid, of course.
That's just my interpretation. Actually it's a dance designed as a sentiment of courtly manners. You see?  Walk in a gently 'Z'. There are four distinct movements...
In the minuet, George, every movement is significant, like the strut of cranes...
The word 'minuet' finds its source in minitus, which is Latin meaning 'small' or 'orderly'.
Capture them?  Well, I've never seen anything like it, so... of course I'm curious.
Africa?  That's so far?  How do they get here?
Where... do those men come from, George?
