Cut those men down.  Congress is pushing ahead with your court-martial.  Benedict, trust me to handle this.
You go too far, Benedict.
Couldn't you have appealed to Congress?
The point being:  he's also a candidate for my job.  If we can pull this off, maybe I can restore their faith in me.
Have you heard?  The British are negotiating to make a trade for General Lee.
As soon as the men have good shelters I'll move.  Perhaps Martha will join me this winter.
There's this whispering campaign against me ever since Gates won at Saratoga.
There was this anonymous pamphlet circulated at Congress which says I am personally responsible for all our hardships.  And... that I have encouraged the people of America to make me into a God!  Benedict, it says that I have gone mad!
They're ready.  Believe me, the ones that stayed on here at Valley Forge are ready for anything.  Of course, we get nothing from Congress.  They need boots, coats... we desperately need food.
Exactly.  We'd attack the baggage wagons and the rear guard.  It would cause the line to buckle. Then we hit the center with our main force and cut them in half.
Our plan is to hit them as they leave.
I?  You all know my history.
We're so damned important!  Look at us -- Nathanael, you were a horse- shoer, Benedict, before this?
I hope I never have to believe that.
Then, I need you.  We all do. Without your victory the men would have no hope at all.
The army needs you.
Don't do anything rash, please, Benedict.
Is that a fact.
Go on... I want to hear everything.
We're in bad shape, Benedict, moral is low.  Before I can do anything, I need Lee and his seven thousand troops.  I've ordered him to join us three times.  In my last letter I all but begged him to come here. The man is insubordinate.
They don't trust me, that's the truth isn't it?  Sam Adams never did.
Why in hell would John do that? Why in hell would any of them do that?  After all you've done, it's unbelievable!
Damn-it!  You've given us a whole new season, Benedict!  And Congress thinks that the British are going to ride right over us come spring. Now half their army is back in Canada.
Arnold!
Ben Franklin's going to Paris, but I think the French will be long on talk and short on guns.  Our troops are mobs, they won't take orders, have no equipment... could they beat the British?
They died well.  Otherwise, they didn't do much right.  But if we have war, the British will surely send their best troops:  right now they have no other enemies.
What's your frank estimation of the British?
You seem pleased by the prospect.
You'd have to travel hundreds of miles through the wilderness.
Patience, Colonel Arnold.  Active personalities terrify these men.  But, congratulations on your victory at Ticonderoga...
Well, what have you thought?
Wil, I want to remind you of a conversation we started just before Monmouth...
You'd have money every year, so you wouldn't have to work.  You can stay at Mount Vernon as long as you want...
Wil, I'm giving you your freedom. Do you understand?
You've served me loyally, year after year, without complaining. I've thought hard about you this past winter.  I want to free you, Wil.  I want to give you your freedom, after this battle is fought.
Wil...
Yes, William.  I am apologizing.
What?  What are you talking about?
Misunderstood what!?
None of the servants is to touch a gun!  You know that!
You are never, never to touch my guns!  Do you understand!?
Tell Mrs. Washington I am compelled to stay a while longer.
Marquis!  Get these men reformed, send Steuben and Wayne out on the left...
Who is that!?
What do you know about these men!? They can stand against anything! They've seen more war than most field generals!  They are not cowards, sir!  They are not afraid!
What the goddamned hell do you think you are doing!?
Lafayette will not be happy...
General Lee, welcome back.  I'm happy you've decided to join us.
You're asking me to be president of a republic, not king?  Not a dictator over subjects?
But it's more than just that, am I right?
I'm not sure.
Well, if it's my last order, then I order them to be there!  Tell them I will give them my decision then.
I want to address the officers, all the officers.  Next Friday.  Can we arrange it at the mess?
What's your advice, Alexander?
Is this a coup?  Alexander, are you trying to tell me that I might be assassinated if I don't agree?
To hell with Arnold...
This is a declaration of insurrection!  Who wrote this!?
What is this?
I must tell you sir you treat me with disrespect!
Don't lie to me, Hamilton!  If I had not court-martialed Arnold...
Did you know that Arnold left the entire defenses of this fort in complete disrepair?  Most of our cannons are so neglected they may as well have been spiked!?  You realize what would happen if this fort fell?  The whole Hudson would be open to them!
Colonel Hamilton.  Anyone who served under Arnold, I want them shipped north.  I don't want any troops here who served under Arnold.
Get the body of our army up to Greene's vanguard as fast as we can.  All the damned fool has to do is hit the British rearguard and then hold for us.
It's impossible to stop these men deserting in winter, you might as well stop geese from migrating.
We better, Congress invented him.
To learn to shoot cannon?
They're among the best divisions the British have.  No conscripts, no impressed recruits, just professional killers.
That young school teacher... I heard the British hung him as a spy.
Captain, I want you to know that I respect your openness.  It would make me happy if you'd join our table for dinner from now on.
And is that the most horrible thing in the world?
I'm so inclined.
No one wants to turn the table on the enemy more than I.  But if victory is remote and there's any hope for a negotiated peace, we must keep this army intact.
I'll expect you for dinner this evening, Captain Hamilton.  For Christ's sake, have a bath.
How old are you, Captain?
Then use rocks!
Hamilton, you're going to have to cover our asses as we cross.
Who the hell knows?  Everyone's giving orders.  It's all very democratic.
The last I heard, a bunch of drunken militia have dug in on Breed's hill.  With one stroke the British could cut them off and apparently their leaders are too dumb to see it.
Horatio!  Horatio Gates, of course you know John Adams of the Massachusetts Delegation.
Is that where our meat and boots and uniforms and muskets went?
Of course the army will acquit him, that's not the point... Arnold is a man and will understand.  What I need to understand is, John, Sam... what is happening here?  Who are those people in there?  The fat ones in silk?
Lafayette is my friend!  He believes in glory and truth and the freedom of all mankind; so, of course he's a child.  But he would have died before he would have let me down.
If he supports the British why is it that every time he gets near them he kills so many of them?  Unlike General Lee... who you and Congress backed for second in command and who is a goddamned incompetent!
I think many would like to see him commander-in-chief.
I don't know:  delivering men and delivering men with their goodwill are two different things.  And, if he's popular with his men...
As does your ability, Horatio.  We must talk further, when it's more convenient.
Well, John Adams, your cousin has a marvelous gift.
Are you all going insane!? Benedict Arnold!  The man who stopped the British on Lake Champlain!  Who carried the day at Saratoga!  Goddamn-it, Joseph, you own two mansions, ride in an expensive, Tory coach!  You are all nothing but a pack of greedy pigs!
Arnold is indispensable, do you understand?  I need Arnold to help me win this war!
How can you say that?
Gentlemen, let me get to the point, I can't see the wisdom of pursuing this old court-martial against General Arnold.
Joseph, are you afraid to cross that river with me?  I accept your resignation.  With regret.  You have leave to return to Philadelphia...
They help me understand why we fight.
How many generals do we have like Arnold?  He's got guts -- he's vain, and he fights!
They are also very religious.  So, we will attack them three days from now, on Christmas.  One force under me, and another to the south under Colonel Cadwalader...
I mean, I'm a Deist.  A belief I share with the likes of Tom Jefferson and Ben Franklin.  Surely you knew that.
No.  As a matter of fact I haven't the slightest idea what you're talking about.
A grand scheme?
Joseph, the British spent thousands of pounds and precious months putting together a fleet that Arnold stopped by sacrificing a heap of old barges.  In my opinion he saved my army.
Colonel Reed...
If we have any hope for a compromise or truce with England now, we have to hold on here:  our men must believe they can win -- the British must believe that somehow, in some mad, impossible way we might actually be able to hurt them.
My God... They mean to finish us. What about Arnold?  He's up there.
A fleet?
Any word from Canada?
I will continue with our French allies, concentrating on New York.
Get these men back in line!
My God!  Who ordered this retreat?!
What is it, Marquis?
When the snow melts, mon petite Marquis, I suspect the only thing blossoming will be bright red British soldiers.
Because, if the British got off their asses and came up here, now, we would be smashed.  And the revolution would be finished.  Tell King Louis, it's that bad.
Chose another.  Any general worth anything should have a brace of horses.
Well, we will accept these charming little gifts.  When we see them. Meanwhile, please, take your pick of a horse.
And how rusty are these muskets?
These supplies...?
'Charming little victories?' Please don't expect much more of us, Monsieur.
You must be very rich.
No, please; an advance on your salary.
The one with 'Philadelphia' spelled correctly is the counterfeit.
'Continentals', Congress' paper money.  It was worthless to start with, but as you see, counter feiters have made them even less than worthless.  Can you tell which one is fake?
Gentlemen, my I introduce a French gentleman, recently appointed major general by Congress...  Marie Joseph Paul Yves Roch Gilbert du Motier, Marquis de Lafayette. General Lafayette has brought us the greetings and goodwill of his countrymen, and... how many cases of muskets, Mon petite Marquis?
What I want to know is sir:  where is your daddy?
We have more officers created by Congress than we know what to do with.
I want you to see our hospital.
Come out and meet my soldiers. They're good people.
Martha!  For God's sake!
Our 'kind'?  What is that supposed to mean?  These men are all I have left and they stay because they will fight!  They desire it!  They seek it!  Of course Virginia is terrified!  For my soldiers this is a war to obliterate the 'upper class' from the face of the earth! Should I tell them all to go home because if they win it will ruin me!?  It is impossible for me to imagine that Negroes are fighting so that only white men may be free! If we win this war they will own this country too!
Is that why you come in here tossing pennies to my starving men? It's damned condescending!
What's the point of a revolution if it doesn't?
To win this war I need an army.
Martha... what?
What else?  From Virginia?
I think I heard that.
That's right...
When I was a young man we used to recite Cato... We would come together recite it like they were words from heaven.  Devotion to country, duty, purity of heart... Purity of heart.  I was drunk on something then...
"Liberty, Virtue, Country"... That's from Cato... you know, that play about the noble Romans?  As I was riding up to Philadelphia, I found myself thinking about the old days...
But, as usual, it will not go well for... them.  Martha, you must trust me.
Everything.  If we force Britain into concessions it will open up the western lands -- and that would be a boon for our family.  We already have more slaves than we need, but we need more land.
The day Tom Jefferson frees a slave I'll ride naked through the streets of Williamsburg on a mule.  Tom Jefferson is one of those people who talks big and acts small.  The only man out there who really does what he says is Sam Adams and everyone thinks he's crazy.  Believe me, this 'disturbance' isn't going to last long.  You have to understand, congress is a chicken coop full of foxes, Martha, each and every one has his eye on a nice, fat prize.
Don't be ridiculous, of course that won't happen.
I'm very aware of that.
The eternal dream of the disenfranchised, my dear:  a classless world.  Not a very real expectation.
Of course, if it were that simple.  These people?  They're after something else...
Our beloved father, the King, also refuses to bend.
Surely you knew this was coming.
It's another demonstration against the king.  This is the wildest yet.
You know, I came back to Mount Vernon to retire.  I don't need to be in government.
Well, this must be about something!
They're for my bodyguard.  I have an absolute conviction that Arnold is planning to have me assassinated!  It will be harder if I am surrounded by a body of men who look like me, don't you think?
Nathanael, I'm sending you to Virginia to head the southern army, to harass Cornwallis.  Marquis, you must go with him.
You've got to stop them here or our whole line will cave-in!  It's all right boys, I'm here!
At one time I could have chosen not to be.
I will not betray you, Nathanael.
You don't believe I can fight from a sense of duty and patriotism?
You have a free tongue, Captain Hamilton.
Yes, I thought that's how you'd feel, Nathanael.
General Greene?
I certainly didn't mean you.  Of course you are a gentleman, an officer and a gentleman.
Nathanael, someone bred to station, bred to being a gentleman -- unlike these men -- his sense of duty naturally prevails over the baser needs.
The only way to get discipline into these men is to beat it into them! Fifty lashes each!
A horseshoer?
But, you do come from a military family?
It isn't my army yet, Colonel Greene.  Looks like you've seen some action -- did you hurt your leg, in a fight?
Yes, yes, happy to meet you.
They're finished, they can't help us anymore!  They've done their duty, General Greene, now you do yours!
We can't take them.  Are you all right?
Really?  Which precious homily was it?
I remember a pair of young philosophers once, who laughed at the world.
I'd throw everything away for you.
Perhaps you've been counting my acres, Mrs. Fairfax, and discovered exactly how poor I really am.
That's a lie!
But not more than your comfort.
You know very well who it is that I love.
God damn you, Sam Adams!  You wanted a revolutionary army and now that we've really got one it scares you more than it does the British!
That?  I hear a mob:  unemployed, drunkards, vagabonds... the world's dregs.
Are these philosopher going to be here to help you fight your war? You know why I don't trust revolutions?  Because each of us is who we are:  we make speeches, print pamphlets, and we never change.  The world is not a philosophical abstraction, Mister Adams, it's us.  And, I don't believe you can ever change human nature.
I see...
Who says so?
Just because they are born?
That land belongs to the strongest.
