Kramer, the WORP control handle just came off in my hand.
Now!
We've blown the computer!  Elaine!  Set course change!
I guess you'd have to be a fool not to be afraid at a time like this.
Are you afraid?
The sun will heat that thing to over 450 degrees within seconds.  He'll roast like a pig on a spit.
That's right -- premature ejection.
Sit down, Elaine.  If this bomb trick works we just might make it.  Simon was a fool to eject now.
That might be the news we've been waiting for.
Well, Elaine, this might be it if those guys on the ground don't think of something.
Kurtz was the one who got us into this mess in the first place.  You people knew this ship wasn't ready to fly.  You played God with over a hundred lives, Kruger, and for what -- the prestige of your precious space program.
Not now, Elaine.
Elaine, I'm going back there.  Just hold onto that stick and try to control this hunk of tin as best you can.
Elaine, what's going on?
Elaine!
There's something dangerously wrong with this ship, Elaine.  I know its the wiring. That toilet's just the tip of the iceberg.
What would you say if I told you the toilet just blew up in my face.
What word would you use, Elaine?
Then you <u>do</u> think I'm insane.
Elaine, I mean the mission has to be aborted.  This ship should never have passed FSA inspection.  This thing is held together by string and chewing gum.
Elaine, we have to go back.
Elaine.
Not now, Elaine!
I've got it, Elaine!  I've figured out what's wrong with the shuttle!
Let me by, Elaine.
I have to get in there.  I have to stop this flight.
That's the way I want it.  Just turn the radio on and go.
No goodbyes, Elaine.  Just go.
His name's David Stockman.  He's been here twenty years, that's all he says.
Elaine, when are you going to realize Simon Kurtz put me in here to get me out of the way.
Sammy Davis Junior.  Terrible car accident.  He hasn't been the same since.
Elaine, what happened to us?
Elaine.
You're as bad as the rest of them, Elaine!  It's all here in the design specifications!  Look!  It's all here!
There's nothing wrong with me!
Ask Simon.
I mean the Mercury flight.  It's not safe and, Kurtz, you know why.
It's got to be stopped!
That's not important now, Elaine.  We have to talk.
Elaine.
I'm sure.
That's right, Joe.  Now, no one's going to hurt you and no one has to know what's wrong with you.
Joe, the insurance policy won't help your wife and kids.  You bought auto insurance, not life insurance.
Joe, you don't want to blow that thing and kill all these innocent people.
Anything.  Just don't let Salucci think we're onto him.
No, a bomb.  Now, as discreetly as possible, I want you to move the passengers into the lounge.
He's carrying a bomb.
Which passenger is Joe Salucci?
Don't try to stop me!
All right, it's a matter of death.
No, dammit.  It's a matter of life or death.
I have to see Bud Kruger.
Pull yourself together!  We've got to...
Then Elaine was right.
Kurtz, you're drunk.  Who's in command of this ship?
I know you've been subtly spreading the word that I'm having a breakdown.
Look at this wiring.  It's shorting out under high temperatures.
Are you on the Mercury mission?
Well, we laughed.  We laughed all the time.
I just wish it was that simple.  We really were in love.  You know how it is when you laugh all the time.
Sure.  But that's only when the love itself goes unchanged.
People change in relation to each other. Love changes on its own.
We were in love but I'm not sure I know what love is anymore.
I opened this panel and a vacuum cleaner hit me.
I'm getting over it.  If a relationship isn't working, you can't force it.
I'm familiar with your work, Doctor. You'll have to excuse me, I have to go.
Not Dr. Barrington, the world renowned agronomist?
Uh... oh, thank you.  It's nothing.
