The Canadians are just mad that we mothers here in South Park have the chutzpah to stand up to them!  Like it or not, Mr. Canadian Minister, OUR children are now safe from your Canadian smut!
BECAUSE IT'S EVIL!!
YOU JUST DON'T CARE!
Oh but OF COURSE children are going to see it!!
Kyle?!
I know what it is!
What was that word, young man!?
This is it! The time for action is NOW!!  <b>Something must be done! This is like a spreading rash! They're pulling out our children's brains and filling them with trash! Can't you see what this is leading to? A world of smut and sex and poo! I believe the good fight has begun! Something must be done!</b>
Young man, you will tell Peincipal Victoria THIS INSTANT where you heard all these horrible phrases!
KYLE BROVLOFSKI, YOU WATCH YOUR LANGUAGE!!
Boobie... This is the only way you're ever going to learn. I have an opportunity here to teach you about consequences.
No... The General is right.
You boys need help.  There are rehab centers that specialize in treating people with chronic addictions to bad language.
Boys, we have to have a difficult discussion.
Terrance and Phillip, you are under arrest for working in America without the proper documents! WE GOT YOU!
Do as I say, Kyle!
Kyle, you take your little brother out to play with you!
Shiteater-
WHERE ARE YOU GOING?! We need to stop the not pretty things from letting our children be born in hospitals!
Wake up, people!  We all have to do things that aren't pretty sometimes! It's the not pretty things that make life worth fighting the not pretty things for! Why do you think children have to be born in hospitals?
YES! AND I WILL NOT ALLOW MY CHILDREN TO BE RUINED BY SMUT!!  I am sorry young man, but I have had it up to here! STRAP THEM IN!
I knew this would happen! Those bastard Canadians have now killed a child! Can't people see the damage that film is doing?!
What is 'fisting'?
I'm needing lunch.
And Bill?
Well find out where that signal is coming from!  Then hunt them down like dogs! Any and all Canadian influence must be stopped at all cost!
Not necessary?!  Mr. President, may I remind you that our country's heart and soul are at stake, and our children's minds are the battlefield! The bastard Canadians want to fight us because we won't tolerate their potty mouths. Well, if it is war they want... THEN WAR THEY SHALL HAVE!!!
We have to have air strikes on their military and entertainment centers.  It's the only way to ensure that their smut can't reach American soil!
What about air strikes?
My fellow Americans. I have led this fight in the War against profanity. I have founded Mothers Against Canada.  Our neighbor to the north has abused us for the last time.
Oh God... What have I done...
And I thought my mother was the master of guilt.  Geez Louise.
Oh.
Oh no you don't! This is MY fight!! I don't need your help, Alan Dershwitz!
What the hell is going on?!
You are officially relieved of your duties as principal of this school!
Yes Principal Victoria.  The PTA is impeaching you.
Forgive me for saying so, Principal Victoria, but your methods are too... Shall we say... soft?  As head of the PTA, I am exercising my right under article 42 of the PTA code.
We must take action on this immediately.
Terrance and Phillip are two VERY untalented, unfunny actors from Canada. Their TV show is filled with toilet humor and bad language and is just complete garbage.  Now it appears they have a movie and I'm positive it's not suitable for children!
Terrance and Phillip MOVIE?! Oy gevalt! Not again!
The F word?!
What did my son say, Principal Victoria? Did he say the S word?
I don't care if it's dangerous! Desperate times call for desperate measures, Mr. Mackey. Perhaps I need to remind you of your situation.
Then we'll have to resort to plan B and call the v-chip organization.
What do you mean MOST, why not ALL?
How is the children's progress?
This is NOT a place for fun and games! This is rehabilitation! Now GET TO IT!! We at MAC have a trial to go to!
