I wouldn't bullshit you kid! Snacky Smores are now available in stores everywhere! No biggie!
Oh, you want out of hell, huh?
A deal? You wanna make a deal with the devil. Well sure, deals are mounds o' fun.
What? What do you mean you don't belong here? Relax guy, hell is for children.
Hey, relax Satan. Don't get all worked up. You're gonna give yourself an ulcer again.
Now do what I say and keep your fucking mouth shut!
Listen guy, you're embarassing me in front of my friends!  You know how I get mad when I get embarassed.
Can we talk about this later?  Everyone is watching!
Come on guy, you know I only rib you because I love you so much!
Relax bitch!  You're better seen, not hear okay?
Who gives a fuck?! I was just fucking with him!
Hey, I'm missing the party!
Where're you gonna go, bitch? Besides, you know that if you left me, I'd hunt you down and kill you, right? I'm gonna go grab a drink.
<b>Hey, guy, relax, put out! You gotta relax, shut your mouth- Baby I'd do anything for ya! Now don't make me smack you in the eye like last time-</b>
I DO respect your mind! It turns me on! It makes me wanna fuck the shit out of you! Don't you see?
Hey, relax guy!
I mean cute dumb. Now bend over!
That's because I wanted to fuck you, dumbass! Now hows aboot you get those pants down!
Hey fella!  Relax!  This whole armageddon thing has got you all stressed out. Let's make love.
What did you do today Satan?
So what do you say we shut off that light and get close, huh?
You know I do.
Listen buttercup, let's make love and forget about the whole thing.
Yeah!  YEAH!!!  Man I'm getting so HOT!!!
Oh I love when you get all biblical Satan.  You know exactly how to turn my crank!
You just get cranky when you're tired, that's all.  I told you that you shouldn't have tried to carry that futon all by yourself.
Who's my cream puff?
Hey, come here, guy.
Hey, relax guy. It's just a cruel joke. Rich, chocolatey Snacky Smores are only available up on Earth. He'll never get 'em, see?
Okay, kid, I have a deal for you! If you want out of hell, all you have to do is collect 10 proofs of purchases from 'Snacky Smores.'  They're rich, chocolatey and really hit the spot. Bring me ten proofs of purchases and we'll grant you ANY WISH YOU WANT.
Hey relax, guy. Let's see what the kid wants.
Oh, a new recruit, huh? Welcome to hell, kid! Relax! Take a load off!!
