Cos she loves <u>you</u>.  She wanted you to have a daddy to love.  Even if he didn't...completely...deserve it.
...your hating me.
You know, this horse smells really bad.
You do NOT run out on your moth...
Put down that <u>goddamn</u> camera!
Annabelle put down that camera.
There you are!
That's my girl...
Now Ladies, the secrets to a great pie is the crust.  And the secret to a great flaky pie crust comes from less flour and more...what?
A lot smaller.
What happens next?
We're going to win this.
Yet another spaghetti night.
You want us to take him tonight? Give you some private time with Annab....
It's good.  You're not pulling a mid-life crisis on us, are you?
She's a charmer, you'll see.  In fifty years, the kids'll love her ten percent as much as they love you.
Remember when Mommy and Daddy got divorced?
You're still going to have to be dealing with me -- with us.  We should tell them together.
WE'RE still their parents for the next hundred years.
We...
It's a huge moment in their life --
It's going to be hard for the kids when I tell them...I'd like you to be there.
I grew up, a little.  I'm ready for a life that's built around commitm...
I didn't think a phone call was appropriate...
Getting so beautiful...she looks more like you every day.  Jackie...I've really given this a lot of thought.  A great deal of thought...
Still, please.
I'm afraid she's going to walk.
You know the kids aren't really in danger.  This is about Rachel, and you're right, I'm disappointed in her learning curve, and...
Partly.  But partly, you're mad.
Don't do this.
Jackie stop.  We promised we never go there.
Jackie, you've made mistakes -- We all make mistakes --
But he hasn't.  He wandered off.  I know it's terrifying.  I can imagine how you felt when that call came -- But it happens.
Our children.
Jackie, <u>we</u> were taking them water- skiing for the <u>whole</u> weekend!
You're WHERE?
Good...Well...Take care.
Fine.  But I wanted to take the kids to work with me on Wednesday so I'll take Wednesday, and you can pick up that Thursday, Friday after soccer, and Saturday before riding.
Me too.
You ask me that counselor's making a mountain out of a molehill...
I'll call from work.  We can have a conference call.
Thank you Mrs. Franklin.  Jackie?  This has been very valuable for us.  And I'll have a serious talk with Annabelle tonight.
Jackie, she was five minutes late --
Napalm.
Jackie, they come to be part of my life.  Rachel <u>is</u> part of that life.
Well, we're not discussing Rachel's age either.
Rachel's not half my age.
I've been with someone for quite some time, and didn't feel it was appropriate for her to move in too quickly.  But after a lot of thought and careful discussion with her -- and the kids I might add -- she moved in last month.
You think I didn't get that?
I'm here.  I've got a case where they're this close to sequestering the jury but have I answered the goddamn thing?!
I'm here.
Planning on getting --
Where you goin'?
We make our lives, one step at a time.  We do the best we can.  The truth about the future?  A promise. Is only a hope.
That's not us.
That's a pretty ugly thing you just said.
'...I don't know if I can make it.' That's what I said.  But I didn't leave.
Restless.
I told her I loved her.
Can we go sit somewhere?
She called it a fight.  <u>The</u> fight.
'...the kids have camp.  Their friends are here.  Over there, I'll just be shopping in a language I don't even know.  My life, and the kids' lives, aren't here to service your mid-life crisis.'  Did it go like that?
I needed some time away.
Why in the world would she t...
Well, they will be.
What a great surpri...
I made that paella you liked. It's on the stove.
She's not gonna die.
They're my kids.
It's Anna Sui, you should be doing it.
Well, I think you should tell him you changed your mi...
Rache, it may take time.
Because I can't hurt anyone like this ever again.
It's forever you know.
I think so...What do you think?
Rache, get out of th...
And it's <u>my</u> call.  I promised them water-skiing, instead o...
We have the kids.  Next weekend.
Not yet.
Get ready.  To get <u>really</u> mad.
No you don't.  And I'm not gonna screw with my kids heads right now --
It's complicated for Jackie.  It's complicated for me...You don't have kids -- you don't understand --
Nobody's telling them to hate you --
They don't hate you --
But you're not good at this.  Not yet. I'm sorry.
I trust you of course I do but --
You don't need to.  I don't expect you to handle them yourself.
Just a babysitter -- I mean...you're working...
Anyway, I thought...while I'm gone...maybe I'll hire in some help.
We have the kids this weekend, so...
I just found out I have to go to Boston to get a deposition.  I might not be back until Saturday.
Yeh, it's cheaper.
I didn't want to spoil our supper...
We have to talk.
It was a veal stock, I thi...
