He can if He wants to. He can do anything, just like Inspector Gadget on TV. But I have to keep things ready for him, that's what I think. I've got his picture and I'm going to sit in his chair--
Is that right, dad?
Yes--
What if you can't read what's written on there anymore?
Well...I guess not.
Bite?
But where are we going, Mr. Crandall?
I'm Ellen Creed and I live at 642 Alden Lane, Dearborn, Michigan.  At least, I used to.
Please hurry.
Will you at least call and make sure daddy's okay?
He's a ghost. But he's a good ghost.
Paxcow says Daddy's going to do something really bad. He--
Paxcow says it's almost too late! We have to go back! Paxcow says it's almost too late!
Paxcow says it's almost too late!
I want to fly it! Can I fly it now, mommy!
But what if he dies and has to go to the Pet Sematary?
Yaay!
Am I really gonna have my own room?
Do you swear?
Come with us, daddy. Please come with us!
And I'm going to eat his breakfast cereal, too, even though it tastes like boogers. And...and...
Then why do I have to go to bed?
I'm not tired!
Yeah, sure.
I don't get it.
You believe in it.
Do you believe that?
Sure, carnation. Like in that movie you rented, Audrey Rose.
I won't...is Missy in heaven, do you think?
At school Michael McDowell said she was gonna fry in hell. Michael McDowell says all sewersides fry in hell.
Daddy, do you think Missy Dandridge went to heaven?
Missy made the best chocolate chip cookies in the world--even Mom said so. Now there won't be any more because she's gonna be dead forever!
No more chocolate chip cookies.
She's in bed. She was throwing up. Ever since Mrs. Rogers called and said Missy--
I hate that smell.
Because you promised.
Is he really all right?
Cause I had a bad dream about him. I dreamed he got hit by a car and you and Mr. Crandall buried him in the Pet Sematary.
Fine...except when Mom was airing Gage's diaper rash, he walked away and got into Grampa's study and pooped in Grampa's favorite chair.
Missy Dandridge. And she says it's a operation!
It doesn't seem long to me. It seems short. I think the whole thing about pets dying s-s-sucks!
In the end he's gonna croak, isn't he?
That's what I think. I heard Missy Dandridge tell Mom when Church was fixed he wouldn't cross the road so much.
To remember.
I want to look around, daddy-- may I?
Well, I thought it was safe--
Yayyy!
Hurrts! It hurrrrts!
Yaay!
