I swear.
I'll be there in three days--four at the most. I've got to get the electricity shut off and square things with your school so the truant officer ain't after you, and--
Be good to your mother, darlin'. She needs you.
Ellie--
Because your mother and I need the rest, sugar. Now buzz.
I'm sure you're not.
Then you have faith in that. But we don't know it will be; after all, some crazed chair-burglar might break in while we're away and steal it, right?
Well, here we are, sitting in my chair. Do you think my chair will be here tomorrow?
Oh, faith's a little more than just believing.
I think we go on. I'm not sure what happens after we die, but yeah-- I have faith in that.
Well, it's actually reincarnation, but you get the idea. And some people think we just wink out...like a candle flame when the wind blows hard.
I don't know, honey. Different people believe all sorts of different things happen to us when we die. Some believe in heaven or hell. Some think we're born again as little children--
But don't you dare say that.
Well, I think Michael McDowell is so full of shit he probably squeaks when he walks, my dear.
What's up, sugar?
Huh?
Ellie? What's wrong?
That's enough, Ellen.
I've noticed it, too. I'll cough up the money, Ellen.
I know.
Yes.
Yes...I guess so. He was sleeping on the front porch when I left.
Yeah, I know...how are things out there in Chicagoland?
Good God! Where'd you hear that?
Lovey...Church might be still alive when you're in a high school...and that's a very long time.
Well, it's always better to take precautions--but I'm sure Church will be all right, honey...
And that someone cared enough about that animal to mark the spot.
For a little while.
Have you got a death-wish, Ellen?
No-I guess not.
Anyone who can scream that loud isn't ready for intensive care just yet-- looks like she just skinned her knee.
Yes.
I'll bite--what's the bottom of the truth, Jud?
Because something called a wendigo soured the ground.
Shit! Look at this mess!
I'm thinking about going to bed.
Jud, I buried my son today and I'm very tired. I wonder if we could just--
No...squatting out there at the Holiday Inn like a couple of vultures. He really thinks Rachel's going to go back with them. Her and Ellie.
It's Ellie's cat.
My father used to have a saying, Jud-- "God sees the truth, but waits."
This babe has said enough.
Well...a touch of the flu...
What?
A little upset is all she was? Because I'll tell you, Jud, my brains feel a little like a nuclear reactor on the edge of a meltdown.
Yes.
You and this old Indian rag-man--
Wendigo?
Can I have another one?
No. I'm a doctor. I know death when I see it, and Church was dead. He smells horrible and he uses his claws, but he's alive...and I feel like I'm going crazy. It was that place, wasn't it?
I tried to tell myself I buried him alive. You know--Edgar Allan Poe meets Felix the Cat. But...
What did we do, Jud?
But--
Jud, why am I doing all this?
Doesn't look like they last long.
What are those for?
No, I'm okay. Will I really be able to dig him a grave? The soil looks thin.
I guess so...but...
Why? For God's sake, why?
Whose burying ground?
You keep saying that.
It's funny, all right.
You're telling me.
Is there quicksand?
Yes.  Where are we going, Jud?
I'm not climbing that.
We can't climb over that. We'll break our necks!
What do you mean?
Nothing.  Do we plant him on the outer circle or start a new one?
Yes, but--
But--
Jud, this is crazy. It's going to be almost dark before we get back.
Maybe when they call I'll just tell Ellie I haven't seen the damn cat around. You know?
I don't know.
Bagged cat. What a mess.
Yes.
Ellie will, though. She'll suffer plenty.
It's Church.
Church? Oh. Oh, Jesus.
For Ellie's birthday, yes. I didn't go because her old man thinks I'm a shit and the feeling is heartily re- ciprocated...they'll be back tomorrow night. Jud, what's this about?
My wife is not crazy about cemeteries of any kind. As you may have noticed.
I think it is so, Ellie.
I can hardly read these.
Not yet...how much further is it?
Who owns the woods up ahead? Paper companies?
Sure.
What's at the end of it?
The one that goes into the woods--sure.
Nice.
What?
What were you listening to?
God, that's fine.
Not at all.
Well, maybe I----
Hey--they actually found the place!
Don't talk like an asshole even if you are just a bit of underdone potato or a blot of mustard.
I'll tell you where the ground is sour--the ground in my heart is sour. Let me tell you something else, Vic-baby: Wrong is wrong.
You don't understand--
Leave me alone!
Please, I want to wake up. Leave me alone. It's not my fault you died; you were as good as dead when they brought you in--
I want to wake up. I want to wake up, that's all. I--
I'm sure.
I told you last night--this can be the start of patching things up with your folks. If something good doesn't come of Gage's death, I think I'll go crazy.
You better get going, hon.
You're doing fine.
Yes, I guess I do.
That's forgotten.
I thought maybe you did. I know you don't approve of the subject being raised--
Good d--
Getting there.
Oh, you're welcome. Only if some- thing should go wrong while he's under the gas--it's a one-in-a-thousand shot, but it happens--you explain to her.
Well, honey...you know that...
And Church will be fine.
I just said--
According to what Mr. Crandall says, the road's a lot more dangerous than the operation. Church will be just the same. Well--almost the same--and we won't have to worry about him getting turned into catburgers by one of those damn Orinco trucks.
Jesus, Rachel, what's got into you?
She was a little over-excited, that's all. Poor kid.
I think it's rather extraordinary.
My God!
Did you see his shirt?
Well, I've got a million questions about the area, and---
I don't have the slightest idea. When I saw the house, this field was under four feet of snow.
The movers--
Yes--thanks. I'm Louis Creed.
Jesus, the road!
And Buckaroo Banzai.
Let her go. It's cool.
