Tell us.
You reached down into death.  Now, isn't that right?
...to save her and to save the baby.  Is that...
...A patient riddled with complications, questionable information on her, on her admitting form...
...You brought thirty years of medical experience to bear.  Isn't that what you did?
And what did your team do...
...and her heart stopped and she wasn't getting oxygen.
She THREW UP IN HER MASK.  Let's cut the bullshit.  Say it:  She THREW UP IN HER MASK.
Tell me one?
Why wasn't she getting oxygen...?
`Code Blue,' what does that mean...?
What did these people do when her heart stopped?
Dr. Towler, who was in the operating room with you?
Anything special about the case?
You were there to help Dr. Marx deliver her baby.  Were you not?
Answer affirmatively.  Simply. Keep those answers to three words. You weren't `part of a group,' you were her anesthesiologist.  Isn't that right?
You were the anesthesiologist at her delivery May twelfth, nineteen seventy...
Say it.
Whatever the `truth' is, let's hear that.  You were her doctor.
Don't equivocate.  Be positive. Just tell the truth.
And you would come here, and on a slip of memory four years ago, you'd ruin their lives.
Your Honor...!  Your Honor...
We've touched on this, his own witness has said...
Objection, we've...
Ed Concannon.
Objection.
Do you, indeed.  I'll bet you do. Fine.  Fine.  We'll save the court the time.  We will admit the Doctor as an `expert witness,' fine.
Yes, we've heard that.  Doctor: you testify quite a bit against other physicians?  Isn't that right? You, you're available for that? When you're paid to be there?
Uh-huh.  Still practice a lot of medicine?
How old are you?
...of Anesthesiology?
What book is that?
How is that?
Do you know Dr. Robert Towler...?
Orthopedics?
Neurology?
...I'm sure it is, but this is Massachusetts, Doctor.  Certified in Internal Medicine?
Are you board-certified in anesthesiology, Doctor?
Engaged to render an opinion.  For a price.  Is that correct?  You're being paid to be here today?
Dr. Thompson, just so the Jury knows, you never treated Deborah Ann Kaye.  Is that correct?
Thank you, your Honor.  Further: Ms. Costello is a rebuttal witness. As a `Surprise Witness' she may only serve to rebut direct testimony.  As her only evidentiary rebuttal was the admitting form, which has been disallowed I request that her entire testimony be disallowed and the jury advised that they must totally disregard her appearance here.
Thank you, your Honor.  We object to the copy of the admissions form as incompetemt and essentially hearsay evidence and cite McGee versus State of Indiana, U.S. 131 point 2 and 216 through 25 of the Uniform Code:  'The admission of a duplicate document in preference to an existing original must presuppose the possibility of alteration and so must be disallowed.'  And, your Honor, having given the Plaintiff the leeway we would like your ruling on this issue now:  we object to the admission of the Xerox form.
No further questions.
Objection!  This is ri...expect us to accept a photocopy, we have the original right...
Nothing further, your Honor.
My doctors didn't want a settlement at any price.  They wanted this cleared up in court.  They want their vindication.  I agree with them.  But for today the offer stands.  Before we begin the publicity of a trial.  For today only.    When I  walk out that door the offer is withdrawn.  As long as you understand that.  It's got to be that way.
Your Honor, Bishop Brophy and the Archdiocese have offered plaintiff two hundred and ten thousand dollars.
And why, please tell us, would you think that?
...what in the world would induce you to make a photocopy of some obscure record and hold it fouryears?  This is a...why?  Why would you do that?
You didn't write that figure.  And how is it that you remember that so clearly after four years?
You've just said you signed it.
You swore on this form that the patient ate nine hours ago.
`They lied.'  Indeed!  When did they lie?  And do you know what a lie is?
You know these doctors could have settled out of court.  They wanted a trial.  They wanted to clear their names.
Then, please, which is correct? You've sworn today the patient ate one hour ago.  Four years ago you swore she ate nine hours ago? Which is the lie.  When were you lying?
And wasn't that an oath...?  These are your initials here:  K.C. When you signed this chart you took an oath.  No less important than that which you took today.   Isn't that right?   Isn't that right...?
Now.  I'd like to ask you something: four years ago, when you were working as a nurse, are you aware that Drs. Towler and Marx based their treatment of Deborah Ann Kaye on this chart that you signed . . . ?
...sworn before God you would tell the truth?
Just now...
In fact, you've just taken an oath that you would not commit perjury. You've just sworn to that.  Isn't that right?
You would not...?
Yes.    It is a crime.  A serious crime.
You are aware of the penalties for perjury...?
