I'm going to uphold that.
The document is disallowed, the jury will be advised not to consider the testimony of Kathy Costello regarding the Xerox form.    It's unsubstantiated and we  can't accept a copy in preference to the original...
...one moment, Mr. Concannon...
You may step down.
I'll rule on that presently.   Proceed.
Mr. Galvin, rebuttal?
Mr. Concannon...?
Huh!
The Doctors were not negligent.
Then you're saying there's no negligence, based on my question?
Are you saying that a failure to restore the heartbeat within nine minutes in itself constitutes bad medical practice?
Noted.  Thank you.   Miss Costello was a rebuttal witness.  Her sole rebuttal was the document,  which has been disallowed...
Overruled...
Mr. Concannon...?
You aren't going to get a mistrial, boy.  We're going back this afternoon, we're going to try this case to an end.  Now you get out of here before I call the Bailiff and have you thrown in jail.
Are you done?
Galvin, look, many years ago...
Listen to me, fella...
I got a letter from the Judge Advocate's office on you today, fella, you're on your way out...They should have kicked you out on that Lillibridge case.  Now this is it today.
I'd just like to get to the point, Mr. Galvin.  Let's not waste these people's time.  Answer the question, Mr. Witness.  Please.  Would a nine-minute lapse in restoring the heartbeat in and of itself be negligence?
Yes, Mr. Galvin?
I believe that's the law...is it not, Mr. Galvin...?
Sustained.  Yes.  The witness will confine his testimony to review of the hospital records.
Do we have time this morning to... All right.  Mr. Galvin, you want to continue now, or we can resume with Dr. Thompson this afternoon.
Defense...?
Is the Plaintiff ready?
I don't have a week.  This case never should have come to trial. You know better.  You're Mr. Independent.  You want to be independent?  Be independent now. I've got no sympathy for you.
That happens.
You should have taken their offer. Especially if you were unprepared.
That's perfectly all right.
What is it?
And it seems to me, a fella's trying to come back, he'd take this settlement, and get a record for himself.    I myself would take it and run like a thief.
...that's true.  Sometimes they change, sometimes they don't. Now, I remember back to when you were disbarred...
That's it...?    Come on, guys...life is too short...  You tell me if you're playing 'chicken,' or you mean it.    Frank:  I don't think I'm talking out of school, but I just heard someone offer you two hundred grand...and that's a lot of money...and if I may say, you haven't got the best of records.
I know full well she can't, Frank. You see the Padre on your way out and he'll punch your ticket.  You follow me?  I'm trying to help you.
I'm sure it is, Frank:  and let me tell you something.  If we find it so complex, how in the hell you think you're going to make a jury understand it?   See my point?  Let's talk a minute. Frank: what will you and your client take right now this very minute to walk out of here and let this damn thing drop?
Now, have you boys tried to resolve your little difficulty because that certainly would save the Commonwealth a lot of time and bother.
Why is that?
