I must have missed 60 Minutes.  What are you saying?
You're amazing.  You figured this all out already?
You're very perceptive.
What does he want?
I read about them in Time magazine.  When these Revolutionary Brothers and Sisters are Free, the hostages in this building will be taken to the roof and they will accompany us in helicopters to the Los Angeles International Airport where you will be given further instructions.  You have two hours to comply.
If you'd listened to me he would be neutralized already!
He had the detonators!  Theo?  Theo!
Karl, I know you want him, but the police are probably on their way. Maybe we can convince them it was all a mistake, but not if they hear gunshots! If you lock him in he'll be neutralized -- now do it!  Karl?  Karl!
No.  Heinrich's team must finish planting the detonators...and Theo needs time on the vault.  After the			* police come they'll waste hours trying to negotiate...that's when we search			* for this man.  Until then...we do not alter the plan.
I know what you are feeling.  But this is not productive --
See to Heinrich...  Now...you can break the code key...?
Okay.
The code key, please...?
Who said we were terrorists?
Yes...I know about them.  The code key is a necessary step in accessing the vault.
It's beautiful.  I always enjoyed models as a boy.  The exactness, the attention to every foreseeable detail... perfection.
'Yippe-ki-yea, mother fucker'?  Now you are fucked.
No more jokes, drop it or she gets it between the eyes!
Nein, dies ein ist mein.  This time John Wayne does not walk off into the sunset with Grace Kelly.
I'm going to count to three...
Put it down now.
One weekend I went to a combat ranch...  You know, that game with the, the guns that shoot red paint?  Must sound pretty silly to you...
William Clay.  Call me Bill.
New York...
You...you don't work for Nakatomi... and if you're not one of them...
You...you're an American?
--ohGodplease -- don't kill me -- don't kill me -- you're one of them, I know it --
Hear that?  Talk to me, where are my detonators.  Where are they or shall I shoot another one?  Sooner or later...  ...I might get to someone you do care about.
Do you really think you have a chance against us, Mr. Cowboy?
I'm afraid not.  But you have me at a loss -- you know my name, but who are you?  Just another American who saw too many movies as a child.  Another orphan of a bankrupt culture who thinks he's John Wayne...Rambo... Marshal Dillion.
Mr. Mystery Guest.  Are you still there?
Who are you, then?
Encourage them to be bolder.
...the circuits that cannot be cut... are cut automatically in reponse to a terrorist incident...You ask for miracles, Theo...I give you the FBI...
* Well have a look at what our friends outside are doing and I'll be right up.
Then don't waste time talking to me.
We may have some problems.  How is your schedule?
If out plan works...the FBI will get rid of it for us.
How long?
Then there's no reason not to tell it to us.
I'm an exceptional thief, Mrs. McClane. And now that I'm moving up to kidnapping, you should be more polite.
Mr. Takagi chose his people well, Mrs...?
Yes, you're right.  It will be done.
No.  But I'll have a sofa brought out to you.  Good enough?
Go on.
Oh?  What idiot put you in charge?
