You're all right, Argyle.
I'll find someplace.
It's corny, but I could live with it.
How 'bout some Christmas music?
Like I said, Argyle...you're fast.
'Cause I'm a New York cop who used to be a New York kid, and I got six months backlog of New York scumbags I'm still trying to put behind bars. I don't just get up and move.
Closer to Japan.  You're fast.
She had a good job, it turned into a great career.
It's okay, it's okay.
You're nosey, you know that, Argyle?
The past six months.
Married.
That's okay.  This is my first time riding in one.
Argyle.  Don't you take this stuff?
I'm John McClane.
That asshole's not my friend! I barely know him!  I hate his fucking guts --  -- Ellis, for Christ's sake, tell him you don't mean shit to me --
Don't you think I know that!  Put Hans on!  Hans, listen to me, that shithead doesn't know what kind of scum you are, but I do --
Ellis...you shouldn't be doing this...
Ellis, what have you told them?
Whoa, Hans, now you're the cowboy?
That was Gary Cooper, shithead...
Yeah.  Like you did with Takagi.
That was tricky, with the accent. I bet you do a great Ed Sullivan. Why do you need the detonators, Hans? I already used the explosives.
Hans.  Your Hans.
Sounds better than nothing.
Bill, you know how to use a handgun?
Better than being caught with your pants down, right?  John McClane.
They invited me to the Xmas party. Who knew?
I'm a cop from New York.
Only if New Jersey counts.
Whoa, whoa, easy man.  I won't hurt you.  Who are you?  What are you looking for?
Go fuck yourself.
Actually, I was always partial to Roy Rogers.  I really dug those sequined shirts.
I wouldn't think of leaving, Hans. Unless you want to open the front door...?
Just the fly in the ointment, Hans. The monkey in the wrench, the pain in the ass -
Bad for your health anyway.
Holly, we have to stop meeting like this.  So that's what it was.  A fucking robbery.  So why nuke the building, Hans?
Don't I always?
Oh, here it comes.  One of those 'meaningful relationship conversations.' I never should've let you get those magazine subscriptions --
No matter what it did to our marriage -- ?
Sure.  It's unnerving.  I remember this one particular married woman, she went out the door so fast there was practically a jetwash...I mean, talk about your wind chill factor...
Especially my name.  You must miss it every time you write a check.  When did you start calling yourself 'Ms. Gennero'?
They would, huh?
Ramona...no, Pomona, that's it.
Well, Cappy Roberts retired out here a couple years ago.  He said I could bunk with him.
It's a long story.  You know, I think that Ellis has his eye on you.
Nice, but one of us is three hours out of sync.  I think it's me.  Is there a place I can wash up?
Yeah.  I remember our first date.
I'm fine.  You throw quite a party.  I didn't know they had Christmas in Japan.
Relax, Ellis.  I'm off duty.
So I've heard.
Yeah.  How'd you know?
Excuse me, I'm looking for --
I'm serious.  Hey, this is my wife... Holly Gennero.
Al.  Man, you were my rock.  I couldn't have made it without you.
Stand by, Powell.  I gotta check something out.
I hope so.  But that's up to the guy upstairs.  Upstairs...  ...Hans, you bastard...what were you doing?
Look...I'm getting a bad feeling up here...I'd like you to do something for me.  Look up my wife...don't ask how, you'll know by then...and tell her...tell her...I've been a jerk. When things panned out for her, I should've been behind her all the way ...We had something great going until I screwed it up...She was the best thing that ever happened to a bum like me.  She's heard me say I love you a thousand times, but she never got to hear this...honey...I'm sorry.  You get all that?
Powell?  What's going on?
I still feel like shit.
I...I'm sorry.  I didn't mean to make a joke of it.
They way you drive, I can see why.
Yeah?  What's the odds?
Yeah.  But all things being equal, I'd rather be in Philadelphia.  By the way, chalk up two more terrorists.
The way you drove that car, I figured you for the streets.
Speaking of cows, did you ever hear so much bullshit in your life? Two hours?  That doesn't even make any sense --
Al?  Al, you there?
Two.  And I'd sure like to see them swinging on the jungle gym with Al junior.
You sound like a man with a couple of kids.
Yeah, just trying to handle some year old twinkies.  Yucck.  What do they put in these things?
Thanks...partner.
Two?  Are you sure?
The plastique I found.  Is the building on fire?
Al, what's wrong?  Did something --  -- Oh, God.  You're coming in!  That's it, isn't it?  Christ, Powell, I told you what you're dealing with here --
They're all yours, Al.  Good luck.
'Roy'.
I'm ahead of you...partner.
I've seen enough phoney ID's in my time to recognize that the ones they've got cost a fortune.  Add all that up and I don't know what the fuck it means, but these are bad ass preps and they're here to stay.
