Bullshit.
Roy?
I got it.  But you can tell her yourself.  Just watch your ass and you'll make it.
Ask the FBI.  They've got the terrorist playbook and they're running it, step by step.
Then this won't matter.  LAPD's not calling the shots anymore.
Hey, you couldn't know.
Eleven years ago.  Oh, it was dark... he was big for his age...damn ray gun he had looked real enough...yeah, I had all the right excuses...but afterwards... I really couldn't draw my gun again.
I...I shot a kid.
You don't want to know.
They boys'll be glad.  We got a pool going on you.
Roy?  You still with us?
In my youth, partner.  In my youth.
Don't tell me, partner.  I'm just a desk jockey who was on the way home when you rang.
I'm here, cowboy.
It's a date.  You buy the ice cream.
Not yet, the wife in working on our first.  You got any kids back on the ranch?
'Sugar, enriched flour, partially hydrogenated vegetable oil, polysorbate 60 and yellow dye #5.'
Hey, I love you.  So do a lot of the guys.  So hang in there, man.  Hang in there.
No, but it's gonna need one hell of a paint job and a shitload of screen doors.  One spotters say you got two with that blast.
Safe and sound, thanks to you. What the fuck was that?
I said we'll talk later, Roy.  If you're what I think you are you should know when to listen, when to shut up... and when to pray.
I'm here, Roy, but I'm, uh, kind of busy.  Let's talk later, okay?
Got it...'Roy'.  Now listen.  If you think of anything else you think we need to know, don't be shy, okay? In the meantime I want you to find a safe place and hole-up and let us do our job.  Understand?
Uh, what do I call you?
I hear you...  Partner.  And LA's finest are on it, so light 'em if you got 'em.
How do you know?
This is --
He's alone, tired, hunted, and hasn't seen diddly-squat from us and you think he gives a flying fuck about what you're going to do to him? Robinson, wake up and smell the shit you're shoveling!
Christ, can't you read between the lines!  He did everything he could to save him...if he gave himself up they'd both be dead!
Yessir.
What about the body that fell out of the window -- ?
Going in...are you out of your mind? There's 30 hostages in there -- for all we know --
What's going on?
A hunch.  Things he said.  Like, knowing how to recognize a phony ID --
I don't think so, Sir.  In fact... I think he's a cop.  Maybe not LAPD, but definitely a badge.
We don't exactly know, Sir.  He won't give us him name.  He appears to be the man who called in the report...he's killed one of the terrorists for sure and claims he capped two others.
The terrorists?  Don't know, Sir. We haven't heard a peep from them.
I am, Sir...Sergeant Al Powell.
