Excuse me, Doc, I've got a plane to land.
George Zipp said that?
Surely there must be something you can do.
Yes, everything they've got. How are the passengers doing?
Chicago, the passengers are beginning to panic. When do we start down?
Let's see. Those are the flaps, that's the thrust, this must turn on the landing lights.
Well, I flew single-engine fighters in the Air Force, but this plane has four engines. It's an entirely different kind of flying...<u>all</u> <u>together</u>!!!
Surely you can't be serious.
Both pilots!
See them, Elaine?
Tell them the gear is down and we're ready to land.
Yes?
I don't care. I just don't have what it takes. They'd be better off with someone who'd never flown before.
Oil pressure. I forgot to check the oil pressure. When Kramer hears about this, the shit's gonna hit the fan.
Rats! I've lost number three.
It's a damn good thing he doesn't know how much I hate his guts.
Sluggish. Like a wet sponge.
And a little ice.
That's what I've been trying to tell these people.
A lot of people made plans before the war. Like George Zipp.
I think they're getting the hang of it! When we re-enlist I'll teach them baseball!
That's Lieutennt Hurwitz. Severe shell shock. He thinks he's Ethel Merman.
I wish I could say the same for George Zipp.
Is it? Because of my mistake six men didn't return from that raid.
Headquarters!? What is it?
That's the way I've always wanted it to be, Elaine.
Elaine, just hear me out. I know things haven't been right for a long time. But it will be different...like it was in the beginning. Remember?
I love you, Elaine.
My orders came through. My squadron ships out tomorrow. I'll be leading a very important mission.
Elaine, I've got to talk to you.
But if you'll just give me...
You expect me to believe that?
You know I haven't been able to get near an airplane since the war. And even if I could, they wouldn't hire me because of my war record.
Elaine, not yet. I promise you I really can change.
Look, you'll be back in town tomorrow night. We'll have dinner -- talk it over.
Don't you feel anything for me at all any more?
I know things haven't been right for a long time, but it'll be different. If you'll just be patient, I can work things out.
I came home early and found your note. I guess you meant for me to read it later. Elaine, I've got to talk to you.
Elaine!
Thank you, Randy. You better leave sweetheart. You might get hurt in here.
Well, I flew in the war, but that was a long time ago. I wouldn't know anything about it.
The cockpit? What is it?
No. No thank you.
Oh -- I haven't flown for a long time.
Thank you.
