What are you talking about?
You know what I mean -- the envelope with the stamps. I want it.
All right -- where's the letter?
Where are you, ol' buddy?
What makes you think they're even interested? It's only a quarter of a million -- it'll cost more than that to fix up their bookkeeping. As a taxpayer --
Reggie -- listen to me --
I heard you, I heard you.
What a terrible thing to say. How could you even think that?
And that's all the gratitude I get for saving your hide.
Here, give it to me.
There's not a reason on earth why you should.
Reggie -- trust me once more -- please.
Reggie -- listen to me!
Don't be a fool! He's Carson Dyle!
Reggie -- please believe me!
But I didn't kill anybody.
Reggie -- why won't you listen?
Don't be an idiot!
I'm not Dyle -- you know that!
Reggie -- stop!
Look.
It's all right -- I don't think Tex does, either.
Stop grousing. If we find the money I'll buy you an international conference all your own. Now start looking. You take this side and I'll poke around over there.
I know, but this is all we've got left.
Five o'clock -- Thursday -- the Garden -- it's got to be something around here.
It's Thursday today -- and it's almost five -- come on!
There is? Well, I can't say I think very much of a silly law like that. Think, Reggie -- please think -- what was written in Charles' notebook?
Nonsense. We didn't steal it. There's no law against stealing stolen money.
Think, Reggie, you've got to think -- it may be what we're looking for.
With whom? Where?
Can you remember anything at all?
Nothing's wrong. I think I found something. I was snooping around Tex's room and I found this in the waste basket. I've stuck it back together.
Reggie -- I think I've found --  are you on?
Yes, you told me.
Go to bed. You've got to be at work in the morning. There's nothing more we can do tonight.
Heroin -- peppermint-flavored heroin.
It still doesn't make sense, but it isn't worth any quarter of a million either. Have we forgotten anything?
The letter --
Electric razor -- comb -- steamship ticket -- fountain pen -- four passports -- toothbrush -- wallet --  key -- what about that?
I mean, it's there, Reggie. If only we could see it. We're looking at it right now.
Let's look anyway.
I sure am. Get it.
Where's that airlines bag?
I just heard from him -- he's still hungry. That means killing Gideon didn't get it for him -- so he's narrowed it down to us. You've got it.
I think we were wrong about Tex having the money.
Open up.
There's no time -- I'll call you in the morning.
If the police find him first they're not very likely to turn over a quarter of a million dollars to us, are they?
That wraps it up -- Tex has the money. Go back to bed -- I'll let you know when I've found him.
Relax -- you're gaining.
When you come on, you really come on.
No. The doctor said it would be bad for my -- thermostat.
How do you think I got here?
Pretty good, huh? I taught them everything they do.
Why do you think I brought you here?
It's all right -- look.
What's the matter?
It's lovely.
Oh, you should see your face.
Don't you know I'm having a tough time keeping my eyes off of you?
It's a toss-up, I can tell you that.
What would you like me to say -- that a pretty girl with an outrageous manner means more to an old pro like me than a quarter of a million dollars?
That's right.
How was I leading you on?
I think that's what you ordered.
Yes, but --
It's simple. I like what I do -- I enjoy doing it. There aren't many men who love their work as much as I do. Look around some time.
Oh, come on!
