We'd better exchange keys. Here's mine.
What's wrong, Herman -- have you got something to hide?  Then I take it there are no objections.
It's all right with us --
But he'd have to. If he left he'd be admitting his guilt -- and the others would know what happened. Whoever it is has to wait here, pretending to look for the money, waiting for the rest of us to give up and go home. That's when he'll be safe and not a minute before.
Or you --  Or you --
I don't know, Herman -- maybe you do.
And stop threatening that boy. He doesn't have the money. Mrs. Lampert doesn't either.
Back where?
Supposing I did have it -- which I don't -- do you really think I'd hand it over?
Is that why you dragged me all the way up here -- to ask me that? She has it -- you know that.
Very pretty. Now what?
The view had better be worth it.
Do I knock or something?
Sorry about that.
How long do you intend -- ?
What now?
You'll wreck your raincoat.
The man's the same, even if the name isn't.
Sorry, the name's Adam Canfield.
Well, I can't really blame you -- not now.
Well, it isn't exactly the term I'd have chosen, but I suppose it captures the spirit of the thing.
When a man has no profession except the one he loathes, what's left? I began looking for people with more money than they'd ever need -- including some they'd barely miss.
It led me away from umbrella frames, for one thing. But that left me without any honest means of support.
After I graduated college I was all set to go into my father business. Umbrella frames -- that's what he made. It was a sensible business, I suppose, but I didn't have the sense to be interested in anything sensible.
Are you going to listen?
Why don't you shut up!
Okay. Then get set for the story of my life -- not that it would ever make the best-seller list.
I can explain if you'll just listen. Will you listen?
I don't understand you at all -- one minute you're chasing me around the shower room and the next you're accusing me of murder.
What do I have to do to satisfy you -- become the next victim?
Are you trying to say that I might have killed Charles and Scobie?
No -- not yet.
Nothing's going to happen to you while I'm around -- I want you to believe that.
Reggie -- you haven't spoken a word in twenty minutes.
Every day. The manufacturer recommends it.
The suit needs it more than I do, anyway.
I don't think I know that one.
I usually sing a medley of old favorites when I bathe -- any requests?
Have you ever heard of anyone taking a shower with his shoes on?  What a nut.
Then I suggest you call one of them.
Reggie -- open the door.
Did you ever hear the story of the boy who cried wolf?
Let me know what you want -- I'll pick a suit that matches.
What? Assassinate somebody?
Yes, I know.
Maybe somebody felt that four shares were too many --
Don't worry, I'm not going to hit you.
Hm?
No sense messing up the streets.
I'd love some, thanks.
What -- like Scobie?
Who?
A) It's always the person you don't suspect; B) that means you think it's Tex because you really suspect Gideon; therefore C) if you think it's Tex, it has to be someone else -- Gideon.
Do women think it's feminine to be so illogical -- or can't they help it?
Why?
Maybe.
Maybe.
Reggie -- ? Did you find it?
He's all yours. I'll do Tex and Gideon. Take Jean-Louis with you -- and make sure you bolt the door from inside.
Come on -- let's get busy. Who gets your vote?
Hello, Herman, it was a happy landing, I see.
I don't know -- it depends on whether or not they've already eaten.
Tuesday.
That sounds like their problem.
The phone's ringing --
Now please, Reggie -- cut it out.
But I'm not through complaining yet.
Who told you to do that?
What are you doing?
Now please, Reggie -- cut it out.
Serious. When a man gets to be my age that's the last word he ever wants to hear. I don't want to be serious -- and I especially don't want you to be.
There, you said it.
Well, there's your trouble right there -- you're too old for me.
So was Juliet -- at fifteen.
Reggie -- listen to me --
Whitefoot, of course.
Why not a lying Blackfoot?
Because he's wearing moccasins.
There's an old riddle about two tribes of Indians -- the Whitefeet always tell the truth and the Blackfeet always lie. So one day you meet an Indian, you ask him if he's a truthful Whitefoot or a lying Blackfoot? He tells you he's a truthful Whitefoot, but which one is he?
You can't.
I'm sorry I couldn't tell you the truth, but I had to find out your part in all this.
I'm no easier to live with than he was.
Yes, but we're divorced.
Alexander.
Okay, I'll drive you around there some day.  Ouch!
Would you like to see where I was tattooed?
Would you like to see my passport?
Haven't you got a bullet I can bite?
Listen -- all I really want is an estimate.
I left him hanging around the American Express.
I met a man with sharp nails.
The army thinks he was killed in action by the Germans, but I think they did it -- Tex, Gideon and Scobie -- and your husband -- because he wouldn't go along with their scheme to steal the gold. I think he threatened to turn them in and they killed him. I'm trying to prove it. They think I'm working with them. But I'm not, and that's the truth. I'm on your side, Reggie -- please believe that.
Yes, he is. He was my brother.
But you know my name -- it's Dyle.
I had to -- for all I knew you could have been in on the whole thing.
No cat and mouse -- you've got me. What do you want to know?
Reggie?
