You keep hittin' him like that, he ain't gonna look like he broke in anymore, he gonna look like someone beat him up and then shot him.
Hey, he should have a weapon, a knife or something.
Don't fade on me now, Bear. Not unless you wanna hold Farrah on your lap in a room fulla felons.
Calm down, Bear...
The money. Fuck. I gotta think...
Plan B. Here ya go, honey...
You get the money?
Just do what I told you and meet me back here at midnight.
I was thinking tonight you could go have a look around Palmer's hotel room while I go check out Karen Flores' place. See if he hasn't stashed it somewhere.
Remember Harry's story about the dry cleaner Palmer was after? Guy who stole the three hundred grand from the airline?
I heard in the Federal joints they let you spend an extra five minutes at the glass with your Daddy on Father's Day.
He's gonna plea-deal his way out. Give up this ace stunt man now one of the West Coast dope kings, if they go easy on the Cat.
Bear. The Colombians are in L.A. Seems they all upset about their money. That ain't enough, as a bonus, it turns out the yoyo was Escobar's nephew.
Whoa... This is the man used to jump offa high buildings?
Who?
Listen, tonight, later on, I got one for you doesn't involve any heavy work. I want you to go have a look around Chili Palmer's hotel room.
Yeah, I'm really gonna miss him.
I seen it, but I don't believe it. Says Harry shot Ronnie five times. Four to the chest and one through his foot.
You guess? You mean you don't know?
So where's the money?
Doesn't matter what it's called, Harry's got Martin Weir and it's gonna be big.
And I mean high up in it.  That's why Harry's gonna make Mr. Lovejoy with me, not Chili Palmer.
Yeah, well, I'm bored, Bear. I wanna make movies.
You see that? The way the man just went right over?
Shit, now someone's gotta climb down there and get him.
You know, you speak very good English, Mr. Escobar.
He's around someplace.
Maybe your nephew panicked, took off.
Because there were a zillion DEA guys hanging around the terminal.
I gave him a key to a locker that had the money in it.
Well, I don't know. I gave the man his money, sent him on his way.
Sure. Family. I know how that goes.
Your who?
Man, I can't wait for you to be dead.
Only this time, no John Wayne and Dean Martin shooting the bad guys in El Dorado.
You broke in my house and I have a witness to it.
She's great. Gimme the money.
In the can. That the money?
I'm at 8150 Wonderland Avenue. It's right off Laurel.
You know Laurel Canyon?
Okay. Fine. The meantime, I'll just hang on to her for safe keeping.
That's a nice scream, lady. You oughta be in movies.
She can't talk right now.
Three.
In just a second. Two...
How 'bout I give you to three, then I organize your fuckin' brains all over the wall back there. One...
Tell you what...
The three hundred grand you got from a little dry cleaner named Leo.
I need the money.
I really think I can be of service on this one.
That's all.
There's nothin' to know. You have an idea, you write down what you wanna say. Then you get somebody to add in the commas and shit where they belong, if you aren't positive yourself. Maybe fix up the spelling where you have some tricky words... although I've seen scripts where I know words weren't spelled right and there was hardly any commas in it at all. So I don't think it's too important. Anyway, you come to the last page you write in 'Fade out' and that's the end, you're done.
Who?
Young? She's fuckin' nine-years-old, same age as Lovejoy's kid. Bernie. One she calls Bernard. Have you read the script?
With Ilona? You know how old Ilona is?
What about her?
I'm with you on that. And don't you think it needs a good female part? Increase the romance angle.
So what? Where's it say in this script he's white? Color is what the part needs, man, somebody to do it has some style. The way it is now, Ronnie could do it, play himself, some cracked out asshole.  So whatta you think of the script?
I missed that one. Or, hey, you know who else? Morgan Freeman. You know Morgan?
I wonder, would that work?  You know who I see for Al Roxy? Harvey Keitel. The man could do it in his sleep.
No shit, come on. How you gonna do that?
Says here you're getting Martin Weir for the part of Lovejoy.
You must bring something heavy to the deal.
Harry called you his associate, but what does that mean? I never heard your name or read it in Variety or The Reporter or anyplace.
I'm just explaining to you what I'm doing here. Case you think I come to rob the place, rip off any of this dusty old shit the man has.
You understand I knew Harry was lying, saying this wasn't any good, but holding on to it, man, like you have to break his fingers to get it from him.
You can talk to me.
What's this movie you're doing first?
That's the magic number.
It's not the kind of thing you do.
It was waiting out there on another deal, one that didn't go through; one you don't want to know about.
Whenever you want it. The money's in hundred dollar bills inside one of those jock bags, you know? In a locker at the airport, waiting to be picked up.
He was watching Letterman, huh? Sneaky, that Chili Palmer.  So, he ever find this dry cleaner, the one with all that money on him?
We'll talk about that, Harry. But first I gotta know, how'd you hook up with Chili Palmer.
How 'bout another one for Mr. Zimm. A double.
All I want in return is to work on the movie with you. Fact I already got some ideas on how to fix it up.
Listen, Harry, how would you like to get your hands on five hundred grand? You pay me back at your convenience, no interest.
Yeah, I was wondering why he should do that.
Last night. When he called me over to your office to talk about it.
Yeah, I hear you bagged Martin Weir for Mr. Lovejoy.
You must be makin' some big deals, doin' lunch in a place like this?
You positive about that?
Harry, you think we go to see your movies? I've seen better film on teeth. Makes no difference to me which one our money's in. So how 'bout you take our twenty points out of "Freaks" and put 'em in this other one, "Mr. Loverboy".
What I'm sayin' is the man wants his money and he wants it now.
You get to town, you go straight to the bank, raid the limo account.
Okay. Then be good enough to hand us our money back, or you think about us coming in on this new one.
What I been wondering is where's he been.
