Look at that.  I haven't watched the sun set in a million years. Do you mind?
I used to think about it.  I had Margaret.  She wanted kids.  I thought about moving somewhere far away like, Europe.  I could see all of that, the first part, the getting away but I couldn't see that next part.  'Then what?' So I'd stop thinking about it and go back to work.  You understand?
You mean quit?
Anything.
When I thought about this, that was always there, in the back of my head, that image of me on my knees, crying.  It wouldn't go away and it would really upset me. It was something that I could never get away from... but now, I feel it's okay.  I feel good.
Do they get down on their knees, begging and crying?
What do other guys do?
Can I ask you something?
I'm thinking about Moonpies.  Ain't that funny?  I haven't had a Moonpie since I was ten years old. Right now, I'm thinking how much I'd love one.
I thought that I would be thinking about Margaret, or work, or that I'd be having these deep, profound and depressing thoughts but I'm not.  I'm trying to think really profound thoughts, but I can't. It seems very funny to me.
That's what our General Contractor told us but how can you trust someone like that?
That's exactly what I told myself.
'Taken.'  That's nice.  When I had someone taken I would call our General Contractor, transfer the money and as soon as I hung up the phone I forgot about them.
I have been thinking about this for a long while.  I knew this day was coming.  I knew someday someone would make the call on me. I never thought about anyone that I had whacked.  What do you call it anyway?
Shit... oh well.
One hundred thousand?  That's it? Jesus... Is that a lot?
Oh yeah?  I guess we still need to see that price tag.  Like art, right?  You hang some painting that looks like baby-puke in your living room only if it costs a bundle.
I know this may seem like a strange question, but can I ask you how much the contract was for -- not to insult you or anything, I know you're a professional, but just for me, I was just wondering.
You're pretty famous aren't you?
I think I've heard of you.
I don't know.  Part of me wanted to but part of me always said, 'What's she going to be able to do?'  I don't know.  Maybe I didn't trust her.
Funny, I've never been a talker. My wife was always getting on me about that.  'Say what you feel, tell me what's bothering you, you ve got to talk to me.'  I never would though.  Not really.
Hey, do you mind if I talk a little?  I feel like, I don't know, talking I guess.
How much farther?
