Poor bastard never knew what hit him. Jesus, I almost felt sorry for the guy.
The red hair... It's bad luck.
People have tried this before, Jake. It's never worked. Teddy Fraiser and his crew went on vacation in Chicago for it. Last year, Mumps got pinched in L.A.
Alright, let's all put our dicks back in our pants for a second. Is this the best thing to do?
Whoa. What?
Come on...
Big Al gets whacked mid-egg foo young. The whole thing took about two and a half hours. That's how good he is.
No, that was the only semi-fucking smart thing he said! Except anybody that's ever met Big Al knows that the only thing he's comfortable doing alone is eating. This guys tells this guy, that guy tells some other guy, eventually it works it's way back to someone who works for the King and --
What are you? New? Let me tell you how good this guy is. Last night, Al calls this bookie to settle up. Apparently he's been ducking him for like a month. So the guy asks him where he's got all this money all of a sudden, right? What does Al do? Does he tell him that he cashed in a fucking Bar Mitzvah bond? Does he tell him he's been giving head out back for twenty bucks a pop? No... He starts going on about this job he just pulled and how he fleeced some Wall Street asshole-type... How HE fleeced.
Independent. Same shit, just independent. They call him the King Pin because he looks like that guy from the comic book... Big. Fat. Bald.
Currently, the King Pin is a very large-type pole stuck up our asses.
The cash we fleeced off of him was collection money. He was supposed to take that money and give it to the King earlier yesterday like he does every Thursday. 'Cept this time, he figured he could make a little something for himself off us and still get the King's money back before any body says "boo."
Jake, I mean, come on --
Moonan. Here. Shit...
Let's go, Jake?
Jake...
Masters of our own destiny.
You ever use the bathroom in Kennedy?
I'd like this cashed, please.
So that's it...
Jake --
Calls?
You'll be there?
We're going to make it back, Grant. Three or four times over.
You sure?
So then Miles walks straight into the Creative Director's office and says "The code's fine, the program's for shit" and throws down like a thousand pages of code on the guy's desk!
She up for this?
You laugh now, but wait until you need a clean place to powder. This is New York city, Sister. Public sanitation does not run very high on the city hall agenda. You know what you can get off a toilet or doorknob? Let's do the list... Hepatitis, influenza, the flesh eating disease --
Yeah... Whatever, Jake.
How's that? He works for Gillette.
We only owe the King a hundred and fifty.
How much we going after?
You gotta be kidding me. Her?
When?
And what about Big Al?
It gets worse. Now I know why he was such a good rope. I mean, cash... That much and we never had to put him on the "Send?" Turns out this ducking Moe was an accountant for the King Pin.
Seems Lionel Dolby came down with a sudden case of drowning last night. They just pulled him out of the East River.
I just don't know if this says, "me". What's the fabric?
I guess. I gotta drop a dime. Did anybody mess up the hoop?
That's a lot of cash. He came up with it pretty quick.
But you won't get that splatter effect.
Shit.
