You guys awake?
Let's just say he burned me once.
Did he buy it?
Look, I'm not a confrontational person by nature.
I want him for something big and to do that, we have to catch him in the act.
Preliminary forensics suggests he was sitting there, bloated and purple in his egg foo young for at least seventy two hours. Alfonse was not a small man and there was a lot of food ordered, so you can imagine the smell. Bad for the neighbors, good for me because in all the time I've been looking for Jake, this is only the second time I've even gotten a whiff of him.
You are Officer Richard Rottovich. And this would be Officer Walter Sobozinski. I'm looking for Jake Vig.
He's headed towards the eastern most exit. Do not, under any circumstances approach. I want to follow this all the way down to Vig.
You guy's are not working with me here. I just got off the phone with my boss. After he got done ripping me a new Lincoln Tunnel size asshole, he let me know exactly how little I'm welcome back if we come up short. And now here you guys are, WASTING MY FUCKING TIME!
Good... I gotta go.  So, what do you have for me?
Literally. It's not a bad deal, gentleman. I get peace of mind. You get Detective Sheilds. But this is the best part, Walter... Walter, your daughter will get to keep her braces and have that winning smile. Capice?
Not everyone's on the take, Walter.
Peace of mind.
You help me catch him. Whatever he's into next, I want you to be into. And what you're into, I'm into. If it all goes well, those two guys from IAD will never have to hear this tape. I'll clear you guys of anything you've ever done with Vig under the guise of some cross- departmental investigation. This prick's been on the wish list for so long, you'll probably get gold shields out of it.
Do you want to know the first time I had a line on Vig? He sent me a birthday card.  Belated, but it's the thought, right? Oh, this prick's got a sense of humor. But, then again you guys probably know him better than I do. In fact, I've only met the guy once. But now, now I have you. The next best thing. His partners. His "Fix."
I've been looking for this Jake Vig for some time now. Problem is, the guy's the invisible man. A spook, a spectre, a ghost. Then, like a gift, Jake's good buddy and member of his crew, Alfonse Moorely, is found the other day with a hole in his head.
