Don't worry about Moonan. We got him covered. When...?  It was him. There's a shipment coming through tonight. Kennedy.
Good boy.
I don't know what you're into with the King Pin, but whatever it is we get a piece, understand? We get a big piece. If we find out you're keeping us out, I may suddenly develop a conscious and give you up to Moonan myself. Say something stupid if we got a deal, Jake.
Well he's in town and he sure as shit remembers you. What are we going to do about this Jake? We can't afford to have a Fed onto us.
Ring it for him, Sobo.
Special Agent Gunther Moonan. Ring a bell?
Tip was fine, Jake. We were a little more curious about the Fed.
Was that a threat? Did I hear a threat? Last I remember, we were talking economics, then this...? What happens next time if we gotta stop and help a little old lady cross the street? Well, shit... Then we gotta pass the call to someone else.
Don't get me wrong, Jake. I like you boys. You guys are the steadiest business in town. But what can I say? Twenty percent's still better than what we give to any of the other criminals.
Yeah Well, Sobo's kid needs braces.
We're here.
I think so. What'd he ever do to you anyway?
Like we told you before, we think he's into something with the King Pin --
If you Feds are so hot for him, why don't we just bring him in right now?
Look Special Agent Moonan... We don't know what you're talking about.
Special Agent?
Put your hand down. I don't high five.
What are you doing?
That's what I'm talking about.
I don't trust anybody. You see how bad this guy wants Vig? It's like a sickness. I say we collar Vig ourselves. We got Vig, then we got leverage. And we trade; Vig for that tape. I want to see it right in front of my face.
Bullshit it's cosmetic! My fucking tooth was cracked in half. I made the son of a bitch write it in as a cavity. The department's dental is for shit.
It's cosmetic. They don't cover cosmetic. Last year I had a tooth capped. The dentist tells me I'm not covered for caps. It's cosmetic.
What's he going to do? File a missing drugs report? If it works out, this guy might be good for a few more turns.
Don't be an idiot. How hard do you think it is to sell one drug dealer's drugs to another drug dealer? If Vig's right, we might be looking at a hundred, maybe a hundred fifty grand...
You sell it.
