You're dismissed, Private.
Why don't you start with that?
Any serious problems with your sergeant or your fellow soldiers?
Do you think you've been discriminated against on this post?
Why do you think they let us in on the "deal"?
Chaos.
Because it's a job?
With your attitude, Private, I'm surprised you want to stay in the service.
Do whatever they tell you--
How do you think I got to be a colonel?
Please.
Well?
And that's the job? Nothing about serving your country?
Who's "they"?
What exactly do you think your job is, Private?
You don't sound too enthusiastic.
Do you believe in what we're doing here, Private Johnson?
When you were given the opportunity to enlist, a kind of contract was agreed upon. I think the Army has honored its part of that agreement.
Then how would you explain the fact that out of one hundred twenty people we tested, you're the only one who came up positive for drugs?
Private Johnson, are you unhappy in the Army?
My mother said he never asked about--
It's a small post and they're phasing it out in two years, but I moved up in rank and--well, a command is a command.
I'm a colonel.
Uncle Al--
Where'd he get all this?
I never met her.
You've been in this house for a while?
If it's too late--
Colonel. Is uhm--is Otis in?
You'll get official notification when I make my decision. He is out the door--Otis pulls himself a beer as Carolyn steps back out--
Maybe we'll clean that thing out back up, have a barbecue next weekend. We could invite him and his wife over.
He does.
My father.
Good.
How's your room shaping up?
No.
Not that I don't think you'd be good at it, but--you know--I wouldn't be disappointed if you decided to do something else with your life.
So you're going into the Army?
Tanks, huh?
Homework?
How many B-average students do you think they take at West Point?
I thought we already had this out? Next year, if your grades are high enough--
Big O was always there with a  smile or a loan or a free drink.
"Hey, Delmore, where's your Daddy?"
Otis Payne was never embarrassed about a thing in his life.
I sprint the last quarter mile. You gentlemen don't have to keep up if you don't care to.
I meant on the post. In general. How are you dealing with it?
Substance abuse?
Have we had trouble there before?
Why would you want to do that?
And people make their choice--
I hear things, too.  People call you the Mayor of Darktown.
The Army hands you a command, you go wherever it is.
That's right.
We have an enlisted man's club at the post.
I assume a lot of your business is from our people.
So tell me why I shouldn't make this place off-limits.
Nice to meet you, Ma'am.
Deal drugs in the bathroom--
You get much of that in here?
That where he was shot?
Black Seminoles?
