--but Buddy Deeds was my salvation.
We made our collection at Roderick's place and that was the last anybody seen hide nor hair of him.  He went missing the next day, along with ten thousand dollars in county funds from the safe at the jail.
"Mas cerveza por favor."
And the Sheriff at the time was Big Charley Wade. Charley was one of your old-fashioned bribe-or-bullets kind of Sheriffs, he took a healthy bite out of whatever moved through this county.
The two of us were the only deputies back then me and Buddy--it's what-- '58--
Hell, everybody heard that story a million times.
That's not the whole story. The Mexicans that know, that remember, understand what Buddy was for their people.  Hell, it was Mercedes over there who swung the deciding vote for him.
King wasn't Mexican, Fenton--
Big day coming up--I wish we'd have thought of it while he was still living. But he went so unexpected.
Sam! I was just telling a few about your old man.
He known who it was onnacouna the tire tracks in the dirt from the back of the garage to where they loaded up. "Old Fishbait," he says, "never lifted a thing in this world if there was a way he could roll it."
"Fishbait," says Buddy, in that quiet way of his, "What you know about them tires that went missing from markets?" Fishbait thinks for a minute, then he lifts up a loose board from the porch floor and calls down into it, "C'mon out, Pooter, they caught us!"
Word gets out who that body was, people are gonna think Buddy done it.
Widow's benefits. He figured it would make the disappearance look better, and that Mexican gal was just scrapin' by after Charley killed her man. They didn't get hooked up till late--
The three of us cleaned up and took him to the post and put him under. Can't say I was much help.
Buddy Deeds--
Your father had the finest sense of justice of any man I ever met--
Hey, Sam.
You lived in the man's house what-- seventeen, eighteen years? And you didn't get to know him any better than that?
Do you?
I wish I could tell you I remembered something new, but I can't.
We have a murder?
Sam! Quite a do the other day. It meant a lot to folks that you said something.
And I understand why you might want to think he could.
We got that dedication tomorrow. This is a hell of a time to be draggin' up old business.
There's no call for that, Sam. Fella made himself a pile of enemies over the years.
No. I think his widow's still in their place in Darktown, though.  You think it's Charley Wade, huh?
He owned the colored roadhouse before Big O--
I told the story enough times--hell, we were just in the car, he was stewing about the fight with Buddy while we drove over to Roderick Bledsoe's--
Charley? I believe he was. Used to go for lodge meetings over to Laredo. What's he got to do with your body?
Was it Davy Crockett or Jim Bowie?
Just as well. The new people just painted it some God-awful color--
You go by your old house?
Sounds great. Where do I sign up?
Sam! Hey podner! You caught me playing hooky--
Look, I know you had some problems with your father, and he and Muriel-- well--
Oh--he come to an accommodation. Money doesn't always need to change hands to keep the wheels turning.
Not a peep. Buddy run the man out of town.
She put it even at three to three, so as the Mayor I get to cast the tiebreaker. The older generation won't have any problem with it. They remember how Buddy come to be Sheriff, that it was all 'cause he took their part.
Right. But nobody here ever noticed him till they read his name on the national news--
There was a faction pulling for that boy who was killed in the Gulf War-- Ruben--
Oh, you know, the usual troublemakers. Danny Padilla from the Sentinel, that crowd.
