Well, he's living proof of that, son. Living proof.
By blood you are. But blood only means what you let it.
These are our people. There were Paynes in Florida, Oklahoma, Piedras Negras--couple of 'em won the whatsit-- Congressional Medal Of Honor--
When you're his age you'll still be pissed off about him.
Didn't have a father?
Well--
PDA?
He's a pretty tough old man, huh?
You didn't go telling your father you were here?
I got a pretty good guess.
They were in the Army. Like your father.
Same as they done in Mexico.
Men worked for Santa Anna down there, waited out the Civil War. The land wasn't much to feed people on, so in 1870 they come north and put up at Fort Duncan and the men joined up what was called the Seminole Negro Indian Scouts. Best trackers either side of the border. Bandits, rustlers, Texas rednecks, Kiowa, Comanche--
They got tired of fighting, went to the Indian Territories for a while. But the slave-raiders were on 'em even there, and one night they packed up and nearly the whole band rode down to Mexico. Crossed at Eagle Pass.
They teaching that now?  Good. Only a couple of 'em held out--this man, John Horse, and his friend Wild Cat, and a fella name of Osceola. Army put all of them in prison and Osceola died, but them other two escaped and put together a fighting band and held out another ten, fifteen years. Beat Zach Taylor and a thousand troops at Lake Okeechobee.
He was part of the Seminole Nation, got pushed down into the Everglades in pioneer days. African people who run off from the slaveholders hooked up with them, married up, had children. When the Spanish give up Florida, the U.S.Army come down to move all them Indian peoples off to Oklahoma--
Both.
Spanish in Florida called him Juan Caballo. John Horse.
Go out through the back.
You weren't in here tonight, were you?
Because I'm your father.
I gonna meet that family of yours?
A lot of 'em choose both. There's not like a borderline between the good people and the bad people--you're not either on one side or the other--
Over the years, this is the one place that's always been there. I loan a little money out, settle some arguments. Got a cot in the back- people get afraid to go home they can spend the night. There's not enough of us to run anything in this town- the white people are mostly out on the lake now and the Mexicans hire each other. There's the Holiness Church and there's Big O's place.
Right.
I been hearing rumors about this new commander coming for a couple weeks now. Boys say they heard he's a real hard case. Spit-and-polish man. Full- bird colonel name of Payne, they say-- Bet you never figured you end up back here.
Well, you're the Man out there now, aren't you? It's your call.
Your boys out there cooped up together, need somewhere they can let the steam out. If they're Black, there's not but one place in this town they feel welcome. Been that way since before you were born.
This is an official visit, then--
So.
This here's Carolyn. Honey, this is my son, Delmore.
If I thought it would help I'd put up a sign telling them not to. Right under the one about the employees washing their hands.
It's a bar. People come together, drink, fall in love, fall out of love, air their grudges out--
That's where he fell.
Hobby of mine. Got some artifacts, couple pieces one of your men out at the base made. Free admission.
Yeah. How about that? People start digging holes in this county, there's no telling what'll come up.
I'm not open. We were just talking.
Buddy was more a part of the big picture--county political machine, chamber of commerce, zoning board if I kept those people happy, he was pretty much on my side.  Whenever somebody thought--they start up another bar for the black  folks, they'd be--how should I put this? They'd be officially discouraged.
What about it?
Could of been. That was white people's business.
Oh--I think he came in one more time with Hollis and--naw, your Daddy wasn't with them. Made their monthly pickup. Roderick wasn't in so I just kept my mouth good and shut and handed over that envelope.
I didn't understand the spot I was putting Roderick in.
