Two years at hard labor, Our Lady of Perpetual Help.
I said pretty much the same thing to my mother when I was your age.
If you grew up to he anywhere near as good a man as your father was, I would be happy! I would be thrilled.
That isn't true.
I think you can learn whatever you want to. I just don't see you doing it. If you want to settle for--
You can fix old cars. Mr. Washburn told me that the cars they're making now are all computerized--
How do you think you're going to make a living?
Save your breath. That line doesn't cut it with me.
That makes it okay?
Don't try to con me, Amado. You knew how they got all those things.
So I'm worried about you. I don't want you to end up in jail like your friends.
--you're going to be on your own.
I'm only going to have you for two more years. If you decide not to go on to college--
Leave your sister out of it.
Oh, come on, Amado--
You'll find out when I get you home. Thanks, Sam.
I'm unmarried. I'm not available.
The Sheriff.
All my mother does is work. That's how you get to be Spanish.
Sure, they go back to Cortez. When he rode by, they were squatting in a hut cooking hamsters for dinner.
Spanish, please. My mother would have a heart attack.
Steve?
"That boy"--Mami, say his name for chrissakes!
What? Become a nun? You didn't want me going out with Anglos--
You made it pretty damn clear you thought he was nobody.
Mami, the first time I brought him home, those were your exact words-- "some chulo with grease under his nails."
Thank you.
Nobody's too busy.
There must have been somebody.
How come you never got married again?
Right. When he was killed.
Mami, how old were you when my father--
Oh, come on--you must be curious how it's changed. Amado is into this big Tejano roots thing and I've never been further than Ciudad Leon--
No. I was wondering if you'd like to take a trip down south with us. Maybe see where you grew up--
If you spent a little more time training them--
Well, you hire illegals--
Maybe you're just getting less patient.
I have new respect for some of my kids, meeting the parents they've been dealt--
I don't think you can take it personally--
He's going to wish he was dead.
Okay? He's not here?
Oh, my mother wanted to keep me away from away from boys.
I only went for my last two years.
Enough with the clothes--
Nobody really wears that stuff, Paloma.
Yeah. I had uhm--school business.
It's Saturday.
What do you think?
For a while.
Yeah?
It doesn't have anything to do with being smart.
Of course you can.
Everything that went before, all that stuff, that history--the hell with it, right?
We start from scratch--
I'm not having any more children. After Amado, I had some complications-- I can't get pregnant again, if that's what the rule is about--
From the first time I saw you at school--all those years we were married to other people I always felt like we were connected.
They can't pull this on me. It isn't fair--I don't believe this--
I've never seen my mother in a bathing suit before.  Didn't know she owned one.
Couple months before I was born--
She'll figure it out sooner or later. I don't have to ask permission anymore, if that's what you mean.
Eladio. Eladio. Cruz.
Yeah?
It isn't. Not by a long shot. He holds her and they lie silently for a moment--
Like your story is over.
There's nothing on the walls. No pictures--
How long have you lived here?
So what are we gonna do about this?
How come it feels the same?
Wow.
Yeah?
When Nando died--it was so sudden--I was kind of in shock for awhile. Then I woke up and there was the whole rest of my life and I didn't have any idea what to do with it.
I mean what did we know about anything?
I look at my kids in school--tenth, eleventh graders. That's who we were. Children.
We thought we were something, didn't we?
Looks real bad if the teacher's late for class. It's really nice to talk with you, Sam.
I should get back.
They've got me. Different thing.
It can happen so sudden, can't it? Being left out on your own.
You don't want to be Sheriff.
So why did you come back here, Sam?
Fernando wasn't pissed off at everybody. He just wanted to fix their cars.
With Paloma, it's more like she pities and tolerates me- totally age- appropriate. But Amado--he's--he's never been book-smart. Had a hard time learning to read. Me being a teacher and caring about those things is like an embarrassment--like a betrayal.
He hates me.
Amado.
Weird what you remember.
I was on the playground with all the other kids, but I thought he was only looking at me. I was afraid he was going to arrest me--he had those eyes, you know--
I remember him watching me once. When I was little--before you and I--
People liked him.
I thought you got through that pretty well.
So she tells me three times a week.
A real palace. She rattles around alone in that thing--
I can't name anybody she does like these days.
Lunch hour. My next class isn't till nine-thirty.
Are you okay?
We haven't talked since high school.
Somebody called--something about an electronics store.
They've got my Amado.
