Yeah, it's a pretty cold trail.
You got to investigate. No question about it.
So is Buddy on your short list?
He swore by it.  What?
Colt Peacemaker.
So he could have gone out to the base, hopped the fence, dug down into the dirt on the old rifle range and had a heart attack.
You got a cause of death?
You know the popular version of how he left town.
--it didn't come out of a cereal box.
Charley Wade.
Nice job.
Skinny?
That the word on our boy?
Yeah, we'll have folks swimming over to Mexico to work in the sweatshops.
September '97, that's all she wrote.
Business is booming. Got your drugs, got your illegals--had a shooting the other night at Big O's--Soldier got ventilated.
Hey, Ben. Thanks for coming down.
You look good, Bunny. It's nice to see you.
I think they have another fella there to keep it off your chest. A spotter.
What?
It wasn't just you, Bunny.
Suppose not.
You didn't--uhm--you didn't have one of your fires, did you? The stuff I left in the garage--some of it was my father's--
No. You?
Bunny, is that stuff I left in the garage still there?
Best part of the job.
Same weight I always was.
You were in a fight--
Yeah, well--
You look good--
No, you look good. I was just wondering.
Bunny, you--uhm--you on that same medication?
You still going to all the home games?
Rio. BUNNY Right. This kid, Hosea Brown? Does tire 40 in 3.4, soft hands, lateral movement--the whole package. Only a sophomore--
That's in Maverick County.
Your government always been pretty happy to have that line. The question's just been where to draw it
You ever know a fella named Eladio Cruz?
Made some money, came back here--
You lived in the States for a while?
You own this place?
Pleased to meet you.
Treasure hunter?
Masons been around a long while.
I've got the forensics fella coming down from the Rangers. No way to know how old the body is without some lab work.
I was driving back from Apache Wells when they got me on the radio.
Yeah. I bet he would.
You mixed drinks bad as you mix metaphors, you be out of a job.
Good deal you were born down here, then.
If the next guy's a redneck.
When you backed me you needed somebody named Deeds to bump the other fella out of office.  Hey, folks--
We need a drug rehab program, we need a new elementary school--
We're already renting cells to the Feds for their overflow--
We don't need a new jail.
Rather have that than the ten-foot- high catfish statue--
Seems like we have another one every week.
Don't think the Rangers are likely to find out any more than they already have.
And the ten thousand?
Buddy Deeds was a murderer.
Yeah, and my mother was a saint. For fifteen years the whole damn town knew he had another woman on the side. Stole ten thousand dollars to set her up in business. But hell, what's that? You got a problem? Buddy'll fix it. Facing some time in jail? Buddy'll knock half of it off-- if you do what he says, when he says. You got some business that's not exactly legal? Talk to Buddy--
Imonna find out one way or the other.
Open late.
Fellas.
I got to go see somebody in San Antonio today. Your memory gets any better, I'll be back tonight.
I think somewhere between Roderick Bledsoe's club and his house, Wade ran into Buddy Deeds. I think Buddy put a bullet in him, waited for him to die, threw him in the trunk of the Sheriff's car and drove him out by the Army post, I think he buried him under four feet of sand and never looked back.
I got an idea what happened.
Charley Wade.
You thought any more about our murder?
Morning, Hollis.
People have worked this whole big thing up around my father. If it's built on a crime, they deserve to know. Now I understand why you might want to believe he couldn't do it.
And Buddy was one of them.
Besides my father, I mean.
Forensics people are sure of it. You have any idea who might have put him there?
He still living?
Bledso
You don't remember anything else from that last night you saw him, do you?
All it was wearing was a big old Masonic ring and a Rio County Sheriffs badge.
You recall if Charley Wade was a Mason?
We found a body out by the Army base yesterday. Been there for a long time.
No.
I haven't been out here for a while.
Floating around out here, playin' hell with them bass--play a little cards, play a little golf, drink some beer--
I always wondered what you Mayors do when you're not cutting ribbons.
Right.
Never heard from him again?
That so?
--Santiago.
I heard there was a bit of a fuss.
Look, I'm not gonna campaign against your deal here, but if anybody asks me, I got to tell them the truth. We-- don't--need--a new jail.
It wouldn't happen to be your construction company gonna get the bid on building this thing, would it, H.L. And Jorge, you wouldn't be thinking about a couple dozen new jobs to dangle in front of the voters--
Danny's gonna be out for blood the next time.
The Perdido thing?
You ought to put up a banner-- "Frontera, Texas: Gateway to Cut- Rate Pussy"--
People come here to catch bass and to get laid at the Boy's Town in Cuidad Leon--
Do you remember the last time you saw him?
People didn't complain?
And my father?
He squeezed money out of you?
You had to deal with him in running the club.
So you must remember Sheriff Wade.
He had the club out on the old trail road--
You mind if I ask a few questions about your husband? Roderick?
I've seen 'em.
Yeah, that's the story of my life.
I'm Sheriff Deeds--
Mrs. Bledsoe?
Hollis probably told you we found Charley Wade.
He ever accept cash for a favor?
What was your deal with him?
And when my father was Sheriff?
That was the night he disappeared?
And that was the last time you saw him?
Murdered him?
I've heard Wade was a bit tough on the Mexicans--
You built our patio while you  were on the county?
Well, you were working there--
So I've heard--
I'm surprised he bothered with it.
I thought he busted you a couple times.
You're going to smoke an acre and a half of marijuana?
You stop growing that loco weed at your place, you'd see a lot more daylight.
How much you got left?
Hey, Pete. How's it going?
Yeah--
If I met you for the first time today, I'd still want to be with you.
I remember thinking you were the one part of my life Buddy didn't have a piece of--
He paid the hospital bill when you were born. Your mom always calls you "our beautiful daughter" in the letters she wrote to him.
Buddy bought the cafe for her with money he took from the county. Pilar looks away, struggling not to cry--
Try a year and a half. He bands her an old snapshot. PILAR looks at it--
You have any idea when your father died? Eladio?
You gonna tell your mother we been seeing each other?
What was your father's name?
Pilar--
I've felt that way, yeah.
Don't have kids. Other pictures--I don't know--it's nothing I want to look back on.
Two years.
More, I hope.
I don't know. It just feels good. Always did.
Yeah.
I came back 'cause you were here.
You know the other day, you asked why I came back?
Nothing.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Pilar--
You've got your mother, your kids--
I got to admit it's not what I thought it'd be. Back When Buddy had it-- hell, I'm just a jailer. Run a 60- room hotel with bars on the windows.
Got divorced, I wasn't gonna work for my father-in-law anymore. The fellas down here said they'd back me--
It might just be the age. I spent my first fifteen years trying to be just like Buddy and the next fifteen trying to give him a heart attack.
Fernando did okay, and he dropped out--
No--
Nice-looking kid.
Your boy, there--
Yeah.
Most people did, yeah.
They cooked the whole thing up without asking me.
She's done well for herself--on her own and all--
I see she built a place up here by the river.
Your mother still doesn't like me.
Want to take a walk?
Field trip?
He's all yours.
Yeah. I'll go check on your boy.
I was--I was real sorry about Nando. He was a good fella. We haven't talked since.
I'll see what's going on.
Got him here?
Something wrong?
You think we need a new jail?
I appreciate you telling me.
Don't know if I'll still want it.
You'd do a good job.
They want you to stand for Sheriff next election.
Gotta be in person.
No--to Mexico. I've got to talk to somebody.
I'm going over to the other side.
I been working on a few things.
Yeah.
Nothin' much. The Rangers put Ben Wetzel on it. Catch you later.
Okay--we'll take a statement from all the GIs before they go back to post. You can get the story from Otis over at the club.
The shooter local?
Sure.
Yeah. It's quiet--
I haven't seen anybody come by.
What's up?
You know who it was?
Another woman?
No--
You think he killed anybody in Korea?
So when did Buddy leave?
Hell of a spot to put a business.
You sell much out here?
