I meant me, my son and my daughter.
Oh, that's just my daughter in the bathroom.
Vacation. I'm taking him to see his first bullfight.
Just my son and I.
To keep the daylight out! This is where they sleep! Get to the door!
Thank you, son.
It's not suicide if you're already dead. Two...
I'm running the show. I make the plays, and you back the plays I make. Stop thinking with your fucking balls. Kate in a room with a couple of desperate men with nothing to fucking lose ain't the time to "go for it." I need your cover. Cover my ass.
Now, you listen to me. You ain't gonna do a goddamn fucking thing, you hear me! Nobody cares what you think, I'm running this show, I make the decisions.
Son, I have this situation under control. I know exactly what I'm doing. You're going to have to trust me on this.
What about Kate?
If they get over the border, they're gonna let us go.
Have you forgotten about your sister?
I'm gonna try and get us across the border.
I have no idea.
I'm exhausted.
Unless you two wiseacres wanna be introduced to the joys of hitchhiking, what say we drop this?
We got about two more hours of day light left. That'll get us into El Paso, which is right next to the border. We'll stop at a motel --
Kate, Scott?
Amen.
Well, I say lets tear this place apart for weapons. So when they burst through that door, we'll make 'em wish they never did.
What's this stuff?
You bet your sweet ass you are, and I'm gonna help you do it. But we ain't got much time.
Yep.
What's an official cross? Some piece of tin made in Taiwan? What makes that official? If a cross works against vampires, it's not the cross itself, it's what the cross represents. The cross is a symbol of holiness.
In the Winnebago.
I'm like you. I don't believe in vampires, but I believe in what I saw.
Okay, does anybody here know what's going on?
Now, is your shit together?
To yours.
Nothing. I didn't make a statement. I asked a question. Would you like me to ask it again? Very well. Are you such a loser you can't tell when you've won?  The entire state of Texas, along with the FBI, is looking for you. Did they find you? No. They couldn't. They had every entrance to the border covered. There's no way you could get across. Did you? Yes, you did. You've won, Seth, enjoy it.
Are you so much a fucking loser, you can't tell when you've won?
Before we stepped in here, you told all of us to be cool. That means you, too.
What are you going to do?
He backed down.
Why are you so agitated?
No, I do drink, I'm just not drinking now.
Pass.
Out of the stew pot and into the fire.
Then?
We did our part, we gotcha in Mexico. Now it's time for your part, letting us go.
I don't have the slightest idea.
I'm telling you, don't hurt her.
I swear to God I won't try to escape and I'll do my best to get you into Mexico.
If he touches her, I'll kill him. I don't give a fuck how many guns you have, nothing will stop me from killing him.
You won't let him touch her?
No, I didn't.
Yes.
You want me to sit here and be passive. The only way being passive in this situation makes sense is if I believe you'll let us go. I'm not there yet. You have to convince me you're telling the truth.
How do I know you'll keep your word?
Yes.
I think I've gotten about as up close and personal with you as I'm gonna get. Now if you need me like I think you need me, you're not gonna kill me 'cause I won't answer your stupid, prying questions. So, with all due respect, mind your own business.
Yes.
I was a minister.
Real McCoy.
Yes.
Yes, they do.
Not quite. She was trapped in the wreck for about six hours before she passed on.
No. It was a rainy night, the brakes on the car weren't great. She had to stop suddenly. She slid on the road, she crashed, she died.
Auto wreck.
Yes, she is.
In heaven.
My wife.
Scott and Kate.
Yes.
My children are not going with you, and that's that.
If you're taking people, take me. But my kids aren't going anywhere with you.
Not a chance.
On the dresser.
It's okay, honey. Everything's going to be all right.
What's this about, money?
Neither does he. He looks Vietnamese.
He's my son.
Jacob.
No!
Good girl. Now, Scott, we have even less time, so I'm only giving you the count of three. One...
Not good enough, swear to God.
Kate, we don't have all day, so I'm only gonna count to five. One...two... three... four...
Scott?
No, I'm not. I've been bit. In effect, I'm already dead.
About two hours from now.
It has a bed. That's all I care about.
It's not a flop house. It's basic and simple. That doesn't make it a flop house.
There's nothing wrong with this place.
Mom's got nothing to say, she's dead.
Kate, give your old man a little credit. Every person who chooses the service of God as their life's work has something in common. I don't care if you're a preacher, a priest, a nun, a rabbi or a Buddhist monk. Many, many times during your life you'll look at your reflection in the mirror and ask yourself, am I a fool? We've all done it. I'm not going through a lapse. What I've experienced is closer to awakening. I'm not trying to shake your faith. I've just decided not to devote my life to God anymore.
I didn't say fuck him. I'm just not connected anymore.
Not enough to be a pastor. Look, I know this is hard on you kids. After Jenny's death, this is probably the last thing you need. But I can't do it any longer. My congregation needs spiritual leadership. Well, they can't get that from me anymore. My faith is gone. To answer your question, yes, I do believe in Jesus. But do I love them? No. After Jenny died, I just thought, what's the point?
That's very nice of Ted, but I'll call him tomorrow and tell him not to bother waiting.
I just bet you would. Don't even think about it. Besides, I want to have one night's sleep in an honest- to-goodness bed. The beds in the home are okay, but they're not like a real bed.
You two ought to start a stand-up act, because you're just wasting your humor on me.
