So let's do it.
So do I just follow you?
I said new, this is an '90.
Jesus Christ, Carlos, my brother's dead and he's not coming back, and it's all your fault. Twenty.
You can't, but fifteen percent instead of thirty for my stay at El Ray is a good start.
Did they look like psychos? They were fuckin' vampires. Psychos don't explode when sunlight hits 'em, I don't care how crazy they are.
Well, because you picked that place out of a hat, my brother's dead now. And this girl's family's dead.
Have you ever been there before?
Why the fuck, outta all the god forsaken shit holes in Mexico, did you have us rendezvous at that place?
I promise.
I don't give a shit about living or dying anymore. I just want to send as many of these devils back to hell as I can.
My guess is that this little dive's been feeding on nomad road waifs like bikers and truckers for a longtime. This is probably some of the shipments they stole off the trucks.
You all are gonna fuckin' die! I'm gonna fuckin' kill every last one of you godless pieces of shit!
Did he...?
Okay, I'll buy that. So we got crosses covered, moving right along, what else?
I don't know about that. In order for it to have any power, I think it's gotta be an official crucifix.
In other words, no.
Good for you. Now, since we all believe we're dealing with vampires, what do we know about vampires? Crosses hurt vampires. Do you have a cross?
You too, preacher?
Yeah, I know what's going on. We got a bunch of fuckin' vampires outside trying to get inside and suck our fuckin' blood! That's it, plain and simple. And I don't wanna hear any bullshit about "I don't believe in vampires" because I don't fuckin' believe in vampires either. But I do believe in my own two fuckin' eyes, and with my two eyes I saw fuckin' vampires! Now, does everybody agree we're dealin' with vampires.
Forever together.
To your family.
What did you call me?
I never said do what I do, I said do what I say.
I'm gonna just sit here and drain this bottle. And when I've drunk the last drop, if I still feel then, the way I feel now, I'm gonna take this bottle and break it over his melon head.
He's smilin' at us. But behind his smile, he's sayin', "Fuck you Jack." I hear that loud and clear.
I'm still stewing about that ape laying hands on me. And that fuckin' bartender sticks a weed up my ass, too.
Suit yourself, more for me.  Scotty?
Why not, against your religion?
Who else?
Shit, I been to bars make this place look like a fuckin' 4-H club.
Then stop, 'cause that's where we're going.
Pops, when you're right, you're right, and you are right.
Well, you just keep thinkin' of that gun next to Kate's temple.
As long as you're cool, she'll be cool. What're ya gonna say?
You best better get it done, Pops.
Swear to God, on the Bible, you won't try to escape and you'll get us across the border.
Fair enough. You break your word, I'll kill all of you.  Kate, honey!
I can handle Richie, don't worry.
Didn't think so. So, as I was saying, I'm willing to make a deal. You behave, get us into Mexico, and don't try to escape. I'll keep my brother off your daughter and let you all loose in the morning.
Didn't like it, did ya?
Look, dickhead, the only thing you need to be convinced about is that you're stuck in a situation with a coupla real mean motor scooters. I don't wanna hafta worry about you all fuckin' night. And I don't think you wanna be worrying about my brother's intentions toward your daughter all night. You notice the way he looked at her, didn't ya?
Jesus Christ, Pops, don't start with this shit.
I thought so. You help us get across the border without incident, stay with us the rest of the night without trying anything funny, and in the morning we'll let you and your family go. That way everybody gets what they want. You and your kids get out of this alive and we get into Mexico. Everybody's happy.
I seem to have touched a nerve. Don't be so sensitive, Pops, let's keep this friendly. But you're right, enough with the getting to know you shit.  Now, there's two ways we can play this hand. One way is me and you go round an' round all fuckin' night. The other way, is we reach some sort of an understanding. Now, if we go down that first path at the end of the day, I'll win. But we go down the second, we'll both win. Now, I don't give a rat's ass about you or your fuckin' family. Y'all can live forever or die this second and I don't care which. The only things I do care about are me that son-of-a-bitch in the back, and our money. And right now I need to get those three things into Mexico. Now, stop me if I'm wrong, but I take it you don't give a shit about seeing me and my brother receiving justice, or the bank getting its money back. Right now all you care about is the safety of your daughter, your son and possibly yourself. Am I correct?
Why'd ya quit?
Was? As in not anymore?
You're a preacher?
I've seen one of these before. A friend of mine had himself declared a minister of his own religion. Away to fuck the IRS. Is that what you're doing, or are you the real McCoy?
Is this real?
Whewww! Those acts of God really stick it in and break it off, don't they?
Died instantly?
Come on, gimme some more details. How'd it happen? Some fuckin' drunk kill her?
How'd she die?
She's dead?
Where is the little lady?
Who's this?
Jacob Fuller. Jacob, that's biblical, ain't it? What am I askin' for, of course it is.  What are their names?
Good.  Your old man's all right, he just saved your life.
That's not fuckin' that...  this is fuckin' this.  Go sit over there.
Sorry, I need everybody.
Come again?
Richie, take the keys. Start that big bastard up, and drive it up front.
Where are the keys to the motor home?
Just listen to daddy, sugar, and don't do nothin' stupid.  You two, Simon says sit the fuck down!
It's about money, all right, but not yours. You see, me and my brother here are in a little hot water and we need your assistance.
Oh, well, excuse me all to hell.
How does that happen? You don't look Japanese.
What's the story with you two? You a couple of fags?
Okay, Jacob, get up and sit your ass down on the bed. Make a wrong move and I'll shoot you in the face.
What's your name?
See ya.
I'm sorry.
You use 'em on the first couple of these parasites that try to bite you.
Well, when you run out of weapons, just start cold cocking 'em. Make 'em sing for their supper.
How many bullets left, kid?
Anytime.
Daddy's dead.
Bullshit! You hate us. If you had half a chance you'd feed us to them!
Peachy! Why shouldn't I be? The world's my oyster, except for the fact that I just rammed a wooden stake in my brother's heart because he turned into a vampire, even though I don't believe in vampires. Aside from that unfortunate business, everything's hunky-dory.
How about you, cutie pie? Ready for round two?
In the morning, darlin', in the morning, we are G-O-N-E and you are F-R-E-E. Now, I know I put you guys through hell, and I know I've been one rough pecker, but from here on end you guys are in my cool book. Scotty, help me pick Richie up, and lay him down. Jacob, keep going on this road till you get to a sign that says, "Digayo." When you get to Digayo, turn this big bastard left, go on down for a few miles, then you see a bar called "The Titty Twister." From what I hear, you can't miss it.
Get it and bring it up here, will ya, please?
You must have a bible in here, don't cha?
You damn well better. Go.
Do you believe me?
You got three minutes. One second longer, I shoot your father in the face. Do you understand what I just said?
The Sword of Damocles is lifted from above Seth's head. He's just solved a problem that a mere thirty seconds ago seemed unsolvable. He knows exactly how he's going to cross the border. Whistling a happy tune, he turns and walks back into room #9.
Well that don't matter now, 'cause you got about two fuckin' seconds to live! Richie!
You callin' him a liar?
He says you were scratching.
Were you giving that pig signals?
I want that son-of-a-bitch out outta here, in his car, and down the road or you can change the name of this place to "Benny's World of Blood."
Letting him use your toilet? No store does that.
I kinda doubt that. We're grabbin' a table, send over a waitress to take our order.
Are you tellin' me I'm not good enough to drink here?
What dya mean?
Whiskey!
Scarred for life, that's how I am!
Well, then ask her, dumb ass.
Earth to Richie. Don't you wanna ask your new friend to join us?
Well, it is. Just because I'm happy doesn't mean I'm on vacation. You're just not used to seein' me happy, 'cause it's been about fifteen fuckin' years since I been happy. But my shit is forever together.
My shit is together.
I'm here with you.
What do you mean?
How?
No, Richie, what do I look like?
That's what you look like.
That's how you're lookin', Richie.
It's not a big deal, unless you make it a big deal. Now, I'm real happy, Richie, stop bringing me down with bullshit.
When we get to El Ray, I'll take care of it.
Don't worry about it, we'll get you some glasses.
They broke when you fell.
Yep. We're heading for the rendezvous right now. We get there, we pound booze till Carlos shows up, he escorts us to El Ray. And then me and you, brother, kick fuckin' back. How ya like them apples?
We are...  "South of the border down Mexico way."
Well, let me tell ya something, gonna clear your head right up. We are officially Mexicans.
Yeah, when you fell your head smacked the toilet hard. It scared the shit outta me. Sure you're okay?
Yeah, we were just standing there. You said something about your shoulder hurting, then you just hit the ground like a sack of potatoes.
I don't know, you just passed out.
You okay?
This ain't the time.
Keep your voice down.
This ain't the time, Richard.
Take a pill, kid. I just meant stay cool.
No, I didn't.
What?
As long as you don't act like a fuckin' nut, we'll be just fine.
Duly noted. Now, shut up.
Shut up. It's gonna work just fine,
Richard!
Yes, Seth, I understand.
Just say yes! Nothing else, just say yes.
This is not me! I am a professional fucking thief. I steal money. You try to stop me, god help you. But I don't kill people I don't have to, and I don't rape women. What you doin' ain't how it's done. Do you understand?
Is this my fault? Do you think this is what I am?
Is it me? Is it my fault?
No.  That woman wouldn't of said shit if she had a mouthful.
Yeah, explain it to me. I need an explanation. What's the matter with you?
What the fuck is she doin' there?!
What'd ya mean, what? The fuckin' woman, the hostage. Where the fuck is she, Richard!?
Where's the woman?
I heard it on the radio. We gotta get our asses into Mexico tonight. Carlos is gonna meet us tomorrow morning at a rendezvous on the other side, then Carlos and his boys will escort us to El Ray and --
Richie, it's gonna get a lot fuckin' worse before it gets any fuckin' better. We showed our ass in Texas. We killed Texas fuckin' Rangers. They ain't gonna stop lookin' till they find us, and when they find us, they're gonna kill us. Texans take it very personal when ya kill their law enforcement officers. The El Paso police have already started a motel and hotel search for us.
I gotta figure a way to get across that goddamn border. Longer we fuck around El Paso our lives ain't worth a shit.
Yeah, I saw the border. Through binoculars from on top of a high building. That's about as close as I risked getting. What's the TV say?
Cops.
Sight seein'.
-- This conversation is over.
These guys ain't spic firecracker salesman from Tijuana. They don't even know the meaning of the word "barter".  You wanna stay in El Ray? You give them thirty percent of your loot. It's scripture. So it is written, so shall it be done. You want sanctuary, you pay the price, and the price is thirty percent.
That's their standard deal, brother. They ain't about to change it for us.
I'm gonna go get the money.
I got both rooms on either side of us, so we don't gotta worry about eavesdropping assholes. How's that feel? You okay?
How's it feel?
They don't have anything except four walls and a roof, and that's all we need.
No.
No.
He didn't recognize shit.
What did I tell you? What did I tell you? Buy the road map and leave.
One... Two... Three.
When I count three, shoot out the bottles behind him!
Richie? You okay?
Shut up and start the car.
Start the car.
What the fuck is wrong with you --
What the fuck was that about?
He needs our help!
Actually, our best weapon against these satanic cocksuckers is this man.  He's a preacher.
Go out and bring it in. I feel a song coming on.
In that camper out there I saw a guitar. I take it that's yours.
How 'bout you?  You are safer in here with us than wandering around a Mexican border town all night long. Just don't do nothin' stupid and we'll all get along fine.  Scotty, you sure you don't want a drink?
