-- It's extremely unlikely that they had any idea what they were looking at.
It's a hoax.  I knew it!
Hope there's a cartoon.
Mike, because of the Earth's rotation we're only in line with Vega so many hours a day; the only way to get the whole message is to cooperate with other stations.  If Dr. Arroway hadn't moved quickly we could have lost key elements.
Michael Kitz, National Security Advisor.
So?
Tell me.
Still settling in, really.  Where's Dr. Arroway?
Now I remember why I went into theoretical work.  Kent.
For giving me a chance, just for a moment, to feel what it must be like to be you.
Nothing.  I guess I just wanted to thank you.
Ellie... we both know that if I was any kind of a man, I never would've entered this race.  That I would have told the President straight out:  Helen, Eleanor Arroway is naive and strident and an enormous pain in the ass... but she's got more courage and intelligence than the rest of us put together.  That more then anyone else on the planet, she's earned this.  And that she should be the one to go because she's the best we have.  But that's not who I am.  I like to think it's who I might've been if things had gone a different way; that I might have been worthy, really worthy of what I've been given...  You do what you have to do.  And in the end, as with everything, it comes down to power.  And it isn't fair...
Right.  Well.
You aren't staying?
They knew our level of development. If, as you say, they've done this many times they'd be well aware of the implications.
... Two years is still a hell of a long time -- and as far as we can tell there aren't any provisions in the machine design for storing food, water, even air...
Excuse me, I'm late for a meeting.
As of three o'clock this afternoon. I submitted my resignation.
Ellie... you should know that I'm no longer the President's Science Advisor.
I don't understand.
Actually I'm running late --
Ellie.
You were right, Ellie.  You were right all along.
We've cracked it.  Lunacharsky found it.
Interesting analogy.  And how guilty would we feel if we happened to destroy some microbes on a beach in Africa?
It's not a threat, Ellie, it's a fact -- if you're not careful, you may find yourself out in the cold very quickly.  Play ball.  Really. It's good advice.
I want you to listen to me, carefully.  The minute the implications of this message became clear, this stopped being simply a scientific matter and became a political one -- an extremely complex, extremely volatile one. There are forces at work here you don't understand; I can help you up to a point, but only up to a point.
Ellie --
Apparently he's genuinely interested in science.  This could be a chance to win him over.
The theological ramifications of all this are obvious; the President feels we need to include religious interests rather than alienate them. She's also named Palmer Joss as their liaison; he's requested a meeting with you.
... Arrangements also have to be made for the V.I.P.s coming in, mostly religious leaders...
Throw a gray scale on it; standard interpolation.
You must have checked the signal for polarization modulation already...
If it's attention you want I'd say you've got it.  Just one thing:  Why Vega? Everyone's looked at Vega for years with no results, and now, yesterday, they start broadcasting primes. Why?
It was a worthy experiment -- worthy of you; I was wrong about that part. But it's over now.
Then why haven't you detected any signals?  If, as you claim, there have been thousands, millions of advanced civilizations out there for millions of years then why hasn't one signal gotten through?  It'll take a month or two for the paperwork to go through; you're welcome to stay until then.
No... You're not.  But the price has just gotten too high.
The point is, this isn't just scientific inquiry anymore -- it's turned into some kind of personal obsession.
Meaning I have to go defend a budget to the President and to Congress and you're out here listening to washing machines.
It's not like you've given me much choice.
Ellie, I should have done this a long time ago, certainly before I left the N.S.F., but I wanted to give you every benefit of the doubt --
You know why I'm here.
Ellie...
Now exactly.  It's... complicated.
I'm surprised you even knew it was an election year.
Very well; since my appointment he's been made interim director.
Peter sends his regards.
No, thanks.
I disagree.
Two:  There's nothing out there but noble gasses and carbon compounds and you'd be wasting your time.
And only two probabilities:  One: there is intelligent life in the universe but they're so far away you'll never contact it in your lifetime --
I'm not.  You're far too promising a scientist to waste your considerable gifts on this nonsense --
I'm sorry, Miss Arroway, not only is it too Speculative a subject for a doctoral dissertation, at this point in your career it'd be tantamount to suicide.
