I don't know.  Ultimately their motives may be as incomprehensible as their technology.
Is it possible...?
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Thank you?
What would you have me say, David?
Good luck, David.
This... seemed best.
Maybe they are.  Maybe this is all part of the package.  The building of the machine has demanded international cooperation on an unprecedented scale.  Maybe requiring us to come together in this way was, in effect, part of the plan.
... I can't believe they wouldn't take something as basic as our biological needs into account...
You...
What?
I'm asking for your help, David.  I want to go.  They'll need someone relatively young, unattached -- and probably a scientist.  As the President's Science Advisor you have enormous weight... I'm asking if you'll support my candidacy.
David... I know we've had our differences... but I've always thought of you as a fair man, even when we've disagreed -- and It's in that light I'm hoping you'll consider my request...
It'll just take a moment.
Do you have a minute -- ?
David --
You mean --
What is it?  What's happened?
Ms. President, this is communist paranoia right out of War of the Worlds.  There is no reason whatsoever to believe the ETIs intentions are hostile.  We pose no threat to them -- it would be like us going out of our way to destroy microbes on a beach in Africa.
Are you threatening me?
I'm going to convert Mr. Science-is- the-root-of-all-evil?  This is absurd, David.  We have work to do here, I don't have time to play babysitter to the God Squad.
With me.
What?  Why?
Rotate 90 degrees counterclock wise.
... could it be a nested code of some sort?
It's hardly yesterday; the signal's been traveling for over twenty-six years.  As for why...  I'm hoping your own expertise in decryption algorithms will help us find out -- to see if there's another message buried deeper in the signal.
Mathematics is the only truly universal language, Senator.  We think this may be a beacon -- an announcement to get our attention.
David --
Goddamnit, they are out there, David --
The difference being what -- that I refuse to adopt the standard line, that I don't care about the results of my work?  Well, I do care.  Of course any discovery has to be verifiable, of course it must be subject to all rigors of scientific method, but I refuse to go around pretending I'm some kind of dispassionate automaton when it's obvious to anyone with a brain I'm just not.
I'm searching for patterns in the noise, that's all.  Order in the chaos.  I'm practicing listening --
Meaning...
You can't just pull the plug, David.
It's not enough having my search time systematically cut down -- you know I'm down to three hours a week now.
Did I tell you we've expanded the search spectrum?  We're including several other possible magic frequencies -- not just the hydrogen line anymore.  I was trying to get inside their heads, y'know?  And I started thinking, what other constants are there in the Universe besides hydrogen, and then suddenly it was so obvious -- transcendantals, right?  So we've been trying variations of pi...
No doubt.
'President's Science Advisor' -- so what, you just spend all your time jetting around on Air Force One now...?
Really?  Congratulations, by the way.
Oh?  How's he doing?
Pepsi?  Tequila?
Then disagree but don't stand in my way!
What if you're wrong?  No -- I'll grant you probabilities but as a scientist without all the evidence -- you can't deny the possibility -- and I believe even the remotest possibility of something this profoundly... profound is worth investigation -- and worth taking a few risks.
You're --
Dr. Drumlin, we are talking about what could potentially be the most important discovery in the history of humanity.  There are over four hundred billion stars out there --
I'm willing to take that risk.
Well --
Yes -- of course -- all I'm saying is, this message was written in the language of science -- mathematics -- and was clearly intended to be received by scientists.  If it had been religious in nature it should have taken the form of a burning bush, or a booming voice from the sky...
... And while its function remains, for the moment, a mystery, my best guess is that it represents a transport of some kind.
Because you cut it from the budget three years running.
It could be anything.  The first volume of some Encyclopedia Galactica...
How can that be?
And?
What?
Maybe it'll be at the end of the data when the message recycles.
A third layer.
What...
Dr. Lunacharsky...?
How's the spying tonight, guys?
I scanned it at Arecibo; negative results, always.
Put it on speakers.
I'm not sure.  You mind checking right ascension 18 hours, 34 minutes; declination plus 38 degrees 41 minutes?
VB10's an M dwarf; Signa Draconis... too old.
J39 Z186...?
I think we just hit the cosmic jackpot.
It's a civilian facility.
Okay, let's just slow down.  Pull up the starfield signal origin.
Thank you, Mr. Sensitive.  I'm coming at this wrong... missing something... something...
It's beautiful.
This is how you see the sky?
Nice.  Where?
Ellie.  Pulsar?
Dr. Cullers?
Because I can't.
-- but I don't believe it to be the truth.
Is it possible.  Yes.  But --
By our standards... yes.
I don't have the figures in front of me, but yes, that sounds about right.
There is no direct evidence, no.
I don't have an official response, Michael.  All I have are the same questions you have.
... I don't understand it.  All I can think is that maybe because the video gear wasn't accounted for in the original plans it somehow violated the integrity of the design.
That's terrific, but there's one problem:  we don't have the means to receive all the data on our own.
Pardon me, but you can't do -- !
And a hundred mile airspace.
-- which we'll also need the network's help to receive and decode!
You want to classify prime numbers?
This isn't a person to person call, Mr. Kitz.  I don't really think the civilization sending the message intended it just for Americans.
No.  Please.
Please -- if you... downloaded... everything about us you know the problems we face, the impact it could have -- it could make the difference --
But you said you wanted to help -- don't you see what it would mean?
But -- other people from our planet should see what I've seen -- they should witness this for themselves.
None taken... but ... do we get to come back?  Others of my kind, I mean.
No!  I mean... why so soon?
So.  What happens now?
... all those voices... you gather them all together.  Millions of intelligences in one consciousness... and now we're a part of it.
The librarian... or the library...?
Can you help us?
So we passed some kind of test?
The scale... it's just...  So all the civilizations you detect; they all end up coming here?
So who...?
And they all travel here through this wormhole subway system you built.
And those other docking ports I saw... I mean... there are others?
Why did you contact us?
Can you show me?
So who -- what -- are you?
But you're so... I mean how could you possibly...?  When I was unconscious.  You... downloaded... my thoughts, my memories, even...  This beach.  I've never been here but I remember... it's how I always imagined...  Pensacola.
So.  Are you an hallucination?  Or are little gear trains and circuit boards under your skin?
You're not real.  None of this is.
Dad... But tell me, how did... I mean how can...?
I used... I used to dream you were alive... and then I'd wake up and lose you all over again.
Okay.
Pensacola.
Okay, okay... there.
Could we hear God?
Could we hear to the moon?
Could we hear to China?
But what do I say?
I can't move any smaller.
Why don't you come back with me?
-- of Hadden Industries.
The systems integration site.
The gods sent us the machine because they took pity on us.
You sound like Joseph.  You think the world ends with the millennium?
What are you talking about?  It's over.
It looks like pixie dust...  Kent would've given anything to see this.  David, too.
What's that?
It's so... small.
Mr. Hadden, I'm a scientist; I don't make deals... But.  If you wish to give me, in good faith, access to your information, I can assure you that I will exert all reasonable efforts to promote your cause wherever it doesn't conflict with the best interests of science... or my better judgment.
And in return?
A machine.  But a machine that does what?
Some kind of circuitry...?
You're saying... there is no separate primer in the message -- because it's on every page so the recipient can decipher it wherever he is --
A page-break signal.  A period.
If I knew you any better I'd say that doesn't sound like you.
You've... found it.  What could I possibly have that you would want, Mr. Hadden?
I didn't realize I was out.
What kind of deal?
Why am I here, Mr. Hadden?
You live here.
S.R. Hadden...  You compromised our security codes.
You're implying that the whole selection process is a sham?
I thought you were here because you want to go.
I'd say this is slightly different.
We've just lived through a century of incredible violence and self- destruction.  Do you call it 'interventionist' when you stop a toddler from walking in front of a truck?
But the machine worked -- that's what I've been trying to tell everyone!  The tape -- it's all there, if they'd just look at...  ... the tape...
Peter... What is going on?  Has everyone gone completely insane?
How long was I gone?
Peter, what are you talking about? What malfunction?  What day is this?
Wait -- hold on a minute --
I'm -- I'm fine.
Like it.  Almost there.
That you, Valerian?
Someone tell me this is really happening.
You too.
Peter.
You sonofabitch.
I'm serious about this, Peter --
Right now -- we'll drive down to Ramey and get the base chaplain to marry us.
And you think I don't want those things?  You think I don't stay up half the night wondering if I've made the right choice living half a world away from you, wondering if any of this is worth what I'm giving up for it everyday?  Let's get married.
Please, you're just as ambitious as I am, more --
But the work --
But what about your research -- ?
Greenbank?
We could be together again --
Peter -- if you can get him to do that for me he'd obviously do the same for you -- we could -- !
The V.L.A.?
It's almost there.  The hardest part is getting someone to sell us the telescope time.
If we lived at any previous time in human history we wouldn't even have the option of failing -- we'd have to wonder our whole lives, unable to do anything about it.  This time, right now, is unique in our history, in any civilization's history -- the moment of the acquisition of technology.  The moment when contact becomes possible.  We've already beaten incredible odds by being lucky enough to be alive now.
... We've been going after some of the big multi-nationals but without much luck; got a donation from a New York dowager... We've even been thinking about selling T-shirts.
I've examined over forty stars of roughly solar spectral type but so far nothing.  Still, we've barely started...
Please.  Any chance of that died the day David Drumlin was appointed head of the N.S.F.  I have been in contact with a few other SETI people; we've been trying to find backing from private investors. I've even managed to scrounge a couple of hours of telescope time here and there...
... I keep telling myself okay, that's just the price, you have to do your time doing shitwork before you're allowed to get to the good stuff... but if I have to catalog one more quasar...  God, I've missed you.
'... is indistinguishable from magic.'
It's like the pre-Copernicans who swore the sun revolved around the Earth, or the Victorians at the end of the last century who concluded that all major discoveries had now been made.  I mean... try to imagine civilization a thousand years ahead of us -- then imagine trying to explain... I dunno, a microwave oven -- to someone even a hundred years ago -- I mean the basic concepts didn't exist...
... I'm just so sick of feeling defensive about the things I care about!  Or being lumped in with the lunatic fringe by people like Drumlin, when if they'd just put aside their preconceptions for two seconds and look at the facts...
What a coincidence.  It happens to be my fetish too.
I read your paper on ETI's.  It's brilliant.
Sounds like a Russian general.
Ellie.  Arroway.
He's an incredible prick but I never learned so much in my life.
... Drumlin said you're been down at Arecibo for the last year.
Something my dad -- they -- said. 'After all the suffering, after all the desolation of the void -- the one thing that makes the vastness tolerable is each other.'  The one thing that makes it bearable is love.
I'm not sure...  Maybe it simply exists in the search for it.  Maybe its something we have to make for ourselves.
I don't know.  If it was a god, it was searching for a greater one.  It was still searching for meaning...
In other words, God works in mysterious ways...
... but it is a good question, and I suppose I'll always wonder about the answer:  Why would they send me back without proof?
I want to, Palmer -- more than anything.  But it has to be real. It has to be true.
But --
It's not enough, don't you understand?  I know it happened -- but by every standard of science, by every standard I've lived my life by that fact is utterly beside the point.  It may be true but it doesn't matter because I can't prove it's real.
I don't have any proof, Palmer.
You're sure you want to?  In the universe I saw we're not exactly the stars of the show.  What happened to me makes us all seem pretty damn small.
They don't believe me.
So.  I'm assuming they sent you here to administer last rites?
Pretty ironic, huh?  I had to go all the way to the center of the galaxy... Just to find you.
I'm assuming you read my deposition.
Hi.
And yet that's always how I seem to end up, isn't it?  If you really do love me, Palmer, you'll leave.  Now.  Please.
I can't hear this now --
-- I don't know --
Don't you understand?  I just have to hold it together -- just until tomorrow --
Please --
Please, Palmer -- if you care for me at all, don't push this now --
I can't do this --
I'm sorry -- I can't --
I'm sorry.
I do seem to be... Maybe because I'm just a little bit terrified about tomorrow.
Thank you.
The final countdown.
I remember.  You were indelicate, indiscreet and entirely less than tactful... Sound like anyone you know?
How do you mean?
... Another question I would ask would be a very simple one.  How did you do it?  How did you evolve as far as you have and not destroy yourselves?
It's late.  We should go back.
It's getting late...
I don't know.  But as a scientist I have to consider that possibility.
Maybe the reason people are having trouble finding meaning isn't because science has obscured it... maybe it's just revealed it isn't there.
Did you ever stop to think that maybe that isn't science's fault, but meaning's?
I thought it was well-written. Heart-felt.  And a little bit naive... But that's just the enemy's perspective.
I'm more interested in the story behind the story... How a young man goes from living on the streets of South Boston to being the best- selling media figure rubbing elbows with the President.
Losing Faith:  The Search For Meaning In the Age of Reason. Catchy.
I read your book.
It's what my whole life's been... aimed at; the only thing that's given it a sense of purpose.
If you came back.  If you survived at all.  Which it's pretty certain you wouldn't.
Something like that.
If you came back.
In other words.
It's too... elegant.  The degree of economy is extraordinary; it's really the next logical step... Even on Earth technology has always aspired to a condition of nature. D.N.A. outclasses any computer we can come up with; the human body is the most exquisitely designed machine imaginable.
I don't think so.
Not exactly.  It has organic qualities, but we don't really understand how they're integrated with the mechanical systems.
I was referring to the selectees mingling with the selectors.
So.  Is this kosher fraternizing with the enemy like this?
Yes.  Very much.
I never knew my mother.  My father died when I was nine.
You may not believe this... but there's a part of me that wants more than anything to believe in your God.  To believe that we're all here for a purpose, that all this... means something.  But it's because that part of me wants it so badly that I'm so stubborn about making sure it isn't just self-delusion. Of course I want to know God if there is one... but it has to be real.  Unless I have proof how can I be sure?
And there's no chance you had this experience simply because some part of you needed to have it?
Can you try?
That's not doubt.  That's four hundred years of science fighting a billion years of instinct.  I always wondered what you religious types did with your free time.
I flinched.
And mind, yes.  What are you --
That's not faith, it's physics.  The second law of thermodynamics.
Very smooth.  It's Palmer, right? Where I came from a palmer was a person who cheated at cards.  Really though... the Bible describes a God who watches over one tiny world a few thousand years old.  I look out there and see a universe of hundreds of billions of galaxies, each with hundreds of billions of stars... I mean burn me for a heretic, but your God seems awfully small.
Well it's been a while, but I don't recall the Bible saying too much about alien civilizations.
What about you?  Doesn't all of this shake your faith at all?
I guess I would've felt sorry for the universe.
I'd say logic more than faith.  The odds were on my side.
Champagne please.
And where exactly does that put your position...?
For managing the truth.  But the truth won't be managed, sir.  It stops being the truth the moment you try.
I guess I'd say I trust us enough to believe our response would be something to the effect of, thanks for the advice, but no thanks.  But to dilute or censor the truth, for whatever reason --
You kill me, you really do.  The first truly global, a-political event in history and you can't wait to spin it.
Y'know what?  Fine.  I guess if we want them to know the truth about who we are there's no quicker way to show them.
Call it xenophobic paranoia.  Don't you see the absolute absurdity of this?  This isn't about them, it's about us -- our violence, our fear and mistrust --
I question the thinking behind sending the first ambassador to another civilization in armed -- basically announcing our intentions are hostile.
