Meaning...
Does that mean you think it doesn't exist?
In other words.
Maybe what you experienced can't be reduced to images on a videotape. Maybe they still plan to grant your request, only in their own way, in their own time... Or maybe it's just like you said:  ultimately their motives may be as incomprehensible as their technology.
Ellie... if you go out there like this -- if you admit to even the possibility that what you experienced didn't actually happen -- I'm afraid they really will crucify you.  Please.  For your own sake, for the sake of the world... tell them what you know to be the truth.  Tell them it really happened.
Have you seen what's happening out there?  The terror, the despair? The world is on fire, Ellie.  People need something they can believe in, something worthy, and you can give it to them!
Ellie, the only one holding you to that standard is you!  The people want to hear your story, they need to hear it!
Ellie, you're the proof.  You tell them your story.  Ultimately they'll have no choice but to believe you.
It also makes God enormous.  I think of the scope of your universe, Ellie... and it takes my breath away.  As it will everyone else's.
I do.
I'm not sure it's come to that.
It was quite a page turner.
Hi.
Ellie, there is no reason you have to be alone.
Do you really think your life is meaningless, Eleanor?  Is that why you're so quick to risk it -- because if your life means nothing then you have nothing to lose?
And then what?  Then you'll be safe?
I'm in love with you, Ellie.
What are my other options?  In fifty years?  Never?
What are you so afraid of?
What?
Ellie, what is it?
What is it?
What...?
Maybe that's okay.
You're trembling.
During the crusades -- pilgrims who made the journey to the holy land brought back a palm frond to show they'd actually been there.  I thought it sort of made sense that Earth is now your holy land, so...
Oh.  I brought you something.
So.  The final countdown.
Ellie... the last time we spoke... I said some things...
What if their answer is, 'Oh, that's easy.  A thousand years ago our world was in terrible shape, our population out of control, violent crime, no food... so we called a general council and decided to eliminate the anit-social.  The weak.  The sick.  The unwanted.  And ever since we've been doing great.'
An excellent question, Doctor.  But what if we don't like the answer?
Ellie --
What are you so afraid of, Ellie?
And yet you're willing to die for this cause, the one thing that's given your life a sense of purpose. Don't you see the contradiction here -- ?
Do you really believe your life is meaningless?
I don't follow.
I don't consider you the enemy, Ellie.  I'm not 'out to get' technology.  I only ask the question:  Does it have to have all the answers?  I look out there and I see so much emptiness... People are so starved for meaning, and it's something they just don't seem to be getting from science.
I won't deny I was ambitious.  When I had my... experience... I wanted to tell my story to as many people as possible.  I'm the first to admit that process included making some compromises.  You didn't answer my question.
What'd you think?
Really.
You're willing to die for this.
And everybody you care about would be dead and buried.
If you came back... you'd only be four years older -- but over 50 years would have passed on Earth.
Relativity.  Explain this to me one more time... even if you traveled near the speed of light, when you came back --
In other words, God is one hell of an engineer.
Why?
Maybe you're creating a monster.
Some of my best friends are scientists.  They're saying the machine is alive.
Some of my best friends are scientists.
Prove it.
Did you love him?
Do you love your parents?
Look, I'm a reasonable person, and reasonably intelligent.  But this experience went beyond both.  For the first time I had to consider the possibility that intellect, as wonderful as it is, is not the only way of comprehending the universe. That it was too small and inadequate a tool to deal with what it was faced with.
I had... an experience.  Of belonging.  Of unconditional love. And for the first time in my life I wasn't terrified, and I wasn't alone.
... It's an old story.  I grew up in South Boston, more or less on the streets.  By the time I was thirteen I'd tried my first hit of heroin, by fifteen I'd stopped using but I was dealing full-time.  By the time I was nineteen I decided I didn't want to live any more, at least not in a world like that.  One day I got on a bus; I got as far as Ohio before my money ran out, and after that I just kept walking.  Didn't eat, didn't sleep... just walked.  I ended up collapsing in a wheat field.  There was a storm... I woke up...  And that's about as far as words'll go.
Now you know.
Only a tiny bit.  Even the most devout believer is allowed a little doubt.
So if I let the pendulum go, when it swings back you wouldn't flinch.
And you believe this law with all your heart and soul.
Your 'faith' tells you that the distance a pendulum swings from the vertical can never get bigger, only smaller.
'My father's house has many mansions.'
How do you mean?
Spoken like a true believer.
And what would you have done if the odds had gone against you?
... What I'm curious about are the wilderness years.  You're out there all alone, no money, mocked by the skeptics.  It must have taken tremendous faith.
Make that two.
I'd have to say I don't know enough to have one yet.  For the moment I don't believe the two approaches have to be mutually exclusive.
I agree with Mr. Rank that there are unavoidable religious implications here -- but I don't think it justifies taking an alarmist position.  Dr. Arroway is right -- their chosen means of communication was a scientific one, and a scientific approach is probably appropriate, at least until the theological dimensions of the problem become more apparent.
