What?
Pull the plug.  Get her out of there.
Ellie?
Anything happening in there, El?
What?
That's one way of putting it.  Kitz, the President, the I.S.C. have shut down all official communications; there've also been reports of riots flaring up across the U.S. and Europe.  Until we figure out what went wrong things may get rough, especially for you --
What day?
It's all right, the important thing is you're safe --
Thank God.  When we lost contact, I thought -- we thought... but you're okay.  We're still trying to determine the nature of the malfunction.  Did you notice anything at all that --
Ellie -- are you okay?
Like it or not.
It's really happening.
It's good to see you, Ellie.
Ellie.
That is true.  But it's also true that if I really thought we wanted the same things, I'd follow you anywhere... but the truth is I don't think you want the company.  Be honest, El.  There's nowhere you'd rather be than sitting out at some remote corner of the world searching for the answers to the mysteries of the universe.  And call me crazy, but I just can't compete with that... I'm sorry.
Ellie -- I'm getting married.  Her name's Laura.  She came up to Owens Valley to do her post-doc about six months after you left.
Ellie --
Jesus --
Maybe that's the problem.  I want... a family, Ellie.  I want kids.  A townhouse on L street instead of still living like a college kid.  A real life.  Maybe that makes me a sellout but I don't care anymore. It's what I want.
'The work,' Jesus, Ellie, can't there just once be more to life than the work?  Okay, maybe that's the only way to get the recognition, win the prizes --
This is a chance to be of enormous help to other people's research -- to have the power to be a real advocate where David's got blind spots --
I'm going on staff at the N.S.F.  To work for Drumlin.
-- I'm moving to Washington.
Actually --
Thirty-one linked dishes.  You could search more sky there in a day than you could in a year here.
What if I said I could get Drumlin to agree to sell you time in New Mexico?
How close are you to getting this funding put together?
Ellie... even if you do manage to raise the money, have you thought about what it would really mean to follow through on this?  I mean a college fetish is one thing, but we're talking about your career. You won't be publishing.  You won't be taken seriously... and you could spend your entire life looking and never find anything at all.
And?
Any luck on the grant money?
'Any sufficiently advanced technology...'
They can't.  I think it's against human nature to admit to that level of... insignificance; to not see yourself as basically the center of the universe.
Keep it down, okay?  Drumlin thinks I'm enough of a flake as it is.  Look -- everyone here has their little fetishes.  Caven goes to topless bars, Vernon's got his carnivorous plants... mine just happens to be extraterrestrial intelligence.
Yavol.
Peter Valerian.
That's what they all say.
It's beautiful but it does get a little lonely.  Sometimes I think the reason we build these things in such godforsaken places isn't to avoid excess radio traffic but because we're all such pathetic antisocial misfits... Speaking of which:  How're you getting on with the old man?
