My brother.
You got my back.
We shouldn't buy a single slice, spend a single penny in that motherfucker till some people of color are put up in there.
He makes all his money off us Black people and I don't see nuthin' but Italians all up in there, Sylvester Stallone and motherfuckers.  Ya see what I'm saying, homeboy?
I'm trying to organize a boycott of Sal's pizza joint.  Ya see what I'm saying?
Check this out.  Y'know Sal's.
I like 'em, but you don't play anything else.
Is that the only tape you got?
How you be?
If I wasn't a righteous Black man you'd be in serious trouble. SERIOUS.
What do you want to live in a Black neighborhood for?  Motherfuck gentrification.
Who told you to buy a brownstone on my block, in my neighborhood on my side of the street?
Who told you to step on my sneakers? Who told you to walk on my side of the block?  Who told you to be in my neighborhood?
I'll fuck you up quick two times.
Not only did you knock me down, you stepped on my new white Air Jordans that I just bought and that's all you can say, "Excuse me?"
You almost knocked me down.  The word is "excuse me."
Yo!
Jade, I still love you.
So, in other words, you are not down.
Yeah, I asked him.  I don't want nobody in there, nobody spending good money in Sal's.  He should get no mo' money from the community till he puts some Black faces up on that motherfucking wall.
And I--we--want some Black people up.
Every single one of those pictures is somebody Italian.
Have you noticed something about them?
Y'know all those pictures he has hanging on the Wall of Fame?
Jade, you don't know this, but I'm organizing a boycott of Sal's Famous Pizzeria.
Why it gotta be about jungle music and Africa?
No, are you?  We want some Black people up on the Wall of Fame.
What did I tell ya 'bout dem pictures?
Boycott Sal's.  Boycott Sal's.
Sal, that might be fine, you own this, but rarely do I see any Italian Americans eating in here. All I've ever seen is Black folks. So since we spend much money here, we do have some say.
Two dollars!  Forget it!
Damn, Sal, put some more cheese on that motherfucker.
How much?
It's so nice to see a family hanging out together.
No.  I'm just a struggling Black man trying to keep my dick hard in a cruel and harsh world.
You the man.
I'm cool.  I'm cool.
Sal, how come you ain't got no brothers up on the wall here?
How come you ain't got no brothers up?
Mookie.
