You gold-teeth, gold-chain-wearing, fried-chicken-and-biscuit-eatin', monkey, ape, baboon, big thigh, fast-running, three-hundred-sixty- degree-basketball-dunking spade Moulan Yan.
Well, fuck you, too, and fuck Michael Jordan.
Keep dreaming.
Fuck you.  Anyway, Minister Farrakhan always talks about the so-called "day" when the Black man will rise.  "We will one day rule the earth as we did in our glorious past."  You really believe that shit?
Y'know, I've been listening and reading 'bout Farrakhan, ya didn't know that, did you?
Shut up.  The Boss!  Bruuucce!!!!
Eddie Murphy.
Magic Johnson.
You deaf or what?
What?
You talk to 'em.
Give dat bum a dollar for sweeping our sidewalk.  What do we pay Mookie for?  He don't even work.  I work harder than him and I'm your own son.
Pop, I don't believe this shit.  We runnin' welfare or somethin'? Every day you give dat bum--
You get paid to do what we say.
Shaddup, Vito.
You're still late.
Mookie, late again.  How many times I gotta tell you?
And that's exactly what I'm talkin' 'bout.
Be on guard.  Mookie has Pop conned already, so we have to look out for him.
I know so.  He, them, they're not to be trusted.
I know.
Mookie is not to be trusted.  No Moulan Yan can be trusted.  The first time you turn your back, boom, a knife right here.  In the back.
You listening to me?
Good.  Vito, you trust that Mook too much.  So does Pop.
Good.  I want you to listen.
I love you.
My friends laugh at me all the time, laugh right in my face, tell me go feed the Moulies.
Fuck you and stay off the phone.
Sez me.
Me and you are gonna have a talk.
Get the broom.
He's nuts.
Be right there, Pop.  Listen to what I said.
Pop, stop lying.
'Bout time, Pop.
Pop, what else can I say?  I don't wanna be here, they don't want us here.  We should stay in our own neighborhood, stay in Bensonhurst.
I'm sick of niggers, it's a bad neighborhood.  I don't like being around them, they're animals.
Then we could try something else.
Couldn't we sell this and open up a new one in our own neighborhood?
Pop, I think we should sell this place, get outta here while we're still ahead...and alive.
Turn it off.
Twenty minutes.  How come you niggers are so stupid?
Sal's Famous Pizzeria, yeah, two large pizzas, pepperoni and anchovies, hold on...  See, Pop, Mookie fucking talking on the phone and people are trying to call in orders.  He's making us lose business.
C'mere.  Don't get too friendly with da Mook.
Yeah, no more ninety-minute deliveries around the corner.
Here, take the broom.  The front needs sweeping.
Tell Vito.
I didn't want to come to work anyway.  I hate this freakin' place.
Vito, get a broom and sweep out front.
