May the Force be with you.
That's straight through the central core... up toward the top of the city... Once you've got her, avoid the main transports, they'll shut down immediately.  Your only chance is through the service shafts. There are no sensors there... All right now, get going, you don't have time.  I hope you can remember everything.
There is a greater risk in staying here, you know.  If you don't find the princess, then the whole trip was for nothing... wasn't it?
It's not good... unless I could find the Crystal.  Then it could be very good.
Darth Vader is on this system.  I can feel him.  I can feel the Kiber Crystal.
... and I want you to start cleaning the equipment out of the scan- shielded compartments.
All right then, we'll use your plan.
Check your data banks for all the information you have on Imperial procedures.  Both of you will have to learn...
You have your father's style.  You've done very well.
Fear is their greatest weapon.
Luke's got a point... ... Fear is their greatest defense... I doubt if the actual security there is much greater than on Aquilae or Sullust, and what there is is most likely directed toward large-scale assault.
A million at least... If this robot has information related to the destruction of Organa Major, you'll be able to name the reward...
I think there are some things we should talk about.
Well, for one reason, we don't have your other five thousand.
No, not anymore.
We have to find he rebels... What we're carrying belongs to them.
Well, now you know... The enemy is on the move.  We haven't much time.
The Empire must have gotten here first.
Well, we'll see...
I'm Ben Kenobi.  Luke Starkiller here is leading our expedition.
Keep it with you always.  You'll have more need of it than I.  It will bring the Force to you.  You've already learned to feel it... Now you must learn to use it.
You go after the princess. I am an old man and would be of little help.  I must try to find the Crystal.
See, once you let yourself go you can do it.  You'll get it.
Stop thinking, and start feeling. Let yourself go.
Try to feel it.  Use the Force...
I didn't say that, but it appears to be a logical alternative.
But she is the only link between us and the hidden bases.
What is it?
All you have to do is lose your thinking self.  Don't focus on anything.  Let your body do your thinking... You have to learn to act on what you feel, not what you think ... If I had the crystal, it would be much easier.  You could feel the Force immediately... but for now, let yourself go.  You'll pick it up... and someday you'll have no need for that pistol either.
I rarely use it any more.  I have the Force.  The Force is more powerful than any pistol.  You shouldn't put too much faith in that weapon.  Work on becoming aware of the Force... learn to feel its presence within you.  Try to sense what it's telling you.  It's the only thing you can rely on.
Yes... the Force... something horrible has happened.  I couldn't see what it was, or where it was, but it was terrible... terrible beyond description... the cry of millions dying at once.
Keep away, I'm fine, I'm fine.
These are doubtful times.  The Empire has grown bold in its disregard of the...
I doubt it.  It would be foolish for the rebel forces to come out of hiding. I know your feelings.  You'd best forget them.  It's for your own good. There will be no saving her from the prisons of Alderaan.  It's the heart of the Sith.  The Bogan Force is the most heavy there.
He's bluffing...
Five, maybe.  Let me handle it.
There are two halves of the Force of Others.  One is positive and will help you if you learn how to use it.  But the others half will kill you if you aren't careful.  This negative side of the Force is called the Bogan, which is where the expression came from, and it is the part that is used by the Dark Lords to destroy their opponents.  Both halves are always present.  The Force is on your right, the Bogan is on your left.  The Kiber Crystal can amplify either one.  The Crystal Darth stole was the last one in the possession of the Jedi.  When he joined the Sith, the power of the Dark Lords was completed.
They use the Bogan Force.
Yes.  It was a black day.  One of my disciple's took the crystal and became a Sith Lord.  It was a black day.  The few crystals that remain are in the possession of the Sith Lords on Alderaan.  That's how they've become so powerful.
I had one, but it was taken at the battle of Condawn...
When a creature dies, the force it generated remains.  The Force is all around us.  It can be collected and transmitted through the use of a Kiber crystal.  It's the only way to amplify the power of the Force within you.
A Jedi's power is measured by the amount of the Force that is stored within him, and I have little of the Force left in me.
Luke, I'm coming along to do what I can, but I'm tired and I'm depending on you to get us through.
It means you'd better get some rest. We'll be leaving for Mos Eisley first thing in the morning.  The trip will be difficult and dangerous, but it's the only spaceport with ships large enough to get us to Organa Major.  Now go on!
That is not a human decision, not your or mine.
It surrounds you and radiates from you.  A Jedi can feel it flowing from him...  ... from here!
Let's just say the Force is something a Jedi Warrior deals with.  It is an energy field in oneself, a power that controls ones acts, yet obeys ones commands.  It is nothing, yet it makes marvels appear before your very eyes. All living things generate this Force field, even you.
You were right.  It is my responsibility.  The Force of Others brought the message to you and then it brought you to me.
Not any more!
I already know you think you're worthless.  I recommend you learn to think of yourself in a better light, for what you believe you are is what you become.  I haven't been involved in anything like this for many years.
I'm afraid I've gotten too old for this sort of thing.
I know your intentions.  I probably know much more about you than you realize.  In many ways you're a lot like your father.  He was an indulgent man, but a clever warrior.  Now what brings you out here?
You could put it that way.
I know that.
I know who you are.  Stand up so that we can talk properly.  You're embarrassing me.  I'm not that important.
I don't see why.  I don't believe we've ever met.
I'm afraid it's been a long time since the White Legions roamed the stars.  But I have the memories.
You might say I'm part of the landscape here.  They call me Ben Kenobi.
Oh, so you're a warrior then?
You're lucky those Tuskens didn't boil you before they hung you out to dry.  They're not the friendly sort. You'd best be moving on before they come back.
Sorry, but that was the only way to get you down.
All of them altogether. You seem to have gotten yourself into a fine mess!  What happened?
Good morning!
