We'll be back before you are, old man.
I'm not going out there.
Don't look at me.  I'm just a pilot. I got you here... You've got to do the rest.
Is that good or bad?
What do you want with our scan-proof lockers?
I'll get the information.
We're going to get in by studying Imperial procedures?  I don't like it.
We're into the second perimeter. They'll be coming out to blast us shortly.  I was wondering if you had some kind of a plan or are we going to try to blast our way in?
Not bad.
I'm not afraid of anything...
Kid, you take the glory and the good intentions and I'll take the reward.
This isn't a game, you know.
Anything I want!  Now that's interesting.
How much do you think she's talking about?
I'm beginning not to like you.
Who's going to pay me then?
I'm not taking you on an impossible search across the galaxy... I was only paid to get you here and now you're here.  I'll take my other five thousand and you're on your own... I'll leave you on the nearest system.
Their bases are very well hidden. All the power of the Empire can't find them... Do you know where they are?
Well, I've brought you here.  What now?
The planet has been totally blown away!  It would have taken a thousand ships with a lot more fire power than I've ever seen... If the Empire had a new weapon that could do this... I would have heard something... I'd know about it.
You might get your stuff together. We'll be coming up on Organa Major soon.
I'm Han Solo, Captain of this vessel.  Who's in charge then?
What about us?  Are we to wait forever?  Is our reward to be blown to bits on this forsaken system, while your fleet mounts some suicidal attack on that Death Star? Part of my reward is that I be around to spend it.
I'd like to get paid before that eventually.  I don't plan to stick around for the fireworks.
I don't see how we're going to find anything out here.  This terrain is hopeless.
I'd better go see how he's doing.
Where are you taking us now anyway?
What's that little 'droid' carrying that's so blasted important?
Then I think we're due the reward you offered... and it had better be substantial after what we've been through.
Chewbacca, it's time we showed them this isn't the regulation F8-88 Cargo Trawler.
Was this trip really necessary?
Yes, your highness. I'll let you open it then.  It won't be too long before they figure out what happened to us.  This has turned into a brilliant escape!
I noticed you were having some problems, Blue Five... I thought I'd help.
I know, but the chances for survival here just aren't great enough in my book.  I've got what I came for. Now I've got to get back to my ship.
Well, if it's not, we'll be facing that Death Star all by our lonesome.
I don't pick up any life form concentration down there.  She'd better be right.
Get to the ship!
Move out of the way!
Watch it!  Move back.
No, he smells something... but we haven't time to worry about it now.
Not if this tunnel deadends.
Let's try this way!  Holy Maker.
I think I did.
This isn't going to work.
Good!  I prefer a straight fight to all this sneaking around.
You're good with 'remotes,' but how are you against something living?
Don't you believe it.
No, it's impossible... No one, and I mean no one would venture anywhere near the Alderaan system... I'm a free booter, not revolutionary.  You're aboard the wrong ship, son!
All right, all right! You've got a ship!  But where do we go from here?  They probably took her to find the hidden bases... I don't see how we can find the rebels before she breaks.  The Empire has already beat us out.
Why?
I found it... It's just not there.
Sorcery!  I believe in myself... I determine my destiny, not some mystical energy field.
I'd keep that thing close just in case, if I were you... I've been around from one end of the galaxy to the other and believe me this Force of Others stuff may make for good religion, but there is no substitute for a good weapon at your side.
It's automatic.
You got yourself a ship.  We can leave as soon as you're ready.
Organa Major is a rebel system. There will be quite a few starfleet patrols between here and there... It could be a little tricky if you want to avoid them... ten thousand.
