Otho?
He's your cousin.
Otho, you've got to help me get Maxie Dean up here.  I have a deal that could make all of us very comfortable.
That's fine, Otho.  Just keep me out of it.  I am here to relax and clip coupons.  And goddamnit, I mean to do it.
They're probably guilty about what they did to me.
Why not?
Let's hope he knows how to produce those damn ghosts for Max and Sarah... Because I've bought options on property all over town.  I need Max's financing...
What's he going to do?  Viciously rearrange their environment?
At least insofar as we have our first casualty.  Me.
We're going to have a lot to do tomorrow... The Goodwill truck is coming, and whatever is up there in that attic goes away with it. Should have it fumigated too.  I saw a fly today.
There's only one Chinese restaurant in town, darling, the owners are Irish and Irish people happen to cook Cantonese.  They don't know better.
Otho, why didn't you just come in the door?
Nonsense, everytime she says that, the paint peels, and some wild creature tries to kill us.
Otho, could you actually... do something with them?
I'll bring the wine... and the business plan.  And Lydia you'll bring the ghosts.
Delia will cook...
Now, let's get back to business. I want to get Maxie Dean and Sarah up here immediately.  I can make history here!  I'm going to turn this sleepy little backward town into a leading supernatural research center... and amusement park.
Look at all that <u>parking</u>!
Answer your mother.
The attic room is locked --
Lydia, I don't know what it is with you and these pratical jokes, but --
... sheets.
Yes.  Except when you creep around in your mother's --
Lydia.  What the hell is the point of my moving up here if you people won't let me relax?  Go help your mother.
Darling, can't you see I'm relaxing in here!
What?
... asked you for something, didn't she?  I'm going down to relax.  I want a noise-free zone. Do you understand?  Noise free.
Skeleton keys never work.  Anyway, this can wait.  We'll get a crowbar later.  Your mother...
Let me have it.
Lydia.  Try to be civil.  I'm going to see if I can set up a noise-free zone in the study.
Where is your mother?
Lydia, we're the first trickle! In a couple of years this whole town will be <u>filled</u> with people like us.
Lydia, relax.  We'll build you a darkroom in the basement.
What do you think, honey?
Are they suffering?
Otho, can you do it?
Great idea, Maxie!  Those Japanese could <u>run</u> it for us.  Build them a dormitory in the woods.  Listen, think right about it, will you? We've almost got the house ready, you bring Sarah with you and I'll show you.
Just a minute, Maxie.  Somebody...
No, no, c'mon, Max, you know me. I've got plans.  You gotta come up here and see, then I'll tell you about it.
Not <u>a building</u>!  That's the beauty of it.  I think I can buy the <u>whole town</u>.  These people don't know the value of their property!
