Yes I did.    Lose ends are messy.
I'm going to retire with a shit-load of money. Find me a small country that doesn't have an extradition treaty with the States and live the good life.
Hey, you're not exactly the most trustworthy guy in the world. I took a shot. It didn't work. Did you bring the tapes?
When this is over you can say whatever the hell you want. I'll be long gone. Besides, who's going to believe you? You're just a two-bit crook.
Yes I did.    Lose ends are messy.
I'm going to retire with a shit-load of money. Find me a small country that doesn't have an extradition treaty with the States and live the good life.
No. I have it. The lamp? The one with your fingerprints and her blood on it?  Remember?
Witness' can be convinced they made a mistake. Without the murder weapon the D.A. won't have enough to prosecute you.
A pass.
Where are the tapes?
You're fucked, Sami. You know it.   That's why you're here.
No. You killed her. Manager remembers you going into her room. Your fingerprints were found all over the place.
Okay.   Okay.    I believe you.
You think I'm going to talk to you until I know if you're wired.
Yeah.   I figured I'd be hearing from you.
Agent Hadley.
Yeah. He delivers the goods on Zammito. If we got what we wanted we'd let his brother go providing he tells us where the Van Gogh and the other paintings are.
We're talking Matisse, Renoir, Monet. We know for sure they replaced Van Gogh's "Vase with twelve sunflowers" last week with a copy. It was on loan from the London National Gallery and they're not going to be very happy when they find out about it.
Too many people know about my involvement in this.
What for? The minute I get him some other Gavone will take his place. I've been doing this for twenty years. When I retire it's not going to be to some trailer park in the suburbs.
Fuck Bastaldi and his brother. These tapes are gold. Do you have any idea what Zammito would pay to get them back?
I can't bring the Bureau into this.    If I do the tapes become evidence.
This is turning to shit. If word gets out of my involvement in this I'll go to prison.
You'll never get out of the city.
I'm your worst fuckin' nightmare. Now, if you don't want me to keep on hurting you, it's important that I believe you and right now I don't. So tell me, where did they go?
What?   This?
Where did they go?
Not today.   Where are your friends?
