Why do I have to pick up the tapes.
I'm just setting my boundaries.
I'm not any closer than you are.
Why do I always have to answer the phone?
Why not just steal another one?
She probably hid it at her place.    The six of us could find it in --
No one has mentioned the part of the plan about us getting caught and going to prison.
I agree with Marcel. I say we go to the airport and get on a plane.
Yeah.   We just go home.
No problem.
You're always pointing out my negative qualities. My analyst says positive reinforcement is a much more productive way of relating with people.
I'm not going to leave you.
I knew I should have driven.
This is the only American car you've ever driven.
I'm the driver.
I am not comfortable with this.   I'm not a good liar.
She took everything!    Didn't even leave us cab fare.
What are we going to do, take a taxi?
I don't know.     It's gotta be millions.
I'm talking about human beings communicating openly and honestly.
There's no reason to be abusive. You're projecting your anger on me as a defense mechanism.
A Black Panther was a member of an African American militant group in the sixties, Marcel. I think you're referring to The Pink Panther.
The papers for the car will arrive tomorrow.
It's yours. A gift. A gift you could give to your brother... or anyone you owe money to as partial payment.
You see that car?
I understand. The person who sent me wishes to help you.
I represent a person who wishes to remain anonymous, but is aware of your current financial problems with your brother.
Mr. Zammito?
I would like to thank you for your hospitality.  If you are ever in Paris here is my number.
How are we going to do that?
Although a cartoon I feel he shares a universal theme: We are all searching for love. No?
Oh, Pepe Le Pew. He is very funny and quite well known in France.
No thank you.
I am Raymond.     Thank you for allowing us to stay here.
Glenmorangie is very good.
J&amp;B?
The new Beaujolais' come out in France next week. You like wine?
He's right. Do you have any idea what Van Gogh's "Vase with twelve Sunflowers" is worth?
Julien, what you're doing right now is a very normal psychological reaction to stress. You're projecting your anger onto us.
It's simple. Bastaldi's moving up. He's closing down his operation and this is his way of saying thanks to all of us.
The money isn't here.
How do we know what room she's in?
What?
I think we went the wrong way.
Watch this.
Feel free to correct him if you want.
