I hate to ruin your fairy tale, but I've been paying Jess' rent for six months. She's got to keep dancing --
Take a few days --
Yes. Goodbye.
Not you. I want Ricky to answer.
What is it?
Yes, for expenses and such. Now, you'll be contacted on your pager as to where you should go. You each have been given an extra battery, so there is absolutely no excuse as to why a page would not be immediately returned. Am I making myself abundantly clear?
Do me a favor. Think about it. Is that too much too ask?
You're ready to move up. Christ, the way you busted up the place, you're doing worse already. May as well get paid instead of punished.
How 'bout this. If you're in, he's in.
You vouch for him?
I don't know the kid, and what little I do scares me.
That was before he lost my carpet cleaning van.
Ricky? Ricky 'I lost the truck' Ricky?
Ruiz wants to go alone, but it's not up to Ruiz. It's up to me, and I like a sure thing. Just go and we're square on the tooth.
We try something out. There's someone I'm in business with named Ruiz. I want you to accompany him on a drop.  Just as scenery. Ruiz has his boys. I just want a big guinea with a busted up face to give him a deep bench. As a deterrent.
I got a way we make everybody happy.
Now you wanna shut up and listen and hear what I got to say?
Don't I put food on you're table? I sponsor your training, I take care of your girl and her little baby. I even pay that deadbeat friend of yours to push a goddamn broom.
Who the fuck do you think you're talking to? This ain't a fucking democracy. You want out?
It's my fault. I send you out to watch scum drool all over the love of your life, then I wonder why you seered. It's my fault. The tooth is on me. But no more. I'm 'reassigning' you.
Bobby. You're a bull terrier and I got you herding sheep.
I didn't say that.
You're not driving Jess no more. Two strikes, Bobby, and this last one was big. The bachelor's father goes to my schul.
Not driving Jess, you won't.
Bobby, I love Jessica like she's my own daughter. I would kill anyone so much as lays a finger on her or her beautiful daughter, but that fucking pisher you socked in the mouth has the most expensive dentist in Beverly Hills and wants I should buy him an implant. Your silverback horseshit's gonna cost me eight grand.
They're fucking yeshiva buchas. You didn't have to tear up the goddamn place. You knocked out a guys teeth.
Last time, maybe, with the Puerto Ricans, but these were nice Jewish boys.
I like you, kid. Why do you gotta make it so hard for me to take care of you?
Never won a race. But it got me in with the trainer. We'd have a thing, I don't remember, some fucking thing. The jockey would raise his whip, it meant the fix was in, we'd all go running. People get greedy. First they bet small, they keep their mouth shut. Within a month's time, everyone and their brother was in on it. The odds would drop, I mean you could watch the goddamn board. It looked like a fuckin stopwatch, the odds would drop so fast.
A million. Easy.
Yeah. The blaze. I bought her in '66. Hired a trainer, stall, whatever it was. That horse made me over a hundred grand. In 'sixties' dollars. You know what that is today?
It's fixed. That's the only way to win. A sure thing. See that horse. The blaze.
Smart. Hard as hell to handicap. You know what I like? Hai Alai. Fast game. You know why I like it?
You bet the ponies?
You like the ponies?
And, as for you, Bobby, you just moved up a notch. Your days of fighting for crumbs is through. Take a week off, come back, and we'll talk about the next thing.
We're square.
I never intended to test you two to that extent, but you both came through. I should've been informed there was a flag on the play, but I'll take that up with Ruiz. I made a few calls back East. Those punks weren't tied in with anyone. As for the Welshman, he wasn't in on it. He was just plain dumb. As for you, Ricky, your draw will go towards a new carpet cleaning van.
Goodbye.
Because you lost my fucking carpet cleaning van and I don't like you.
So tell me how it is.
Tell me.
You can carry your keys. You will not mention my name or imply that you are in my employ. You will not speak to anyone while you are working. When you are not working, you are considered to be 'on call' and available twenty-four hours a day. This means you will not get drunk or do anything that will prevent you from operating in a professional manner. There is already a number in your pager's memory. It is a car service. When they ask you what account, you will respond: 'Cardiff Giant.' They will pick you up and take you anywhere you need to go. In other words, there is no reason why you should not reach any destination that you will be called upon to reach within fifteen minutes. Do you see a pattern forming?
What?
You will not carry any other pagers with you. You will not carry anything, for that matter, that I have not just given you.
That money is your per diem.
Yes. You're going to New York.
dollars in c-notes, a numeric pager, a double-A battery, and a first class round-trip ticket to JFK.
Go ahead. Open the fuckin things. You should each find fifteen hundred --
