You three are gonna meet him for dinner. Find out if and where. Now any of you motherfuckers got anything else to say?
Now listen. The gig couldn't be simpler. You carry the money to the Welshman, he checks it, hands you his marker, you're done. The washed money goes directly to Maxie. Long as you hand off the bag, you're tight.
Tom, the Welsh dude --
I didn't tell him shit. He worries too much. I love that old Jew, but he's gonna kill himself worrying. We started this shit, and we're gonna finish it.
Don't 'easy Ruiz' me. Y'all turned a Easter egg hunt into a butt-fuck-a- thon.  Bring me four eggs Benedict and a mimosa. You all want mimosas?
Jesus Christ, where the fuck you been all night? You look like you got shit out in the gorilla house.
Now that Limey motherfucker's jumpy and wants to change shit around on me. Maxie's gonna shit a Nokia when he hears about... Aw, shit, I better call him before he hears.
'Dis?' 'Dis?' You're not in a position to 'dis', or 'give props', or whatever your Real World sense of fucking decorum tells you to do. You're nothing. You're wallpaper. You're not here to make fucking friends. Asking a motherfucker where he lives. And who the fuck told you 'Red Dragon'?.
That's him. Now you all know the drill, right?
Last thing I want is you with a gun.
You think it's funny, motherfucker?
You think this shit's funny, Ho?
Jimmy? Ruiz. Pick up Maxie's guineas at LUNA and bring them to Spa.  Jimmy's bringing the car around. Me and Ho rode sleds. We'll meet you at Spa in the VIP room.
You rode?
Thanks, man. You need anything, you call.
Nigger, please. Don't even order that artichoke shit. West side guineas. Forget the drinks, Leo. We gotta roll. What do I owe you?
Yeah, bring us four fernet.
That's none of your fucking business.
What?
Will you tell Peter Jennings to shut up and fucking listen. The shit's as routine as you get. I coulda turned it over offshore in a week, but Maxie likes to do it all his way. Safe. I coulda dropped the bag alone. It's only two hundred G's. But he sent you all. So I can either send you home and tell Maxie, or we can flush the toilet one more time and hope it all goes down.
Shut it, man. Shut it. Tom is a square. He don't but dabble in shit. Maxie had me hook up a loan-back with him, through an Austrian passbook account.
Outfit? What's he talking about?
Four mimosas.  You'll love them. So here's the plan. I didn't say shit to Maxie, cause the man has acute angina, and I don't want to get him all worked up.
What the fuck was you told? Don't talk, right?
Far as she knows you're John Gotti. Now put the shit down and act like you got some ass.
What the fuck you think, I wanna 'hang' with you motherfuckers? Yeah you're working. And put down the champagne.
Maxie told you to keep your mouth shut while you're working, right?
Some fuckin guineas he sent me. It's midnight and the motherfucker's ordering an apertif.
What, motherfucker? You drinking 'the witch' after dinner?
