You're nothing!  You're nobody!  You're a stupid dream.  Well all dreams come to an end.
I didn't want it to end this way.  I wanted Hauser back.  But nooo.  You had to be Quaid.
Who gives a shit what you believe? In thirty seconds, you'll be dead. Then I'll blow this place up...
Impossible.  Once the reaction starts, it'll spread to all the turbinium in the planet.  Mars will go into global meltdown.--That's why the aliens never turned it on.
My friend, five minutes from now, you won't give a shit about the people.  Fire it up, Doc.
Not true, he's one of my best friends...He's got a big house and a Mercedes.  And you like Melina, right?  Well, you'll get to fuck her every night.--That's right.  She's gonna be Hauser's babe.
Don't take my word for it, Quaid. Someone you trust wants to talk to you.
Perfect, my ass!  --You pop your memory cap before we can activate you.  Then Richter goes hod wild, screwing up everything I spent a year planning. --Frankly, I'm amazed is worked.
The guy with the suitcase; the mask; the money; the message form Hauser...All of that was set up by us.
We gave you lots of help.  Benny here...
He wasn't in on it.  You set him off by going to Rekall.
That's what we wanted you to think. The fact is, Hauser volunteered to become Doug Quaid. It was the only way to fool the psychics.
You see, Quaid, none of my people could get close to Kuato.  The fucking mutants could always sniff us out.  So Hauser and I sat down and invented you: the perfect mole.
Don't be modest.  Kuato's dead; the Resistance has been completely wiped out; and you were the key to the whole thing.
Well, my boy, you're a hero.
Kill him.
Don't be an idiot.
Perfect!...Get out of Sector G.  Now. Don't think.  Do it.
Stop fighting and get out.
Great!  Because, otherwise I'll erase your ass.
Now let's get down to business.  Kuato wants what's in Quaid's head.  And he might be able to get it, cause they say he's psychic.  Now I have a little plan to keep this from happening.  --Do you think you can play along?
Who told you to think?!  I don't give you enough information to think!  You do what you're told!!  That's what you do!
I know that.
Because I've got the greatest job in the solar system.  As long as the turbinium keeps flowing, I can do anything I want.  Anything.  If fact, the only thing I ever worry about is that one day, if the rebels win, it all might end.
Richter, do you know why I'm such a happy person?
Listen to me, Richter, I want Quaid delivered alive for re-implantation. Have you got that?  I want him back in place with Lori.
Lori says he can't remember jack shit!
If I wanted him dead, you moron, I wouldn't have dumped him on Earth.
What the fuck is going on down there?!
