Ernie, dump him in a cab.  Around the corner.  Tiffany, you help him.  I'll destroy his file and refund his money.  And if anybody comes asking...we've never heard of Douglas Quaid.
Okay, this is what we're gonna do. Renata, cover up any memory he has of us or Rekall.
Oh shit....Oh shit...
Why not?
Use your head, you dumb bitch!  He's acting out the secret agent role from his Ego Trip!
What the fuck is going on here?!  You can't install a simple goddamn double implant?!
I'm with an very important client.
What is it?
What's he talking about?
I don't wanna spoil it for you, Doug. Just rest assured, by the time the trip is over, you get the girl, you kill the bad guys, and you save the entire planet.  Now you tell me.  Is that worth three hundred measly credits?
Aaah, let me tantalize you.  You're a top operative, back under deep cover on your most important mission.  People are trying to kill you left and right. You meet a beautiful, exotic woman...
You're gonna love this. --We offer you a choice of alternate identities during your trip.
You.  You're the same.  No matter where you go, there you are. Always the same old you.  Let me suggest that you take a vacation from yourself.  I know it sounds wild, but it's the latest thing in travel. We call it an "Ego Trip".
Whatever you say...Just answer one question.  What is it that is exactly the same about every vacation you've ever taken?
Smart move.  Now while you fill out the questionnaire, I'll familiarize you with some of our options.
You're talking ancient history, Doug. Nowadays, traveling with Rekall is safer than getting on a rocket.  Look at the statistics.
I'm telling you, Doug, your brain won't know the difference.  Guaranteed, or your money back.
As real as any memory in your head.
First of all, Doug, when you go Rekall, you get nothing but first class memories: private cabin on the shuttle; deluxe suite at the Hilton; plus all the major sights:  Mount Pyramid, the Grand Canals, and of course...  Venusville.
Let's see...the basic Mars package will run you just eight hundred and ninety-nine credits.  That's for two full weeks of memories, complete in every detail.  --A longer trip'll run you a little more, cause you need a deeper implant.
Okay, you're the boss -- Mars it is.
To be perfectly honest with you, Doug, if outer space is your thing, I think you'd be much happier  with one of our Saturn cruises.Everybody raves about 'em.
Right.  Mars.
Now help me out here, Doug.  You were interested in a memory of...
Good to see ya. Right this way.
Doug...Bob McClane.
