And how the hell are we going to do that?
How much more do they need than your death at his hands?
It's not, baby. Just a matter of minutes now, before somebody pulls the trigger --
-- bullshit --
-- Price killed her, there's no other explanation --
Not yet.
It's complicated. But don't worry --
-- or might turn out to be -- very big surprise -- that Jenzen girl. The little bitch has the right stuff. She nearly put a bullet in Price right after your "demise."
"But you didn't, Ma'am. We have all these witnesses that saw..." well, whoever it ends up being that finally shoots him --
Still alive, but it's just a matter of time. And then will come your miraculous resurrection --
Convinced all those that needed convincing: you're an official dead lady.
Easy. You've got to keep still for a bit, the last thing we need is a coronary.
I'm confused.
Not too big on it myself -- but then again, not on marriage either.
If that's the fact, Price, okay, you've had your fun -- now open the goddamn --
If you don't calm the hell down I'm gonna strap you in for electro-shock!
Jesus H. Christ!
Why in God's name wasn't this thing removed years ago??
Pritchett, take it down a couple hundred decibels, what is your problem?
I'm moved beyond words.
More of Price's spook-house bullshit.
If you don't mind me asking... Who are you?
Don't think it'll be a problem.
Now what do we do? We've got to hold him somewhere 'til the police --
No. I'm going back to try and find Ms. Marr. If she's hurt, I'll tend to her. Dead, then I'm coming back for him.
Something just must've...frightened her, that's all.
Oh, for chrissake --
More to the point. Where's our host?
If there really is someone else in this house, I think the four of us can handle the situation.
Oh, really: who?
-- what was he doing here?
I'm sorry --
I don't know!!
Accidents. Fatal. Each of your prior wives, so we've been informed.
Three times, to be exact.
Is she alright?
Ms. Marr!
There must be some other way out.
I got an engraved -- literally -- invitation -- with my name --
Donald W. Blackburn, M.D.
What are you playing here, Price?
I'll stay, if it'll ease your mind.
-- I did: down here.
Yeah, me too.
Put it this way: if it's your face on that tape, Mr. Moses, we're one gunshot away from solving all our problems --
If this is someone's idea of a joke --
Nice touch, Pritchett: subtle.
