Okay: this may sound crazy, but --
But they didn't see it happen, they still have doubts. What we need is another body, and Steven's bloody hands right next to it!
-- but nobody has yet, Donald. They just haven't been brought to that breaking point. They have to believe proof-positive that their lives are in danger.
-- the whole thing is falling apart!
-- there's plenty: for all we know, Steven's got her spying on us right now --
So we don't even know if she's alive or dead --
-- there's already been way too many complications for a very simple plan. You ever find out what happened to Melissa Marr?
So what stopped her?
-- the James Dean wannabe with the hair trigger --
-- "oh, no, Officer, I'm very much alive -- just a joke to beat my husband at his own clever game -- What? What do you mean he's dead? It's all my fault, I may as well have killed him myself!"
And what's Steven's status?
You're the Doctor, sweetheart. 'Guess the atropine worked, then.
No need for divorce and that messy division-of-assets thing when they kick before you do.
Oh, he's got no problem with that: I'm his fourth.
We'd've been splitsville years ago, with me the richest single woman in recorded history -- but Steven doesn't "believe" in divorce.
Take a bow, Steven, you've outdone yourself tonight -- scared holy hell out of even me.
Steven??
No. OhmyGod, Pritchett was right -- The house <u><b>IS</b></u> haunted.
-- wit...nesses --
-- what...are...you...going...to --
Steven --
Funky little house, ain't it?  Friends, your hostess is now going to retire for what's left of the night. If you need me, I'll be in the bedroom upstairs -- but try and fight that need: the door'll be locked, I'll be trying to sleep, and if anyone so much as breathes in the keyhole, I'm gonna empty this thing into their fucking head. Thank you all for the bestest birthday a girl could have.
Question answered.
-- thank you! All the cards finally on the goddamn table!
-- oh, for chrissake, that's a given; we all know that knocking me off is the bottom line here --
-- and who's next on your list?
I mean, did she stage it all for you and then go hide -- or did you just flat out kill the little bitch --
Game, set and match, Steven. You've outdone yourself. And I know it's not good manners to ask the magician how he did it, but inquiring minds are desperate to know: just what did really happen to Ms. Marr?
Stalking the wild poltergeist.
Fine with me. Just somebody then better go and round up Melissa Marr.
And where are we off to, Mr. Price? Check the wiring on the animatronic Mummies?
So how's a girl to know if these things are loaded, baby?
Must be getting old, Stevie -- you're repeating yourself -- this is the exact same set-up you used for the Son-Of-Sam Hunt back in '94.  Girlie, open up that casket there and see what you find.
-- the sadistic prick --
Really? Well, let it rip.
Sure it wasn't. Hey, anybody else here make their living with thrills'n'chills for the kiddies? Don't raise your hands all at once.
My guests were shredded. It's your sick little scene now, Steven: enjoy. I'm going to go run scalding water on the places you just touched me, and then I'm calling a cab.
You're hurting me.
Which part of that fantasy turns you on most: me with other men -- or just the other men?
All accidents until proven otherwise.
It you really loved me, Steven, you'd find a way to drop dead in the next three seconds.
What are you talking about? You think I invited them?
Then who are they?
I guess it was stupid of me not to expect something this twisted from you. Well, congratu-fucking-lations, Steven: Round One, you win.
I gave you a goddamn guest list two pages long -- where the hell are they?
Could we have a word?
Haven't they already?
I'm not laughing, Steven.
Don't touch me!
Oh. You think this is a request. Well, think again. I'm telling you: "Haunted Hill" is exactly where we're having my party this year. You'll find the guest list on your desk by the time you get back --
