I think one of you has been part and parcel of making this situation!
Didn't catch his or her name, just followed them down here. Somebody all in white surgical gown.
Running all the bells and whistles we set up to scare hell out of everybody --
Upstairs, too. Come with me, I'll show you another body, a friend of mine named Schecter --
-- she's not dead! Just have to get her heart pumping aqain!
Where is it??
Can't imagine by who. I don't suppose the truth would interest you: that I've never had another wife but Evelyn.
Excuse me?
Even if I were inclined, I've had better -- and a lot safer -- opportunities to kill off a wife.
What?
Melissa!
Well, until that's found, I think it's a good idea we all stick together.  Or wouldn't that fit into your plans, baby?
-- I'm sure you did.
You're not my list.
Just for the record: what are the rest of your names?
A very, very scary game. But then look at the bright side: if there's only one of you still upright at dawn, you'll be leaving here with five million dollars in your pocket.
Pritchett, you're not joining this necktie party?
-- yeah, we did that --
Adrenaline -- in your bag, Blackburn, you must have --
Prove it how?
Married. Once. Same woman. All these years. She just slithered up the stairs.
Evelyn, could you just zip it for a moment? It looks like we're stuck here 'til morning -- let's make the best of it.
I'll meet you down there.
Yeah. But, hey, anybody who's not "comfortable" with the rules, you're free to walk, anytime. Seven digits poorer, goes without saying.
The second the sun hits tomorrow morning. Assuming you have stayed the entire night - and you're still alive, of course. Any other questions?
Right here, Mr. Pritchett. As well as five other bona fide, bank drafts for one million dollars each. Made out to cash.
Evelyn... Get up... NOW!
No...
-- witnesses to what? You're already dead, Evelyn! Happy Birthday, baby --
-- just what you wanted everyone here to believe in the first place: I'm going to murder you, Evelyn, with the greatest of pleasure --
-- anything, sweetheart, you need only speak --
They weren't loaded when I put them in there!
Jesus!
-- that wasn't my original plan, but it is starting to look more attractive --
If I had one, Evelyn, I think you know who'd be first and last --
-- I pose you the same question --
Asking the wrong person again.
Where is she?
A simple leak, if it's okay with you.
Only one way I can think of, Sweetheart.
What are you talking about?
-- in the act.
Oh, no-no-no -- much more bang for everyone's buck to nail the bitch --
Huh. And here I had a completely different theory.
-- asking the wrong guy -- wasn't me who closed it.
Now, there's the simple country gal I married. Let's go back down and greet your guests -- show them the real you: corny as Kansas on the Fourth of July.
I know.
-- just not always in the sexual sense.
You know everything you do gets me hot.
You know how happy I'd be if that was really true, Evelyn? And how positively goddamn delirious if you weren't fucking every living thing in our area code at the same goddamn time!
Finding ways for me to die at these things is really your deal, isn't it? The "O.J." knife with the not-quite- retractable blade? Your "Jim Jones Kool- Aid" that was exactly that?
Sure know it wasn't me. And if you say it wasn't you -- then who the hell did, Evelyn?
You tell me. I don't know how you managed to hack into my Mac, but: bravo.
Well, not quite. See, those people down there: they aren't the ones I invited.
Shredded. Sorry. Decided to whip up one of my own: a group so hungry for money that they'd be willing to do anything. I thought you'd be more comfortable with your peers.
Oh, I think we're going to have several.
You shouldn't be -- you were nearly just killed, sweetheart.  And now that our birthday girl is finally here, let the games begin!
I'm impressed: I don't think Evelyn's ever said those words to anything with genitalia.
-- forget it. Last birthday the Manson Family Ranch, the year before that: Jonestown.
Maybe if I --
Like what?? This isn't supposed to be happening!!
I've designed and built six of these places -- take my word for it, everything's fine.
I wouldn't be opening this place tomorrow if every single thing down to the beheaded Beanie Babies hadn't tested 100% safe.
I think it's something better experienced then described.
Ever seen one that starts at the top? 20 stories worth of top?
Absolutely. No cheap thrills. A genuine Journey To The Brink Of Madness.
My wife. Where were we?
He was right! Pritchett was right!
Or somebody wanting me to believe that.
Thank God -- I was afraid I'd be lynched without a quorum.
I think, Pritchett, we've got a situation here that even you can't explain away as "ghosts." This is ice- cold homicide by person -- or persons --
What?
Must be those plates -- interfering with the signal somehow.
-- even if I give you a million as well?
I think you're gonna miss the bash of a lifetime --
Sorry, Pritchett, here you go.
Alright, Mr. Pritchett, let me just sign the damn thing.
She's been marked for it. The House does that. Happened to Pritchett's father. Likely happen to you all. Isn't that what you told me, Mr. Pritchett?
Please! I need your help.
Then tell me, please -- help me...!
-- listen to me, goddamnit --
-- I'll take the chance, come morning and cops, I'll be proved right --
Don't test me, I'm real prepared to use this to stay alive --
Well, I can't, sweetheart.
Then just wait -- maybe this whoever's got you next on the Asylum's equipment- test list. Maybe a literal mind-blow inside the "Saturation Chamber."
I was chasing after somebody I saw in the salon.
Not just yet. Would any of you be interested in knowing exactly why I ended up here in the basement?
I was upstairs!
-- no -- that's when everything went ragtime -- whoever else is in this house has been doing everything since -- I thought it was Evelyn --
I think I'll do what I damn well please.
Something with the power, I don't know!!
I'll try not to remember to warn Evelyn.
Sorry.
-- I wouldn't worry, Ms. Jenzen: the unexplainable will probably explain herself before too long. In the meantime, let's all relax, have a drink, the evening's young --
Very good. Well, I think I can say with complete honesty: I've never heard of any of you.
Oh, sorry. Detail I guess I forgot to mention. You die, you lose. Your check gets divvied-up by those still amongst the living.
You're forgetting my lovely wife; she's part of the same winner-take-all as the rest of you.
Don't take your eyes off her for a second. I think she just declared War.
No. Somehow -- I don't know how -- she did it.
It works.
Then who did??
Rewind that.
I mean, not that it didn't give Evelyn the kind of coronary I had in mind, just...
-- hey! Next time give me a couple seconds notice before you wing a gag like that!
So disengage his Flail Arm Mechanism and just make him a screamer.
Problem where? Looked good to me.
Evelyn, go stir your cauldron or something for a sec.
