Oh dear.
It was on my Dad's list of "things to do." But the House did him first.
Problem? No problem -- just want to get my money and get on home -- you know, things to see, people to do?
Mr. Price? Mrs. Price? Somebody? Hello??
Part of the original structure. When it was still an asylum. Guy who ran the place -- Dr. Vannacutt -- found it "inspirational." From some German cathedral a million years ago: "Driving the Demons From the Mind."
Not at all!
Name's Pritchett. Watson Pritchett. I own the house, my father built it. And now I just need to get you into it. So...
Over here!
Up here --
Me? You've gotta be kidding.
Hail Mary, full of grace -- the house is growing!
Okay -- I'll admit it: I'm totally, clinically insane. But I'm still the only one who actually got a check tonight. It's yours -- if you just get me the hell out of here now.
Uhhhh...
Poor Mr. Price --
What's life, anyway? Waves...? Sound...? Light...? Electricity...? I don't know... Phone lines...?
Price didn't make the guest list... The house did. It wants vengeance.
The...Fourth of July.
Yes.
Left, goddamnit!
New wrinkle on an old theory for treating schizophrenia. 19th Century, I think: what would drive a sane man mad should make a madman sane. The Vannacutt version was: bombard the patient with aural and visual stimuli far more frightening than any hallucination they could ever produce, it'd traumatize 'em back to "normalcy."
Hell NO!! The House will kill ya!
The Soul of the House. Everything that's corrupt about it... My father trapped it in there just before he died. You see, he purchased the house to restore it... We were going to live here... Nothing can live here. I was just a kid... The first time I saw it, I thought it was beautiful... It was just a dark mist turning into the corner of the room... then it started to move... then death started to happen... First the workers.. six in all... then my father...
Nothing.
-- but I imagine we'll all be mutilated beyond recognition by then.
A cleaning crew's supposed to arrive at 9:30 tomorrow morning -- I think the power of the house fades at dawn.
I lied. The House is alive and we're all gonna die.
You'll never know 'til you walk through that door!
Nonsense! Just bad press. All the deaths that occurred inside -- my own father's included -- all perfectly normal fatal accidents.
I'm just the Greeter -- and in that capacity, I now urge you all strongly to --
I am.
Vannacutt!!
-- then I guess then it had to be you. Sorry.
House 2, Guests 0.
I remember...it was a long time ago...my father said: when the House was finally completed, make sure...we-christen-it- with-this-bottle-of-dirt-cheap-champagne- that-should-still-be-in a cupboard somewhere!
I think...I may have the answer.
Not the plates: the House. Why is no one listening to me?? It's alive!  And once it's made up its mind, it won't let anything out.
Wouldn't know what to do with it all --
-- my loss --
-- it's getting older by the second. Mr. Price, if I could just please have --
I'm ready now.
I can't remember at the moment.
-- ten.
He must've unsealed the room!
Oh, dear.
He would have been back by now.
Blackburn's dead.
I thought you understood.... It's the souls of Vannacutt's dead... The insanity... The horror... Victims burned alive... All that pain percolating somewhere in the house for seventy-some years...  ...singing this will be the day that I die... This will be the day that I....
This? This is nothing. You've only been dealing with the House itself. You have no idea what you're tinkering with. Sooner or later, the darkness that is at the core will get out... One of you will release it... Not meaning to, of course... then...  ...Bye, bye, Miss American Pie...
Accumulated evil... festering for decades...  But I'm a drunk... so don't listen to me.
Not ghosts... at least not what you're thinking... Vannacutt used to dump the bodies of his failed experiments somewhere in the house...
I said we shouldn't come down here. Very treacherous -- physical and metaphysical levels, both. There've been no refurbishments to this part of the house -- it's exactly as it was in 1931.
You'll never find it, it's a maze down there.
The basement -- but, believe me, you don't want to go down there.
Believe me, we need to.
Won't do any good.
Hasn't been a telephone in this House in over 60 years.
Don't know that it does.
Oh, no.
I can't comment until I get paid.
He must've beaten us all here!
Wish I could take the credit, but --
It better be -- he still owes me $25 grand for renting the place for the night! Here, let's get you some illumination so you can make your way safely!
