C'mon.
-- the "Saturation Chamber." Where he wanted to put me.
More the merrier.
Yeah...something.
-- uh, excuse me, just one quick question? How long before this damn thing unseals itself?
Looks like we're it.
What?
I don't do groups.
Yeah. And under other abnormal circumstances, I think this would be the time to seriously jump your bones.
Run.
All the plates sealing the windows and doors -- there's got to be some way of raising them manually. They didn't just appear out of thin air -- there's got to be pulleys, cables or something, that make them go up and down.
No. It's just trying to frighten us.
The opening's still too small, we'll never get through!
-- was that??
We're safe?
He's dead...?
He's gotta still be down here.
It'll have to do.
What about that other guy?
Or an on-line computer.
Everyone that was invited is related to one of the staff who was here when the place burned. There are five of us...
Holy shit! Now we know how the guest list was made up. Look, these names... Head Nurse, Ruth-Ann Stockard... Bjorn Jensen, Electro Therapy... Jasper Marr, Thomas Steven Price... They're all here!
Cheery looking bunch.
Maybe there are notes or drawings of this place, showing how those plates work.
Let's try down here...
Back where?
-- listen to the man --
-- where the hell were you?
I was upstairs with Eddie --
You're starting to sound like Pritchett.
-- no. The basement -- the room with all the controls to this thing: big long iron levers just lying there --
It's a thousand years old -- we just need a crowbar or something to get leverage -- the sucker'll pop!
We can do it...
No -- keep pulling, it's moving!
An answer, I hope: exactly what -- or who -- Melissa was taping.
Hey, if everybody's gonna kill each other, could you do it in another room? I'm trying to get something accomplished here.
No...not air --
There's always exceptions.
Why not?
I told you already: Jennifer Jenzen, Executive V.P. of --
What? Deep down inside?
You need to get out more.
Thanks.
This whole place can't be wired to just one circuit --
Three steps forward -- I want to get up there.
Don't push it.
And you're not really as large and useless as you seem.
Is she...alright?
...wow....WOW! Hey, Ms. Jenzen -- ?
What?
No, no, it's just --
I was in the middle of --
Messenger just dropped it off. No return address.
I don't know, Ms. Jenzen.
Not even for a million dollars, Mr. Price.
Don't think so. Stay the fuck back.
-- no more --
-- confirming everything we already know --
I'll take my chances.
Well, I don't.
Fascinated.
If you've got a gun on you, Price, I'd hand it over now.
I never saw you --
-- the window and door grates --
I...don't think...anybody should be touching the body.
What is it??
Good way to get your head blown off.
This is all maybe getting a little too strange --
Jennifer-Jenzen-Executive-V.P.- Paragon-Pictures.
What're you talking about?
Yeah. Why's there five checks? There's only four of us.
-- hey! --
How, he's supposed to be dead!
Pritchett: what is going on?
Price!
Excuse me?
You coming, or are you waiting for Blackburn?
Pritchett, what is this "core of darkness"?
There is something very not normal going on here!
And you think it's in there?
Ghosts killed your father?
You should really open this place to the public, Pritchett -- a spa for people without enough stress in their lives.
Well, that leaves you with two options then, doesn't it: either show me where and maybe we get out of here -- or it's spend-the-night-sleep-tight.
No, you don't want to go down there. I am going down there. And I'm going to find <u><b>reverse</b></u> on this thing and floor it.
Pritchett, this "lockdown" thing -- it's gotta have like a master control -- you know machinery, gears, whatever -- somewhere in this place?
Uh, excuse me? Don't think I'm not having the time of my life watching this train wreck that's your marriage -- but this isn't what I had in mind... I want to know that we can get out of here if we need to.
Why not?
Well, then, how 'bout maybe we call someone?
What's going on?
Of course he did, for God's sake.  Didn't he, Mr. Pritchett?
-- guess we know where Mr. Price is now.
But the million bucks each, that's for real?
-- I'm coming --
Keep talking, I'll find you!
Melissa, it's Sara -- is that you?
Melissa...?
-- Eddie!!
