Also extraordinary things.
Also you're too valuable to experiment with.
Put it this way.  Rolls Royces are made to last -- as least they were. But I'm afraid you're a Ferrari. A high strung racing car -- built to win, not to last.
Wouldn't obstruct replication, but it does give rise to an error in replication, so that the newly formed DNA strand carries a mutation and you're got a virus again... but all this is academic -- you are made as good as we could make you.
We've already tried it -- ethyl methane sulfonate is an alkylating agent and a potent mutagen -- it creates a virus so lethal the subject was destroyed before we left the table.
Because by the second day of incubation any cells that have undergone reversion mutation give rise to revertant colonies -- like rats leaving a sinking ship.  The ship sinks.
The facts of life.  I'll be blunt. To make an alteration in the evolvement of an organic life system, at least by men, makers or not, it fatal.  A coding sequence can't be revised once it's established.
Come here.
I'm afraid that's a little out of my...
What's the problem?
Would you like to be modified?
And what can he do for you?
I'm surprised you didn't come to me sooner.
Here's your check, my boy.  Thank you.
Oh?
All pertinent information is being fed into your departmental computer, an Esper 231 -- I believe -- and a photo over-lay packet is being produced.
And how is it one man will be able to cover so much ground?
How many questions does it usually take, Mr. Deckard?
Memory implant.  She was programmed. But I think she has transcended her conditioning.  I think she was beginning to suspect.
How many questions did it take?
The machine works.  She is.
Well?
Sitting next to you.
Like you said, Mr. Deckard, a machine can be a hazard.  The Voight-Kampff scale is a machine, isn't it?
But in your profession that is a risk.
Have you ever retired a human by mistake?
May I ask a personal question?
Capillary dilation of the so-called blush response?  Plus fluctuation of the pupil, plus involuntary dilation of the iris?
Is this to be an empathy test?
Black?
