Quite.
I'm flattered you think so.
A situation?
I see.
Of course.
I take no account of gossip, Your Highness.
I don't think I've had that pleasure.
Your Royal Highness.  What a pleasure to see you here.
But others will know that you acted for the greater good.
In time, she will.
For once in my life, I am not the issue.
No love.
The greasy pole.
They aren't as watchful as you.
See what?
She trusts you, John.
The truth is, the Queen would be safer doing her duty and returning south to her public.  John Bull loves her and John Bull is her best defense.
Ah, but therein lies the paradox.  It is her very isolation that encourages the malcontents.  The longer she is away, the stronger they become; and who, honestly, can promise security against that?  However many doors you lock, someone will always get in. Even here.
You will not be unaware of the threat now posed by Republicanism.
No other aspiration?
But yourself?  What about John Brown?
For Her Majesty.
To have achieved one's ambition, or to have reconciled oneself to its limits, is a lifetime's work.
Then I envy yo.
Was there never ambition?
Surely --
The look on their faces when one walks into the room.  Still gives one a ridiculous thrill.
Oh.
Still, someone must attend you.  Your wife should not have let you out.
You're injured.
Forgive me, I've called you out and you should have been resting.
Princes and Lords are but the breath of kings, An honest man's the noblest work of God.  You must miss such magnificent views.
I've been called back to London.  My last day.  I thought I might take a walk on Lochnagar.
Quite.
To shoot perhaps, but not to kill.
Occasionally.
I am a blank sheet.
A man can refuse only so many invitations from his Queen.  It was remiss of me not to come earlier.
Oh, several things.
You've seen the latest cartoon in Punch, I take it?
Not at all, Dean.  Good of you to spare the time.
Yes.
No, ma'am.
Forgive me, ma'am, I cannot speak for the nation, only for myself.  As Prime Minister I confess I miss your presence, but that is only an expression of my own selfish desires and I should not burden you with it.
In so many ways ... and yet it is your presence they crave.  A figurehead.
Indeed, and for that they are eternally grateful.
Your Majesty remains at the very epicenter of governance.  As for your people, look no further than the sales of your Highland Journals to see in what affection the nation holds their Queen.  You sell even more copies than Mr Dickens.
I was trying to imagine "rather upset."
What's her excuse this time?
In the press, perhaps.  But she's sold more copies of her Highland Journal in three months than Punch will ever sell in a year.  Time to wheel her out.
Mrs Brown.
Gladstone's got his party facing the same way for the first time in years. We need help.  Where is the old girl?
We're going to lose.
To know when he'll be king.
I hope he got his mother's permission.
We'll see which way the wind blows.
Gossip counts.  Lord Aberdeen was right.  This country is not governed by wisdom but by talk.  Granted, it wouldn't take much to winkle the old girl out of mourning, but if public opinion is against her, then it doesn't do to appear too close.
My dear Stanley, a Prime Minister with only a handful of friends must respect public opinion.
The question is, do we need her?
The cartoon or Her Majesty's absenteeism?
