The Queen will be riding to St. George's on the fifth.
We are all of us subject to forces beyond our control, Mr Brown, even you.
In as much as the article is about yourself, I think you must now accept that the public has a right to its interest in you.
I don't doubt that the Queen was highly amused.  She has always had a very healthy sense of humor.
I believe that decision rests with Her Majesty.
There are important papers from --
She'll need to sign dispatches before she retires.
Yes, it most certainly is!
Go inside at once.
I thought I made myself perfectly clear.  You do not leave your room until Her Majesty requests it.
I beg your pardon?
You will await your orders like everyone else.  Unless you prefer a repeat of yesterday's little excitement.
You do not report for duty unless the Queen requests it.  You know that very well.
Yes.  I do.
In matters concerning the Household, I act on her behalf.
There is to be no communication with other members of the household on matters concerning the court except through myself or one of the Equerries.  No plans must be altered unless you are given prior authority by myself or a senior member of the household.
Then we'll have to see what can be arranged.
I'm sure it won't be difficult to find you.
Her Highness' Equerry.
You'll be sent a message.
I'm sorry?
Her Majesty's routine at Osborne House is not as you will remember it.  The Household remains in full mourning and no-one is permitted to raise their voice under any circumstances whatsoever.  As for the Queen's routine, she breakfasts at nine thirty, lunches at two,takes tea at five thirty and dinner at eight forty five.  No one is allowed to leave the building while the Queen is at home. On the rare occasions when she is out, you may ask permission to leave, but only with my consent. You're to be ready to walk the pony at any time after ten o'clock.  You'll clean her outdoor things and do any odd jobs as and when she requires.
No, indeed.
Some young page was boasting about having seen it.  Lucky.
Quite.  I think I'd best take it back.
We think she can be dissuaded.  Have you had a glance at the diary?
The Queen wishes to publish an account of him.
Not too protracted, I hope.
No, she wasn't.
A fine choice, sir.
Ma'am.
Ma'am?
They are demanding the dismissal of John Brown on grounds of drunkeness.
From Princess Helena and other members of your family.
I have a letter, ma'am.
There is one other matter.
Your Majesty --
I -- forgive me, ma'am, I am no wiser than yourself.
I have no idea.
Again?
We were expecting you to return by six.
He thought, perhaps, Your Majesty might wish to be informed of the latest developments in government.
Lord Clarendon arrives, by invitation, at eleven o'clock, followed at twelve by a picnic in the grounds to celebrate Princess Alice's birthday. Dispatches, as usual, at two.  The Chancellor writes to say that, by happy coincidence, he will be in Cowes for the weekend.  He asks if Your Majesty might grant him an audience.
Of course, at once.
I'm very sorry, ma'am.  I can't imagine -- he was certainly given no instructions.
