And that is my last word on the matter.
Brown's responsibilities are onerous enough already.  He has far too much to do without having to stay up all night waiting for you to go to bed. The smoking-room will be closed and the lights put out at twelve o'clock.
It is quite late enough.
It is a disgusting habit, Bertie.  It should be discouraged.
I do believe they send so many boxes to taunt me. Doctor Jenner writes to them to say that my nerves are in an extremely fragile state and yet they continue to hound me with box after box after box after box after box!
... Least of all my son.  It was his irresponsibility that drove my husband to his grave.
Cold is good--  Is that not so, Dr. Jenner?!
No dinners, Bertie.  Why are you dressed for outdoors?
Gesture?
Yes.  Yes it was.
You should never have gone out in such foul weather.
Then why send me back to them?!
I will not hear any more about my safety!!  You made me a promise and now you have broken it!
You are forcing me to do the very thing you know I fear most!
-- You stand there and tell me it is my duty ... after all you promised me!
I cannot believe you are saying this? You, who I have relied on all this time --
Duty?!  You talk about duty?!
The Queen forbids it.  I cannot allow it because I cannot live without you.  Without you, I cannot find the strength to be who I must be.  Please.
I do not accept.
Yes?
Has someone seen to those bruises?
I was told you were in a fight.
John?
The threat from the Irish is greatly exaggerated, I'm sure.
Am I not safe enough with you, John?
Dear me, you'll be telling me to watch what I eat next.
Must they always follow us?
What is it, John?  John?
To keep out the cold.
I hope they didn't go to any trouble, John.
What Mr Ponsonby was appreciating was their literary merit, a skill not intimately associated with the knowledge of grooming.  Literary appreciation does not begin and end with Tennyson.
Of course I shall say what I have to say.  I always do.
I do not do it for others.  But Ponsonby thinks they are good.
His remarks were directed at the quality of the writing, not its subject.
He has been attending at Balmoral for many years.
Sir Henry Ponsonby tells me they are charming.
I am told so.
I am thinking of publishing my "Highland Journals."
Craobhan-geanmchno...  How can I possibly say that with a straight face?!
Those, over there, there.
What are those?
Yes.
It is a fine spot for a bench, is it not?
Sir Henry is not alone.  They all wish it.  The same people who refused to grant my husband the title of King because he was deemed of insufficient rank--
He thought so, yes.
Prince Albert was going to build a bench here.  He thought it one of the best views in Osborne.
The Queen will ride out if and when she chooses.
Then why do you persist in doing it?
You have been told repeatedly not to stand in the courtyard unless requested to do so.
Mr Brown.
Yes.  That will be company for you.
Yes.  You have a brother in service here, do you not?  I forget his name.
My husband was always very complimentary in speaking of you.  He would have approved, I am sure, of my calling on you in this way.  I trust it does not inconvenience you too much.
Your family sent cards.  It was much appreciated.
And the pony?
You are well?
You are here safely.
Mr Brown.
I have asked him to show you a little of Highland life while you are with us at Balmoral.
This is my good John Brown.
I stay here because I am happy.  Is that such a terrible crime?
I never thought to be bullied by you, Mr Disraeli.  You, I thought, understood a widow's grief.
Is that not enough?
Then they may read about me.
But I lack your prose, Mr Disraeli.
How ill is he?
Why was I not informed?
No.  You are mistaken.  Prince Albert, my husband, had typhoid fever.  I asked what was wrong with my son.
I will not tolerate anybody lecturing me about the responsibility of the monarchy....
Why am I being lectured in this way?!
Cold is good!
Whom?
Why was I not told earlier?
How long has he been this sick?
Has he been hurt?
Unwell?
Why?
Well?
I made no request to go out riding today.  How long has he been there?
What is he doing there?
Just them?
Please tell the Princess, and other signatories to this letter, that the Queen will not be dictated to, or made to alter, in any way, what she has found to answer for her comfort.  Do I make myself clear?
What do they want?
My family is quite capable of communicating with the Queen in person.
From whom?
What is it?
Is it not enough that She is uncheered and unguided that she should also have to suffer these malicious rumors?!  I am not a fool.  I know there are those in the establishment too afraid to attack me and so they attack my dearest friends. Sometimes -- I feel that Brown is all I have left of Albert.  And now they attack Brown too.
No-one should think themselves wiser than me!  It is not for any of the Queen's subjects to presume to tell Her Majesty when and where She should come out of mourning.  It is the Queen's sorrow that keeps her secluded!  It is Her overwhelming amount of work and responsibility, work which She feels will soon wear her out entirely!
Why not?
Who told them that?
Read it!
Read it.
And now I am back.
We stayed a little longer than expected with Mr and Mrs Grant.  It was most agreeable.
No.  I shall be out walking.
Why?
Please make sure it does not happen again.
Sir Henry, Mr Brown is standing in the courtyard.  I have no wish to go riding.
What is the matter with him?
Then why are you not with him?
Why is he not here?
Where is my son?
That's a very pretty shawl you are wearing, Alex.  Silk suits you well.  But you are not eating enough.  One must not let vanity overrule one's appetite.
