Will -- you can't trust him.
The curse drove you to gather this?
It's a pirate medallion.
Then why aren't you eating?
Dare I ask the fate of it previous owner?
Can I trust you?
Of course.  I didn't steal it, if that's what you mean.
Thank you, sir.
Elizabeth --  Turner.  I'm a maid in the governor's household.
Because it's what you're searching for.  You've been searching for it for years.  I recognize this ship. I saw it eight years ago, when we made the crossing from England.
I'll drop it!
Very well.
I want you to leave.  And never come back.
Captain Barbossa ... I have come to negotiate the cessation of hostilities against Port Royal.
Well, I am not going to stay hidden in some cabin, or I suppose it's going to be heaving bosoms and bare for the remainder of the voyage!
Then I can wear men's clothing.
What?
Not as a condition -- a request.
Commodore, I beg you -- please do this ... for me.  As a wedding gift.
Commodore, please!
No.  The pirates have taken Will --
He can locate Isla de Muerta -- but I doubt he'll be willing to help us from the brig.
Commodore, you can't do that!
Yes, I'm all right, I'm fine!  Go capture him.
Commodore, I must protest.  Pirate or not, this man saved my life.
I can't breathe.
His name is Will Turner -- that's all I found out.
Boy overboard!
I think it would be rather exciting to meet a pirate.
About the day we met. Do you remember?
Women in London must have learned to not breathe.
Difficult ... to say.
I knew it.
Ceremony?
It's -- beautiful. May I inquire as to the occasion?
Yes -- yes.
Yes, father.
Actually, I find it all fascinating.
Tell the captain that I am disinclined to acquiesce to his request.
If an adversary demands parlay, you can do them no harm until the parlay is complete.
Parlay!  I invoke the right of parlay!  According to the Code of the Brethern, set down by the pirates Morgan and Bartholomew, you must take me to your Captain!
It doesn't!
There.  And don't you dare tell me that wasn't a proper kiss!
I guess you can never truly know someone else's heart.
-- then we never would have met.
To keep it away from them?  No pirate would sail to London, for fear of Execution Dock.
Truthfully -- you were a bit late.
Will, how many times must I ask you to call me 'Elizabeth'?
What's your plan?
These men will be facing an enemy that seemingly cannot be killed.
He might delay the rescue ... and that would be too late.
You didn't tell Commodore Norrington everything.
Exactly.
That signal is over a thousand feet high, which means it can be seen for two hundred leagues in every direction.  The entire Royal Navy is out to sea looking for me -- do you think there is even a chance they could miss it?
One, because it is a vile drink that turns even the most respectable men into scoundrels. Two --
Yes, the rum is gone.
To freedom.
Mr. Sparrow!  I'm not sure I've had enough rum to allow that kind of talk.
Jack, it must be so terrible for you, to be trapped here on this island, all over again.
You'll be positively the most fearsome pirates to sail the Spanish Main.
Well, perhaps ... with a bit more to drink, I might ...
That was before I met one, of course.
Oh, no ... it's silly.  Back in England we didn't know a thing about pirates, really.  They seemed so romantic and daring --
Nothing ... it's nothing.  Just ... I'm reminded of a song I learned as a child.  A song about pirates.
Drink up me hearties, yo ho ...
Not when you can drink instead, at least.
A month?  Will doesn't have a month!  We've got to do something to help him!
So that's it?  That's the secret grand adventure of the infamous Jack Sparrow?  You spent three days on the beach drinking rum?
But ... you did it before!  Last time --
What?  What's wrong?  How will this help us get off the island?
Captain Sparrow!  We have to get off this island -- immediately!
Has it changed since the last time you were here?
Come on!
You're in league with Barbossa!
You?!
You are despicable.
Miss Swann.
