That would hardly be proper.
You may seclude yourself in my cabin.  I'm afraid we do not have any ladies' clothing aboard.
I know where your heart truly lies.
Elizabeth, I hereby withdraw my proposal.
I am to understand that you will accept my marriage proposal on the condition I rescue Mr. Turner?
Your father is frantic with worry. Our mission was to rescue you and return home.  That is what we shall do.  Mr. Turner's fate is regrettable.  But so was his decision to engage in piracy.
You're speaking up for him again?
Elizabeth, I'm relieved you're safe.  Clap him in irons.  And behind his back this time.
On his heels!  Gillette, bring a squad down from the fort!  Elizabeth, are you --
One good deed is not enough to redeem a man of a lifetime of wickedness.
I'm a bit nervous, myself --
I apologize if I seem forward -- but I must speak my mind.  This promotion confirms that I have accomplished the goals I set for myself in my career.  But it also casts into sharp relief that which I have not achieved.  The thing all men most require: a marriage to a fine woman.  You have become a fine woman, Elizabeth.
Very good.
Did he speak?
Fetch a hook -- haul him out of there!
Man overboard!
Think again, Miss Swann. Vile and dissolute creatures, the lot of them. I intend to see to it that any man who sails under a pirate flag, or wears a pirate brand, gets what he deserves: a short drop and a sudden stop.
I don't think that will be necessary.
Wait for my order -- what the blazes is that?
Better to see it at the bottom of the sea than in the hands of a pirate.
We need only to come about, to put them in range of the long nines.
Raise the sails.
I'll be at the wheel myself.
Nothing I wouldn't be please to be rid of.
You would do that?
I don't like the situation, Mister Sparrow.  The island is riddled with caves.  I will not put my men at a disadvantage.
By remembering that I serve others, not only myself.
We are bound for Port Royal, not Isla de Muerta.
Indeed.
Taking stock: you've got a pistol with only one shot, a compass that doesn't point north ... and no ship.  You are without a doubt the worst pirate I have ever heard of.
Well, well... Jack Sparrow, isn't it?
Please.
A moment.
Bleak.  Very bleak.
No.  She hasn't.
An explosion in the powder magazine. Merchant vessels run heavily armed.
He's still breathing.
My apologies, Governor.
