Thanks for the tip.
What are you going to do!?
What are you going to do now?
Well?
It'll come to you. See if you can stop this thing 'fore it gets started. Save us all considerable embarrassment.
You're going to go see her.
You said there was only one person you knew wasn't in on this thing.
Irene is going to help.
Meet Irene.
Don't think I won't.
Yeah, now listen.  I can't mess with these shoes any more or it's gonna look funny. You go down get yourself something to drink. Make sure Godzilla there, follows you.
Why don't you tell me about the early years some other time?
Yeah, all right, listen...
Then why'd you drag me into it?
Oh, Jesus ...
Who?
I knew I should have packed up and gone home as soon as I got that twenty. What am I supposed to do about this situation?
What are you supposed to do?
In twenty-five minutes in the California Ballroom.
Then don't let him be seeing you talking to me. I don't want him twisting my arm off.
This gorilla's watching you, is that right?
Cover your mouth.
Mister, what are you dragging me into?
Hey, a big tip doesn't give you the right to crap in my ear. You want change?  You got it, brother. What was that you gave me, a twenty?
What? The end of the world? Man, don't give me your mad rap. I'm not a bartender. I don't want to hear it. I raise a family doing this bullshit. Do me a favor. Get your crazy white ass out of my chair.
Oh, man...
I remember. The big tipper.
Sure. Go down past the bar. Take you right out there.
It's a twenty.
You got anything smaller?
I'll have you out of here in two shakes o'f a lamb's tail.
What's that? You have to speak up.  I'm a little deaf in this ear. Between that and my wooden leg I'm a mess. Compliments of the United States Army Artillery Corps.
Don't denigrate yourself, my friend. Where would the government be without accountants?  They wouldn't know how hard they can squeeze us before we pop, isn't that right?
What do you do, if I may be so bold?
Gimme a dollar.
Oh, we'll have to do better than that.
I think this is worth a dollar.
I don't think so.
You're going to deny me a lousy dollar after I've sweated like a pig giving you the gift of a clean windsheild?
It's already done. I've already done it. You have to pay me now.
Don't be like that. Think of me as the Moses of dirty windshields leading you through the desert of dead bugs.
You just think you don't want your windshield cleaned.
Just giving you the gift of a clean windshield. Only cost you a dollar.
