OK, Rog. See you at ten.
I dunno. Try tranquilizers. Once you can get at them, there's a lotta stuff you can use. I'll bring a bagful. It's just the standard tropical kit. But the trick is to get at them.
Yeah.  Ah, I don't want to panic you or anything, but, I mean, the way Hobbes designed them, they're supposed to get out of hand real quick, so you don't have much time to think about what's happening to you. Once they decide to start pumping all those dynamite juices into the old blood stream... I dunno. But if you see some people doing kind of compulsive, maybe even bizarre sexual things...
I'd kinda like to come over there and have a look at one of these guys.
Huh?
Lemme clarify for you.
It looks like -- and I quote -- 'a disease to save man from his mind.'
Listen, Rog. I knew Hobbes was funny, you know? I told you that. But I didn't really know just how funny he was. See... when he kicked off, they sent all the personal secret stuff they found to his mother -- she's still alive but just barely -- and she sent everything she thought was medical to me here at the lab. I'm Hobbes's partner, right?  Anyway, I've been going through his papers, and what they add up to is this: Hobbes was shafting us all, me, the university, the foundations and the councils, the private labs, everybody. We never really knew what it was we were working on. Hobbes gave us each a few crumbs, but he was the only one who knew what the whole loaf would look like.
Yeah, well, I'm flattered, but you won't find any real meat in them.
It's me, Rollo Linsky. Remember me?
That you, Rog?
But you'll think about what I said about working together, huh?
Aw, he met her when he was lecturing at some private girls' school. They caught him examining her little tits for breast cancer in the faculty lounge. She was twelve. Don't ask. It was craziness, believe me.  They used to come here sometimes.  Don't ask.
It was women did it to Hobbes. Couldn't handle them. That girl, that Annabelle -- talk about crazy projects.
You want to help sick people for the rest of your life? God forbid I should talk you out of it.
Rog, I gotta talk serious to you. Really. Listen. Ya listening? OK. I want you to come into this with me. To tell the honest-to-God truth, I'm lonely.  All Hobbes ever did was run around getting money and phone me in the middle of the night. He wanted you in anyway. That's why we were gonna get together, the three of us. We would have enough to keep us going for at least five years, even with inflation.
You know and I know that Hobbes was a lousy teacher, eh? Lousy. Dry, academic, afraid of women, lousy. But he was always a genius at one thing -- getting grants. Could he get grants for crazy projects?
Right. It's crazy. But here's the beauty part. Ready?  Who cares?
You put the bug into the body of a man with a diseased kidney, the bug attacks the bad kidney, dissolves it, it's assimilated by the body, and now you got a perfectly good parasite where you used to have a rotten kidney. I know what you're gonna say. You're gonna say it's crazy.
Look. You got men, you got parasites that live in, on, and around men. Now. Why not breed a parasite that does something useful? Eh? Why not breed a parasite capable of taking over the function of any one of a bunch of human organs? Why not, for example, a parasite living in the human abdominal cavity that plugs into the circulatory system and filters the blood like a kidney? If it takes a little blood for itself, so what? Be generous! You can afford it.
I know. You're bored already. Transplants are yesterday's kishkas, right?
That was my father's idea... private practice. He wanted to set me up -- I couldn't say no. But he's dead now. And me, I'm still a snoop, I gotta do research. Look at that beautiful stuff...  ...lookit it!
So who changes?
I'm still a VD man under the skin, Rog. You know me. I'm a down-to-earth kinda guy, right?
Not exactly the kind of lunch Hobbes would have laid on you, Rog, but it's all I got, and...  ...all I got I share with you. Go ahead. Take all you want.
