It's just that, you know, I was thinking about how, in class, you're always telling us 'that writers make choices -- at least the good ones. And, don't get me wrong. I'm not saying the book isn't really great -- I mean, really great -- but at times it's, well, very detailed, you know, with the genealogies of everyone's horses and all the dental records and so on -- and I don't know, maybe I'm wrong, but it sort of reads, in places, like, well, actually, like...  ...you didn't make any choices at all. And I was wondering if it might not be different if, maybe, when you wrote, you weren't always... under the influence.
No, it's not that, it's...
I uh, I didn't finish, I... fell asleep.
Sure. The keys are on the dresser next to... to your book.
It beats 'What's your major?'
I don't know, Grady. I just dropped him on a corner.
I told you, Sewickly Heights.
Who does?
Crabtree said it sounded like something James would be messed up in.
At first the police thought he just ran away, but this afternoon Dr. Gaskell found some blood spots on the carpet --
He shot the Chancellor's dog, didn't he? The blind one.
I don't know -- maybe -- I don't think so.
I know I shouldn't have, but there it was, just sort of lying out, and I couldn't resist and -- and -- I suck.
Grady!
I thought we were going to talk. Last night.
The one in your office? It's the best one for naps.
His bag. You know that ratty green thing he's always carrying around. He must've left it inside.
James is odd. I know he has an aunt in Sewickley Heights. I dropped him there once, but...  Come to think of it, it wasn't even his Aunt's house. He said she worked there. Or something. I don't remember.
Some apartment somewhere. But I've never seen it.
I would if I knew where I was taking him.
I just mean, I -- I guess Emily isn't going to be there when you get home.
So what are you going to do?
And I love the inscription you wrote to me. Only I'm not quite the downy innocent you think I am.
I've been re-reading Arsonist's Daughter. It's so beautiful, Grady. So natural. It's like all your sentences always existed, just waiting around in Style Heaven, or wherever, for you to fetch them down.
James'll know about George Sanders.
Ail right. By the way, his friend...?
Just checking.
I think so... What about you?
I think maybe we're missing the point. It seems to me James' strength as a writer is that he doesn't take us by the hand. He treats us like adults. He respects us enough to forget us. That takes... courage.
I haven't heard of half of those.
Just a few then. The big ones.
Mr. Crabtree was saying how George Sanders killed himself, only he couldn't remember how.
Are you riding with me, James?
