Colwyn, don't be a fool. You can't do battle with that thing.
Perhaps. If the pay is good.
A good thrust, my friend. Another second and there'd have been nothing between my head and shoulders but bad memories.
Naturally.
You're resourceful, my lad.  I tell you, one year under my tutelage and I could make you the Prince of Thieves.
We must cover a hundred leagues before sunrise.
Those beasts cannot be saddled by mortal men.
Yes, my lord.
Well, it is true that if I received a royal command I couldn't very well disobey it, could I?
What kind of friend do you think I am?
They do not exist, except in the waters of the Swamp, where they will remain.
A flicker of talent.
Lad, you have an unnatural desire to pay for things. It stunts the mind and shrivels the imagination.
Yes. It will double our range.  I know at least a dozen ways to get horses. All cheap.
You've eaten nothing.
Well, I'm not impressed.
Those are not child's tear. A child cries for himself, a man cries for those he loves.
Not sleepy, either?
They burn many villages. Even walled cities fall to them.
When did you last sleep, boy?
I compel no man to follow me on this journey.
It should be an interesting journey, then.
And where do you lead, boy?
And in the few seconds before I dice you to crow-food, tell me why I am going to follow you.
They stand at the edge of the grave and make jokes.  Do you know who I am, sprout? I am Torquil, Lord of the forest. My men follow no man but me, and I follow no man at all.
Hah! You don't know me, boy.
How did you know I had sons?
Fame?  Thank you, no. Fame is the burial ground of contentment. Eat it and go hungry; count it and go broke; seek it and grow mad. Fame is what fools yearn for and wise men shun.
Smart as well as quick. Now what do you have to give us?
Look at its insides.
I can't hold the weight of both of you!
Your boast is a bigger mouthful than your roast, Magnificence.
Passable, pimple, very passable.
Oh, my poor stomach.
I must take the old man to see some sick children. Kegan will guard you.
Surely a sorcerer of the sauce pan can make rabbit taste like venison.
We have plenty of hares.
Many villagers are hiding in the forest. They need food.
You had better manners as a pig.
But also very young. Six to one is no odds, boy.
That is true.
Kegan!
Look.
I'll stay behind and keep them busy.
It's a hundred leagues from here.
Each to his fate, lad.
Fewer will survive them.
Her name is Death.
She has the power to kill.
That creature helps no one. And none who go there return.
The Widow of the Web?
The leader of the Dark Ones?
No maze to me, my fried. It is where we take refuge when they hunt us.
We can save half a day by crossing the Stone Lake.
There's an Emerald Circle a few leagues from here.  We'll find her.
Knowledge I wouldn't want.
