I can. Because I choose it.
It is my fate to die in the Fortress.
You must move quickly. The Beast will stop at nothing now.
Cut. <u>Cut</u>!
Use your sword.
I chose the wrong passage.
The spiral begins in the west.
She must make a glaive.
Yes. To keep her from you. But now that we are inside the Fortress, you will be able to contact her.
They will hold Lyssa in the Center of the Vortex, the place of the Beast, where its power is greatest. No man can match it there. Lyssa must try to move toward us. For as we enter the Vortex and move closer ...
He ran a great risk, helping us today. If he opposes his fate, his death will be terribly painful.
You must never know her name.  If more than one approaches, she will certainly kill them. Alone I may have a chance.
From here, I must go alone.
He sees betrayal everywhere. He will attack us so long as he is conscious.
He thinks you betray him with Lyssa.  Colwyn! The waters deceive you!
Yes.
You are young. You don't understand the attraction of great power, and you forget the pain of long waiting.
No. She must agree of her own free will.
Like you, she has extraordinary powers. He would make her his Queen.
He has come for Lyssa.
There is no other way. You asked me why the Beast had come this time.
You will know, in good time.
I'm not sure.
No. Then they were led by his underlings. But I knew he had come this time, from the ferocity of their onslaught, from their use of The Fortress. They use up much of their strength to do these things. They are taking great risks.
She is too deep. The curved tunnel we saw is part of the Vortex, the place of The Beast.
The deeper she goes, the harder it is to contact her. Once she is below the second level, you will not be able to reach her at all.
Yes, they knew of your first contact, so they drove her below.
What do you see?
Everyone of his race is born knowing the day of his death.
You choose these?
You have not slept in two days.
No. They occupy the Fortress, but they cannot control its movement. It is moved by Fate. And, sooner or later, Fate will place it near us.
Yes. Each dawn it rises in a different land: sometimes in the mountains, sometimes in the jungle, sometimes the desert, sometimes the sea. Never in the same place twice.
It is the Fortress of Krull. I know it only from the stories of wars on other worlds. They did not use it on our world in the first great war, for it costs them enormous power. This time they mean to conquer, at all costs.
You must break when the strain becomes too great, or you will harm yourself. And you must concentrate your powers for when they are needed most. What did she answer?
Reach out farther. Call to her.
I am too old to climb down a rope.
But it opens onto the sheer wall of the Needle. There's no way down.
There is no other way.
With two or three days' practice, you'll be able to use it as well as I can. Then we'll have a chance of fighting our way out of here.
Your powers are greater than you know.  Have you ever seen one of these?
This is not the first time the Dark Ones have attacked our world. They came once before, a thousand years ago. A young king and queen, with extraordinary powers, were given to us then, to lead the struggle. My fore-father was their Councilor, as I will be yours.
I have lived in this place, like my fathers before me, guarding the old knowledge. I knew, when I had no son, that the Great War would come in my time, and that I would be the one to pass on the old knowledge to a new king. Come.
Turold's son was to marry her.
Does the Queen live?
No. He will master the leader.
He is the King.
He didn't join them. They joined him.
If that were so, you'd be dead now. He was aiming at the Dark One, for there is ancient hatred between them. Once his race had two eyes, like other men, until his forefathers bargained with the Dark Ones: they gave up one of their eyes in return for the power to see the future. But they were cheated, for the only future they were permitted to see was the time of their own death.
The one with red eyes was a Dark One, the other was a Cyclops, and it was not you he meant to kill.
The forest is not safe these days. You'd best travel with us.
The Dark Ones will appose you with all their power.
Yes. It is the Western Ocean.
It is the time.
You know the voice.
The new King.
We seek the Fortress of Krull.
Go now.  Quell was wise. He knew that a man cannot ask more of his death than it help his friends.
It is too late. He has drunk.
Yes, they are weakening. It takes great power to maintain the Fortress, and they have expended much.
It is not necessary. They will not follow.
We must reach the Valley of Reeds before the next dawn.
Each to his fate. Wait for me at the inn. If I am not back by dawn, you will know my fate, and you must go on without me.
Few have survived it.
She had another name once.
Perhaps she will not kill me, for I know her name.
She has the power of vision.
Yes.
I must go to the widow. Perhaps she will help.
Yes.  Like you, a King. A King of many worlds. All enslaved.
Many have perished in that maze.
We'll seek an Emerald Seer. They have great powers of vision.
No. They are sad, solitary creatures, rarely seen.
You will come with me.
I cannot stop the sand.
Then the other Lyssa will share your fate. She will grow old in the Fortress as you have grown old here.
A young man seeks her. A young man about the age I was when I met you.
Could I lie to you and still see your beauty?
There is a girl there. Her name is Lyssa.
The Fortress of Krull. When will it come near here?
Knowledge.
Memory is no trick, it is a power. The power to see.
You see?
It is no trickery.
Where is he? My son.
You said nothing. You told me nothing.
We had no children.
No, she was not as beautiful.
Could not. Could not betray the girl to whom I was betrothed.
The most beautiful woman in the world.
It is fifty years since I spoke it to you.
Ynyr!
