Oh!  That will be sent after him.  I have a fancy to look into that red box which contains his papers, you say; and at noon, after parade, shall be at the inn.  You will not say a word to any one there regarding the affair, and will wait for me at the Chevalier's rooms until my arrival.  We must force that box.  You are a clumsy hound, or you would have got the key long ago.
You say he drives after breakfast and before dinner.  When he comes out to his carriage a couple of gendarmes will mount the box, and the coachman will get his orders to move on.
Has he sent the challenge yet?
What are the Chevalier's intentions?
I had thought you more expert.  You must find out if the Chevalier cheats.  He sees the English and Austrian envoys continually, and the young men of either ministry sup repeatedly at his house.  Find out what they talk of, for how much each plays, especially if any of them play on parole.  If you are able to, read his private letters, though about those which go to the post, you need not trouble yourself -- we look at them there.  But never see him write a note without finding out to whom it goes, and by what channel or messenger.  He sleeps with the keys of his dispatch-box with a string around his neck -- twenty frederics, if you get an impression of the keys.
You are a Hungarian; you served in the army, and left on account of weakness in the loins.  He gambles a great deal, and wins.  Do you know the cards well?
There is lately come to Berlin a gentleman in the service of the Empress Queen, who calls himself the Chevalier de Belle Fast, and wears the red riband and star of the pope's order of the Spur.  He is made for good society, polished, obliging, a libertine, without prejudices, fond of women, of good food, of high play, prudent and discreet.
Your loyalty to me and your service to the regiment has pleased me very well -- and now there is another occasion on which you may make yourself useful to us; if you succeed, depend on it, your reward will be your discharge from the army, and a bounty of 100 guineas.
Good morning, Private James.  Please come in.  I should like you to meet my uncle, Herr Minister of Police Galgenstein.
It's a lie!  You're a deserter! You're an impostor, sir; Your lies and folly have confirmed this to me. You pretend to carry dispatches to a general who has been dead these ten months; you have an uncle who is an ambassador and whose name you don't know.  Will you join and take the bounty, sir, or will you be given up?
I have acted as I think fit.
It was my joke.  I was tired, and did not care to go farther.  There's not prettier woman here than that. If she won't suit your fancy, my friend, then you must wait awhile.
The people are great farmers, as well as inn-keepers.
Ah!  You sly rogue, I see that will influence you.
Do you want to see the loveliest woman in Europe?
This is a very good inn.  Shall we stop for dinner?
Oh, yes, of course, Ambassador O'Grady...
What is your uncle's name?
