Your Grace, if I am so tame as to take this, then I must give up an honorable and lucrative occupation.
Your Grace owes me seventy thousand frederics, which I have honorably won.
I deny your Grace's accusations, and beg you to say how you have been cheated?
I have no luggage.
All Europe shall hear of this!
Ten thousand?  But the scoundrel owes me seventy thousand.
It is shameful -- infamous!  I insist upon being put down at the Austrian ambassador's house.
Good gracious!  What is this?
Where is my rascal, Lazlo?
Certain?
To risk one's life against such people is an imposition.
Sir, we have but eighty thousand florins in bank, or two hundred thousand at three months; if your highness' bags do not contain more than eight thousand, we will meet you.
Gentlemen, I wish you a good day. Will you please go to the house from whence we set out this morning, and tell my man there to send my baggage on to Three Kings at Dresden?
Make your mind easy, you shall not be left behind, I warrant you.  Do take a last look at your barracks, make your mind easy, say a farewell to your friends in Berlin.  The dear souls, how they will weep when they hear you are out of the country, and, out of it, you shall go.
I have faced that problem before.
Have no fear.  It will come out well for me.
We will practice in the mornings, my boy, and I'll put you up to a thing or two worth knowing.
The cards are now my only livelihood.  Sometimes I am in luck, and then I lay out my money in these trinkets you see.  It's property, look you, and the only way I have found of keeping a little about me. When the luck goes against me, why, my dear, my diamonds go to the pawnbrokers and I wear paste.  Do you understand the cards?
I'd give five years of my life to see the old country again, the greenfields, and the river, and the old round tower, and the burying place.
Who else can give me information about you?
For whom else have you worked?
You come highly recommended by Herr Seebach.
Your name is Lazlo Zilagyi?
You are the young man who M. de Seebach recommended?
