Not at all, sir.  I have a pair of good pistols that have already done execution, and are ready to do it again.
That is none of your business.
Good morning.
And his baggage?
Not yet, but I believe he intends to.
I am not sure.  The Prince told him quite clearly that if he wished to have the money, he would have to fight for it.
Only a very little, as soldiers do.
What is the service, sir?
The captain was the nephew and heir of the Minister of Police, Herr Galgenstein, a relationship which, no doubt, aided in the younger gentlemen's promotion.
How do you do, sir?
Neither!
Sir, I'm a British officer.
Upon my word, sir, I think you have acted very coolly.
Where's the beauty you promised me?
The place seems more a farm than an inn-yard.
This may be a very good inn for Germany, but it would not pass in old Ireland.  Corbach is only a league off, let us push on for Corbach.
O'Grady.
My companion treated me with great civility, and asked me a thousand questions about England, which I answered as best I might.  But this best, I am bound to say, was bad enough.  I knew nothing about England, and I invented a thousand stories which I told him; described the king and the ministers to him, said the British ambassador in Berlin was my uncle, and promised my acquaintance a letter of recommendation to him.
The coward!
Mrs. John Best!  Was there another Mr. John Best?!
Good heavens!  Whatever?  Has she died of grief?
Is Miss Dugan well?
I suppose she addressed them to me in my real name, by which I never thought to ask for them at the post office.
Grogan gave me a wink of recognition, but offered no public token of acquaintance and it was not until two days afterwards that he called me into his quarters, and then, shaking hands with me cordially, gave me news which I wanted, of my family.
A man of honor dies, but never apologizes.  I'll see the captain hanged before I apologize.
Not against Castle Dugan gate, that has been off the hinges these ten years.
I'll match any man with the sword.
I hope to spoil this sport, and trust to see this sword of mine in that big bully's body.
I am Harry James' son, and will act as becomes my name and quality.
It was with this sword that my late father, Harry James, God rest his soul, met Sir Huddelstone Fuddelstone, the Hampshire baronet, and was fatally run through the neck.  He was quite in the wrong, having insulted Lady Fuddelstone, when in liquor, at the Brentford Assembly.  But, like a gentleman, he scorned to apologize.
My mare is saddled and ready; who's the captain's second?
Have you taken my message to him?
He'll give the better mark.  I am not afraid of him.
Mark this, come what will of it, I swear I will fight the man who pretends to the hand of Dorothy Dugan.  I'll follow him if it's into the church, and meet him there. I'll have his blood, or he shall have mine.  Will you take my message to him, and arrange the meeting?
And so I am.
Dorothy might love me or not, as she likes, but Best will have to fight me before he marries her!
The man that marries Dorothy Dugan must first kill me -- do you mind that?
Repeat the words again, and I run you through the body.
Sirrah!  Sirrah, I am as good a gentleman as any in Ireland!
Ah -- I see.  No, I'm afraid mine are the O'Higgins of Watertown.
Which O'Higgins do you know?  For I have never heard your name mentioned in my family.
I am only sorry that I was unable to prevent the villain from carrying off all her ladyship's money and pearls.
Perfectly certain, because I shall make him tremble.
I risk nothing, for I am certain to kill him.
It is distasteful to kill a scoundrel -- that should be work for a hangman.
When the Duke of Courland brought fourteen lackeys each with bags of florins, and challenged our bank to play against the sealed bags, what did we ask?
Then ordering fresh horses, the Chevalier set off on his journey for that capital.  I need not tell you that I was the Chevalier.
But how, sir?
But, if they send you away, then what is to become of me?
I believe they will deport you.
But they will prevent a meeting at whatever the cost.
I can play as soldiers do, but have no great skill.
And I think he was as much affected as I was at thus finding one of his kindred; for he, too, was an exile from home, and a friendly voice, a look, brought the old country back to his memory again, and the old days of his boyhood.
Only the agency of servants.
No one, sir.  Before that I served in the army but had to leave due to weakness of the loins.
Herr Seebach was a very kind employer.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.  Here is my letter.
That is a trifle strong.
On the instant.  Everyone must yield to such a nobleman as you.
Very well!  Now that I know it, I will no longer love her.
Certainly, monseigneur, does not Your Excellency consider her worthy of love?
Lady Cosgrove, you are an old fool.
My Lady Cosgrove's relationship with me was a singular one.  Her life was passed in a series of crack-brained sort of alternation between love and hatred for me.  We would quarrel for a fortnight, then we should be friends for a month together sometimes.  One day, I was joking her, and asking her whether she would take the water again, whether she had found another lover, and so forth.  She suddenly burst out into tears, and, after a while, said to me:
We then spent an hour in the most eloquent silence except that, from time to time, her ladyship cried out:  "Oh, my God.  Is it true -- I am not dreaming?"
Let me give a thousand kisses to that heavenly mouth which has told me that I am happy.
O, my dearest love.  Enough!  I beg you.  Stop believing in your experience.  You have never known love.  My very soul is leaving me! Catch it on your lips, and give me yours!
Sir William Cosgrove is a man who is dying, and yet I envy him more than any man in Christendom.  He enjoys a privilege of which I am deprived. He may take you in his arms whenever he pleases, and no veil keeps his senses, his eyes, his soul from enjoying your beauty.
Let us give each other complete happiness, and let us be sure that as many times as we satisfy our desires, they will each time be born anew.
I know better than you do.  Love wants a more substantial fare, and if it is stubbornly withheld, it withers away.
Will we always leave it at this?
I ask only a payment on account today -- after that, you will find me undemanding, obedient and discreet.
Yes -- but I am afraid of being deceived.
Then I will respectfully take leave of her.
With a woman who is completely charming, be she a princess or a woman of the lowest condition, and who, regardless of her rank, will show me some kindness, tonight.
Deceiving someone without knowing it is something new for me.  If I do not know it, I am innocent.
To love you until death.  To subscribe to all your commands.
It is my only object.
By loving you, with no hope of possessing you.
I believe you, and I see I must hasten to leave, for otherwise I shall become the unhappiest of men.
I agree; but God put us on earth to take that risk.
That is true, but it seems to me impossible that you should be unhappy in love.
It is nonetheless a misfortune, and you will know it when you love.
Then you have never loved?  Your heart is empty.
What!  You have not met a man worthy of your attention?
Have you not a man whom you value?
How can I believe that there is not a man who has inspired desires in you?
But, for a time... a passing fancy?
Have you had one?
Indeed, Miss Dorothy, I intend to have his blood as sure as my name's Roderick.
Well, then, I'll tell you what I'd do.  I'd jump Daisy into the river, and swim you both across, where no enemy could follow us.
I'd draw my sword, and cut my way through them.
If ever I meet him again, you shall see which is the best man of the two.  I'll fight him with sword or with pistol, captain as he is.
But you refused me, Dorothy.
Were you obliged to dance five times with Captain Best, and then stroll out with him into the garden?
I hate Miss Clancy, you know I do! And I only danced with her because -- because -- the person with whom I intended to dance chose to be engaged the whole night.
With pleasure at finding the ribbon.
I feel the ribbon.
Do you see the gate at the end of the field?  The first to touch it will be the winner.
I accept, but I insist on a wager. The loser must do whatever the winner pleases.
All right, five hundred guineas.
It is entirely up to you.  I want the best.
Yes, for I wish to entertain splendidly.
As much as possible.
Yes!
By name only.
And, to be sure, I did know someone who knew precisely how these things were done, and this was the distinguished solicitor and former Government Minister, Lord West, whose acquaintance I made, as I had so many others, at the gaming table.
What is to be done?
When is he to go?
The Prince left him only that choice.
In so far as I can tell these things -- no.  I believe the Chevalier won the money fairly.
Yes, Minister, I am interested in any work in which I can be of service to Captain Galgenstein.
How different was her lively rattle to the vulgar wenches at Kilwangan assemblies.  In every sentence, she mentioned a lord or a person of quality.  To the lady's question about my birth and parentage, I replied that I was a young gentleman of large fortune, that I was going to Dublin for my studies, and that my mother allowed me five hundred per annum.
As you have been robbed of your purse, may I have permission to lend your ladyship a couple of pieces to pay any expenses which you might incur before reaching your home?
O'Higgins... Mohawk O'Higgins.
I am riding to Dublin myself, and if your ladyship will allow me the honor of riding with you, I shall do my best to protect you from further mishap.
Be off to your work, you pack of rascals, or you will have a good taste of my thong.  Have you lost much?
What has happened, madam, to annoy your ladyship?
I see.
Yes, of course.
Provided that they can be assured of her ladyship's freewill?  Are you serious?
I am prepared to accept the terms, Mr. Newcombe.
Mr. Newcombe, I have made some difficult loans during the past few years, at very onerous terms, but 18% a year interest seems very stiff indeed.
Yes, he's fine.
Your bother is in America fighting the rebels.
I promise your lordship a good flogging if you even so much as go to Doolan's farm to see him.
What the devil?  What kind of fools do we have here?  Pottle, who told the lad this story?
Yes?
Good night, my little darling.
Well, we'll just have to wait and see, won't we?
Now, just have a little patience, my boy.  Your birthday isn't until next week.
Sir, let those laugh that win.
I hope that you are not thinking of leaving us soon, knight?
Well, if my intentions are what you think they are -- if I do wish to step into your shoes, what then?  I have no other intentions than you had yourself.  Lady Cosgrove's wealth may be great, but am I not of a generous nature enough to use it worthily?  Her rank is lofty, but not so lofty as my ambition.  I will be sworn to muster just as much regard for my Lady Cosgrove as you ever showed her; and if I win her, and wear her when you are dead and gone, corbleu, knight, do you think that it will be the fear of your ghost will deter me?
Faith, sir, if I want to learn good principles, it's surely better I should apply for them to your lady, and your chaplin than to you?
I think, Sir William Cosgrove, you have had too much drink.  Your chaplin, Mr. Hunt, has introduced me into the company of your lady to advise me on a religious matter, of which she is a considerable expert.
I beg your pardon?
Sir William Cosgrove, with his complication of ills, was dying before us by inches.  He was continually tinkered up by doctors, and, what with my usual luck, he might be restored to health and live I don't know how many years.  If Cosgrove would not die, where was the use of my pursing his lady?  But my fears were to prove groundless, for on that very night, patient nature would claim her account.
The milkmaid's daughter?
Would you have me spend my life all alone?
I made Sir William Cosgrove's acquaintance as usual at the play- table.  One could not but admire the spirit and gallantry with which he pursued his favorite pastime; for, though worn out with gout and a myriad of diseases, a cripple wheeled about in a chair, and suffering pangs of agony, yet you would see him every morning, and every evening at his post behind the delightful green cloth.
Tender Hegenheim.
Will he wish to know the details of this night?
If his love were like mine, he would not permit you to come here.
And he doesn't care about me?
Do you expect me to believe that your lover brought you here tonight?
Dark Valdez.
Black-eyed Sczortarska.
Charming Schuvaloff.
