You--you aren't going to have any friends left, if you don't watch out.
No matter what you say to me, I still think you're the greatest guy I ever knew.
You're my buddy.
How do you know how I'd act in Africa?
I'm smarter than Looseleaf.
I wouldn't drop my gun.
Gee whiz--
What went wrong?
You invited me.
For Africa.
We got to get another pilot.
Who's going to fly our helicopter now?
If I were married to him, I sure wouldn't walk out.
It's engineered to last about fifteen years.
You're making a joke.
I just want one true adventure before I die.
I've considered that.
What an awful sound!
You actually sold insurance!
Pass the fucking catsup.
Would somebody please pass me the catsup?
Are we really going to find out where the elephants go to die?
Blue soup.
Eight years you guys were together-- through thick and thin.
I can't get over how you guys are my friends.  Harold Ryan and Looseleaf Harper are my friends.
Oh my God--  And you are Looseleaf Harper.
I forgot my vacuum cleaner.
I wanted to apologize.
Is Penelope in?
Hello.
All my dreams have suddenly collapsed.  We did have a lot of laughs together, Penelope.
Wouldn't you rather have your mother marry me than him?
The wife of Harold Ryan is going to marry a pansy next?  This is the end of Western Civilization as far as I'm concerned.  You must be crazy as a fruitcake.
I feel like I want to yell my head off--just yell anything.  Bulllllllllllllll-dickey!
That goes double for me.
What a relief!
I worship your father.  That stuffed alligator your mother gave me--the one he shot?  It's the proudest thing in my apartment.
Men can touch other men, and it doesn't mean a thing.  Haven't you ever seen football players after they've won the Superbowl?
You sure misunderstood something-- and we'd better get it straight.
What's this?
Kid--kid--
I had not the slightest inkling.  Why didn't you say so?
You bet I'll worry about it.  I said something wrong?
Something's made you sore.
She's my date tonight.  What do you want her to do--bring the poor old jaguars back to life with a bicycle pump?  Bugger off!  Ask Paul what he thinks.  Your mother looks beautiful--right?  Kid?  Doesn't your mother look nice?  Paul?
He's the most wonderful guy I ever met, Penelope.  He's the most complicated guy I ever met.  I can't believe it, but he's going to take me to Africa with him.
Well--it was nice while it lasted. Thanks for the memories.
What's so wonderful if I lost the sale?  You poor kid.
I didn't make my move fast enough. That's it, isn't it?  I was too respectful.
You're saying no.
Marry me instead.
I feel as though I had been made a perfect chump of.
How long has this been going on?
We got a birthday cake, kid.  Did you see the cake?
He told me to take a flying fuck at the moon.
He said one other thing.  It wasn't very nice.
Before he started to run.  He said his father carried a key to this apartment around his neck--and someday we'd all hear the sound of that key in the door.
They had this cake somebody else hadn't picked up.  It says, "Happy Birthday, Somebody Else."
For Harold.  When Paul comes home, we can have some birthday cake.
Then I saw this bakery store that was still open, so I bought a birthday cake.
I figure he ducked in one place and ducked out another.
It's dark in there. PENELOPE And that's where he is!
He ditched me.  He started running, and I started running, then he lost me in the park.
Far as I know.
Yeah.
We could have had some kind of birthday party for him.  We could have taken Paul to the fight with us.
Beautiful!  I've never seen that coat.
Women are always late.  You'll find out.
If you'll pardon the expression, that's when you'll see the fur and feathers fly.  Good night.
That's when I'll get my confidence back.
When Harold is definitely out of the picture, Penelope, when I don't have to worry about doing him wrong or you wrong or Paul wrong.  I'm going to ask you to be my wife.
Something happens to my confidence.
You don't wrestle if you don't have supreme confidence, and I wrestled. But when I get with you, and I say to myself, "My God--here I am with the wife of Harold Ryan, one of the great heroes of all time--"
If you want to wrestle, you got Lehigh.  If you want to play tennis, you go to Vanderbilt.
I was captain of the wrestling team at Lehigh University.
All through the day I'm so confident.  That's why I'm such a good salesman, you know?  I have confidence, and I look like I have confidence, and that gives other people confidence.  People laugh sometimes when they find out I'm a vacuum cleaner salesman.  They stop laughing, though, when they find out I made forty-three thousand dollars last year.  I've got six other salesmen working under me, and what they all plug into is my confidence.  That's what charges them up.
He'd assume we had.
He'd kill me.  He'd be right to kill me, too--the kind of guy he is.
I keep having this nightmare--that he catches us.
He's not anybody to tell somebody else what to do in a master bedroom.
We can take off the "Wanda June" with a butter knife.
Then we'd stay home and eat venison or something, and look through the scrapbooks.  I've got a friend who has a whole freezer full of striped bass and caribou meat.  I'm going to bring that boy back.
I feel like I've been double- crossed.  If you'd just told me it was Harold's birthday--
If he'd just get into scouting, and camp out some, and see how everybody roughhouses around the fire--
If he'd just come out for the Little League, the way I asked him, he'd find out we touch all the time--shove each other, slug each other, and just horse around.  I'm going to go get him--
Kid--kid--
You think you're so funny.  You're not even funny.  Right?  Right?  You don't hurt yourself if you start out slow.
You ever hear the story about the boy who carried a calf around the barn every day?
Start with the smallest weights. Every week add a pound or two.
You can believe that if you want. I talk to guys like you, and I want to commit suicide.  You get that weight-lifting set I sent you?
None of my relatives are Chinese Communists.  Speak for yourself.
I'm sick of this argument.  I just have one more thing to say: If you elect a President, you support him, no matter what he does.  That's the only way you can have a country!
Penelope!  We're late!
Phooey.
Or get eaten alive.
You've got to fight from time to time.
Is that a fact?
Hi kid.  Would you look what the car dragged in.
