Ja?
That is sad.
Ach soooooooooo. MILDRED No grown woman is a fan of premature ejaculation.  Harold would come home trumpeting and roaring.  He would the kick the furniture with his boots, spit into corners and the fireplace.  He would make me presents of stuffed fish and helmets with holes in them. He would tell me that he had now earned the reward that only a woman could give him, and he'd tear off my clothes.  He would carry me into the bedroom, telling me to scream and kick my feet.  That was very important to him.  I did it.  I tried to be a good wife.  He told me to imagine a herd of stampeding water buffalo.  I couldn't do that, but I pretended I did.  It was all over--ten seconds after he'd said the word "buffalo." Then he'd zip up his pants, and go outside, and tell true war stories to the little kids.  Any little kids.
Because he was cruel?
You want to join the Harold Ryan Fan Club?  Wear a pink jacket with a yellow streak up the back?
You were Harold Ryan's third wife. Right?
Aha!  Hello!  You're Mildred, right?
You bet! "The Harold Ryan Fan Club." Pink, eh?  With a yellow streak up the back.  We got very good tailor shops up here.  They'll make you any kind of uniform, any kind of sweatsuit you want.  Judas Iscariot--he's got this black jacket with a skull and crossbones over the heart.  He walks around all hunched over, and he never looks anybody in the eye, and written on the back of his jacket are the words, "Go take a flying--
It was almost worth the trip--to find out that Jesus Christ in Heaven was just another guy, playing shuffleboard.  I like his sense of humor, though--you know? He's got a blue-and-gold warm-up jacket he wears.  You know what it says on the back? "Pontius Pilate Athletic Club." Most people don't get it.  Most people think there really is a Pontius Pilate Athletic Club.
Jack the Ripper plays shuffleboard.
Mozart plays shuffleboard.
We have enough for a shuffleboard team.  In Heaven, shuffleboard is everything.  Hitler plays shuffleboard.
Yes, we do.
