And you're solid on that?
That'll bring me down, too. Eventually.  You gotta know that.
Just one more.  This one knocks off all the rest.
You're the one who's nuts! There's no one left to touch us, Booth.  We're home free!  We just plant a little of the money on Dwayne, and it's all ours.
It's NOT too late!
Dwayne had the opportunity, just like us.  He was at the scene.  He grabbed the cash.  Of course.  This is perfect!
I know, I know.  Dwayne's dead, but we can deal with it.  We'll pin it on him.  The DEA was driving Jesse's car. No car phone.  No radio.  They couldn't have called me in.
What do you mean?  Look.  We can make still make it work.
We got to get out of here.  Do you understand?  We got to get out of here right now!
Booth, listen to me...Booth!
What happened?  What's Earl doing here?
Oh Jesus...
That's right.
We'll take the money and disappear! We can do it, spend it on the move. Even if all of it's marked, there's ways around it.
No we're not.
I don't know.  They got all kinds of high-tech shit nowadays.
I don't know for sure, but why else would they head for the bank?
Do you have everything?
Come on. Booth grabs the bag --
Yes I DO!  It never woulda stopped, you know that.  Jesse's always gonna be making mistakes and we'd be paying for them for the rest of our lives.
We're doing what we gotta do, to protect ourselves!
It's gonna be o.k.
Even if we have the tape, that wouldn't shut him up!
There it is...now what about the others?
I'm just making our intentions clear. Go check the desk.
I don't know!  Shit, give me a break!
Who said anything about killing?  Just keep driving straight...
How badly do you want that money?! How bad do you want to stay out of jail?
I don't know...we have to shut him up somehow. Booth looks at Earl --
I don't think he's going to be doing any bargaining with us, the stupid son-of-a-bitch!  Besides, I'm not giving him a third of anything, not after everything we had to do.
If you're any friend at all, you'll stop talking like that!
Neither do I.
You think he's bluffing?
You're out of your mind.
Well I mean it this time.  Come on.  Let's get this over with!
For Christ's sake, Booth, I just needed to take care of a few debts is all!  You got my word on it --I'm not going near it again until everything cools down.
He's going to be trouble.
Forget the copies!  He could have made up the copies -- the only thing that incriminates us is the original.
All we have to do is get our hands on the original tape.  We'll set him up somehow.
I've got a better idea.  All we have to do is straighten out Jesse.
Well I'm not!  Thinks he's got us by the balls.
I could kill that no good son of a bitch!
Exactly.  This is our little secret, partner.
Listen.  Do you want to go to jail? Taking evidence, tampering with a crime scene.  You know what they'd do.
Okay then.  I'll do it.
Well neither have I, but it's us or him.  If he talks, or writes a note	or whatever, he's gonna turn us in.  Besides, he's just a low life scumbag.  His kind is hardly even human anyway.
I don't know...
Shit!  We're gonna have to get rid of him.  I'm not letting some gangbanger ruin my life.  We can't risk it.
How long you been lying there playing possum with us, huh? Answer me!
Man take it easy!  You're sweating like crazy!
It's the stupid thing to do, that's what it is.
Are you nuts?  They'll fry us for sure.  There's no way we're doin' that, you understand?  No way.
No we didn't.  He died on his own.
Well, we didn't know that at the time.
I don't know you want me to put on my cape and fly there?!  We're going to play it cool... besides there might be nothing on that tape anyway...
I don't know...
Fair enough, I'll take it to my place.
Well we didn't kill him, he died on his own.
I tell you it was a miracle the way things turned out --
Listen. Do you want to go to jail? Taking evidence, tampering with a crime scene.  You know what they'd do.
Okay then.  I'll do it.
Well neither have I, but it's us or him.  If he talks, or writes a note, or whatever, he's gonna turn us in.  Besides, he's a low life scumbag.  His kind is hardly even human anyway.
I don't know...
I'm not letting some gangbanger send me to jail.  We can't risk it.
How long you been lying there playing possum with us, huh? Answer me!
I don't know!  Son of a bitch! Who the hell are you?
What are you gonna do?
Well, we won't do any of that shit!
What's that?
We'll leave a few packets in the trunk, and stash the rest somewhere else.  Car went up in the gunfight.
We'll torch the bases, how's that?
All right we will.
Maybe.  Who cares?
They killed themselves.  Besides, they were breaking the law.  What they were doing was wrong!  Whatsamatter Booth, don't you believe in miracles?
That's right!
It's no accident we stumbled on this money.  It's an answer to a prayer!  Every night and every day I've prayed that God would just -- help me out a little, give me a little push.  Tonight my prayer came true.
Because...I know.
I'll worry about that when it happens and if it happens, and it's not gonna happen!
Who's going to question us? Dwayne?  Jesse?
We would never have to worry about money -- ever again, Jesus!
We'll figure something out.
Why?
Hell, it won't be us!
Come on Booth!  Look at these scumbags around us.  Who's going to know what happened!  Let's take it and get out of here!
Robbed a bank, c'mon!  Don't you think we would have heard if one, two --  shit I don't know how many were at large!  Don't you think there would be a bulletin?  This is a big ass drug deal!
Look around you partner!  You said yourself you never saw anything like it.
Why?  Are you kidding me?
I mean -- Earl grabs Booth's arm --
What are we going to do?
There must be over a million dollars in here.
They're out of towners... Arizona plates...
That's what everyone thinks.  But according to him, when it's the real thing, it's quite an intimidatin' environment in which to concentrate.
Oh, you would have done great.
Cash and Carry, you know, FDR, World War two...
He would have won more but he blew it at the end.  Didn't know what Cash and Carry was.
Yeah...I remember my brother-in-law Gary, the wheel watcher.  He finally got on the show and won seven thousand dollars!  Plus some leather furniture. Do you think I saw any of that?  His excuse was the government got it all.
I would have asked my sister, but its better to leave family out, always leads to trouble.
Thanks for the loan, man.  I'll have it in a few days, I promise.
How old is Otis anyhow, thirty?
I knew you'd come through. Jesse observes the transaction Booth and Earl start to leave.
Ready to roll, partner?
Hell, I don't know.  If I had some input I'd offer it up.
I don't know.
What makes you say that?
Why?
Don't worry the real men are in charge now.
Easy to purchase, hard to detect. Too much potassium can kill a man.  Just have to...pick a discreet spot.
We gotta, Jesse.  It's tough, but you didn't leave us any choice.  We gotta know where the tapes are.
I don't suppose you'll tell us where the tape is.
We're gonna talk.
You're never getting that much.
Well you can't have it.
Oh Jesus Christ...
What do you mean?  You gambled it?
Well you're not getting, either.
What?
We're out of here.
And if we refuse?  Your tampering with evidence isn't exactly a misdemeanor, did you ever consider that?
Then what the hell are you all about?
Absolutely positively.
You've done without it long enough, ma.
Ah, hell I'll get one soon enough.  Besides, I want you to have it.
Yeah.  Figured you could have it.
Yep, fifteen thousand BTU's, enough to cool off this whole place.
And not just any air conditioner. This baby sells for over six hundred dollars retail.
Well basically I forgot about it, you know, you never win these things, but this time, well...
There was this raffle going on at the station, some charity or church was running it, I forget, so I figure what the hell put in my five bucks...
Yeah sure I'll grab something before I go...  Hey -- I've got a surprise.
At least around here it does.
Nope. If you're a criminal you don't carry ID, and if you do you're a damn fool.
It was pretty gory ma, let me tell you.  But you have to turn all that off, and do your job, just like pop used to say.
Well, same ol' same ol'.
Yeah.
I was in the neighborhood.
Hi ma.
