It's odd.  I don't know how Denning had the time, or the ability to buy something local, based on his situation.
Denning was wearing a bug.
Well, we have one lead and that's what I'm looking into next.
Yes.  Wife and a kid.  Don't blame yourself, Deputy.  You did all you could.  You have our deepest gratitude...and my personal thanks.
Normally we would have tracked him with a wiretap, but it was standard for him to occasionally drop out when working with these guys. The last we heard from him was two days ago.
Maybe.  That's where it was during Denning's last report.
Because someone may have gotten away.
Thank you.  Now, do you remember seeing any vehicles traveling near the site, on your way to or from?
Hello.
Thanks for your time.
Be more specific.  A month, a week...
Could it have been this?
What did he buy?
OK...this is good.  Our first solid lead.
Dwayne...  It is imperative that we keep this confidential.	Now we know someone's out there.  Very close. It may even be the son of a bitch that killed my partner.
Sheriff Hogan --
Well you can understand why we didn't say anything.  If word got out that we had a track on the money it would only work against us.
We don't know.  Whoever got this payload together has one hell of a laundering system.
Mm-hmm...
Don't you have to be here?
Oh that was Agent Wallace.  We're going to check into something.
Because they don't want anyone to hear what's on it, obviously.
Well, unfortunately Denning's not here to tell us, but I would say someone got their hands on that tape and switched it.
Maybe.  Maybe not.
Uh, no...
We appreciate that.
Well nothing audible to us.  Maybe the lab can pick something up.
Yeah.  I told him I'd be there before five.
He kept a recording of all such transactions in order to keep track of who's who, what was said, what's happening.  I contacted your local coroner, and he found it taped to his back.
I wanted to ask you some questions about last night.
Not getting an answer?  For Christ's sake!  Call 911!  Let's get it locked down here!
This isn't right...
Yeah.
We're going to find out.
I knew it, I knew it all along - shit!
No, it doesn't.  Neither does his blank tape.  Any news on that?
So someone did get away.
So...what's the good news?
That doesn't tell us much. Did you run a check on the gas like I told you?
There was more than that.
Anything in it?
Give me the bad news.
