Good luck to you, Annie.
Promise?
Now, are you sure you want to drive that horse back yourself? There are plenty of people 'round here who do that sort of thing.
I think I'm going to have my hands full with the son of mine when you leave. Just might be his first broken heart.
Well, I am going to go after lunch.
He's a good man, Tom is. He's got a gift, come from heaven above, I swear. But he's still a man. And a woman can lead a man into the middle of a mountain lake -- and still make him think he's on dry land.
Annie, I'm not good at this kind of talk -- goes round and round a thing but never comes to it -- so let's just say what it is. When you first came here, I didn't like you and I was worried. Tom means a lot to me and this family. Don't go looking here for whatever you looking for. Don't make that man go through something it took him a long time to see his way clear out of the first time.
Yes, it does.
They don't come better. But I don't deny there are times I wonder about things I won't have. Maybe one day I'll get to see Egypt. Maybe not. But I know if you try too many different lives, you can wind up with no life at all...
I fell in love. After that, I never thought about being anything but a rancher's wife. I never saw it like I was losing some other life, just felt like I was gaining one. I know that's not a popular opinion nowadays and I ain't saying it's the right one. We all have to find the life meant for us.
Guess you don't have to figure it out until you go home.
You don't seem to upset?
They fired you?
Must be nice for you to take a few days off from your work, huh?
Soon. We're going to Branson, Missouri to see my cousin Emma married. Frank loves in there.
I'd love to go there one time...
What was it like?
I was looking in one of your magazines and saw that picture of the couple getting married at the Pyramids. Were you ever in Egypt?
No reason you should, no reason you should.
I'll help you with the coffee.
Oh, it's... I wanted to tell you that, if you'd like, you being so busy, I could take Grace to her therapy exercises for you. I have to go in once a week for shopping anyway.
Ha, she loves telling this story about how when he was two years old, he ran off. They found him in the barn, sleeping between two giant hooves of a Percheron stallion. She said that horse was protecting him and nobody could convince her otherwise.
Always did. I think she favored him a little. You tend to when you have more than one, even though you love 'em all the same.
Mm-mm. I never knew him. He died before Frank and I met. This here's...  Frank and Tom's mother and father... there's little Frank and Tom...
Oh, you can just set up on the dining table. I have to rearrange my shelves tomorrow.
How's Peterson's holding up for you?
No imposition. Plenty of food. Gonna get pretty dark soon. Hard to find a place.
Mrs. MacLean -- why don't you and daughter stay for dinner?
Pasture? Oh, that stretch of field near the hill? Yeah.
Sure.  Does your daughter want to come inside?
There's coffee inside... I was just bringing this to Tom.
Frank's touchy about his cousins.  Well, it was nice to meet you, Mr. MacLean.
Oh Frank, don't forget the wedding present -- it's behind the door in the laundry room.  I got her a pasta maker from the catalogue... Not that they'll know what to do with it in Branton, Missouri... Probably use it as a planter.
You!
They're already all settled in, Frank. Anyway, I'm sure Annie wants her privacy.
What?
I guess they'll want feeding and all, out here all day long.
... well, I just think she's got a lot of nerve showing up here. Draggin' that child and that poor animal all the way...  You eat with those fingers again and you know what'll happen!  Frank, don't you think she's got a nerve?
I have some brownies left over. Want one?
Ain't brain surgery.
Ha...
Well, that's just what we need on a cattle ranch -- a vegetarian from New York.
What, they ain't going forty miles into Choteau everytime they want a hamburger.
