Shut up, knave!
Don't look so shocked, Phillippe. Come, you're going back to prison.
I grow closer to my target, your Majesty.
Your Majesty...
If I find out the identity of this Jesuit rebel.  I will kill both him and the man who told me.
How can I serve you in this?
Well... perhaps you should speak with them, your Majesty.
Your birthday celebration, your Majesty?
Then to the Bastille.
Perhaps he serves a different king.
Perhaps.  But of d'Artagnan I am certain.  What he did tonight was what he told us all along he would do -- be faithful to his King.
He seeks redemption.
Bloody hell...
Remember, Phillippe... nobility is born in the heart.
It presses us but it is good for us too!  Louis' whims make him more vulnerable.  We are less ready, but so are his guards!
Louis is planning a visit to the Vatican, then who knows where after that.  If we miss him now we may not get another chance.
You said you'd do anything, Athos, anything to replace this King.  So do it.
I offer you the perfect revolution. A revolution without bloodshed, without any loss of life, even without treason, for he too is the son of the King.
He can learn to be Phillippe in time.  But first he must learn to be Louis, and for that he has two more days.
Paris.  There is still much to do. We'll be back soon.  Be ready.
The mask is terrifying... especially when unexpected.  Do you notice?
Come now, Athos, if Porthos is determined to end his life, then he will certainly manage to find the opportunity.
He's threatened to do it, it's been building up in him for months.
About to hang himself, I should think.
Now.  You were saying?
Going into the barn naked -- or so it appears.
Go on.
You grow fond of him.  That's good.
The King is having a ball, a masquerade ball.  It is the perfect opportunity and perhaps our only one.  At any time Phillippe could be discovered, and what then?  Remember France.  Remember the poor. Remember Raoul.  More wine!!  Where are those serving girls...?
Three days.
You can do it.
More wine!!
How is he?
Yes, and he has a choice!
Do you think I have not considered that?  I have a plan -- and you may rest assured that it is brilliant!
Those can be adopted --
I have it all worked out.
There is that, of course -- but mainly it is because I am so much smarter than everyone else.
Those are the words of a broken spirit.  My spirit is whole.  I have trusted d'Artagnan with my deepest secrets, and I will never believe he is my enemy.
You are bitter, Athos.  You are torn by grief, not only for Raoul, but for d'Artagnan, whom you love, and now treat as an enemy.
You seek facts, when it would be better to seek truth.
Tomorrow.
Excellent, Athos.  You have a keen sense of this man.
A body.
Come, we have a boat waiting.
Soon enough.  Here we are.
Making the key to the throne.
It can.  I know the way.
Replace the king.
Well here is the problem at hand: the King has ordered me to discover the identity of the Governor General of Jesuits, and kill him.  As our English rivals have left the Catholic Church, Louis has struck on a plan to dominate the whole of Europe by uniting Church and State and making himself head of both.  He has already picked the Pope.  Only the Jesuits, who put God above throne or papacy, stand in his way.
D'Artagnan... Those are young Musketeers down there.  They have been weaned on our legends.  They revere us -- it is an advantage. Why don't we charge them?
They will know you helped us, if we go this way.
Phillippe, get into the boat.  Into the boat!  Now!
Pull them back!
Pull them back, d'Artagnan.
I know.  God go with you.
I have heard many confessions, d'Artagnan.  But even if I were not a priest, I could tell your heart has a secret weight, and it is hurting you to carry it alone.
I will need you all.  All for one. One for all.
Look at us.  We are old men now.  But once we were young.  And when we saw injustice, we fought it.
Still you serve him loyally -- though people hurl rotten eggs at his royal emblem.
A simple theological discussion.
D'Artagnan.  Perhaps you should accept his offer, for we are dead anyway.
Bread and wine... in that cupboard.
We will make our own luck tonight... if Phillippe holds up.
The Queen Mother.  Anne.
But what if something extraordinary happened?  Something so unusual that all the attention went to someone else?  Someone whose confirmation of Phillippe the King would never be questioned.
Then let him kill me, if all my faith is wrong.
So was Mary Magdalene, and our Lord loved her.
Come on...
We go someplace dangerous.
Coming?
You've been moping for months.  Now that you've gotten the idea of killing yourself out of the way, you can stop boring me and start being useful to me.  Now get some rest.
Because the old king had a twin as well, and through his whole reign his brother fought him for the throne.  Then he had two heirs, not just sons but twins.  So he decided that one be put away, as if he never existed.  You, Phillippe.
I carried the king's child!  The queen had twins that night, and one of them was sent away, in secret!
No, not Louis!
Not just a baby, Porthos.  I carried the child of the king.
But I was on duty...
The greatest secret of life is who we truly are.  Now I must give you that secret, which has been kept from you your whole life.  It began on the night when Louis was born.
I will answer all your questions. But first soap, water, and a razor.
And why are you so glum?
Easy to say, but hard to do.  For what I am trying to tell you is that I am the Governor General of Jesuits in France.
So they tell us.  But what are we to believe when the king is a tyrant, and the Church, meant to stand for all those oppressed, has become the tool of oppression?  When no conscience is tolerated?  No dissent, no objection?
Catacombs.  Very holy.
It is also a place of burial.
Jesus of Nazareth found the holy among the profane.  If we are to have a place of private prayer, where better than here, beside the channels where the shit and the garbage run to the river?
Hell may be our destination, dear Porthos, but not this trip.
Can't you see I'm praying, goddammit?!
Forgiveness.
There are more important things than tits.
Be quiet, you fat fool.  Can't you see I'm praying?
