To the Bastille.  And death.
So what has changed?
You're a fool!
We can't... stay here.  That traitor d'Artagnan... knows about this place.
Hold your goblet with two fingers.
But --
Aramis, this will never --
But --
What you're asking is impossible!
But Aramis -- !  Phillippe can learn in time, but --
Where are you going?!
All I noticed was that Phillippe feels even more like an animal.
Poor Phillippe!
But -- but --
We must stop him!
Hang himself?!
But -- what is he doing?
But -- what is Porthos doing?
Don't play God with me, Aramis I --
Phillippe -- he's very bright, he's perceptive, but he is in such turmoil --
Three days??!!
In a year, maybe two, I could teach him enough to --
You must reconsider this plan. Phillippe is like a child, he --
Resting, he's had a long day. Aramis --
It is not just our lives you risk with this conceit of yours!  It is Phillippe's as well!
And people close to him, who --
Physical resemblance is but one small thing!  Louis has an arrogance, a manner --
Switch?!  That is your plan?  It is ludicrous!
Then you are a fool -- a fool who has never lost a son.  What gives you the right to judge me, to play God with the lives of others?  Is it because you are so much holier than everyone else?!
He who is not with us is against us.
You are not my priest, Aramis!  You would not be, even if I had one.
Tonight!  Right now!  We steal a man from a royal prison, we hide in a country chateau among an assortment of saints and sluts such as only you could provide, and still you wish to tell me nothing?!
Who is he, Aramis?
His plight is obvious, isn't it?
Prison was horrible but it was his home.  He's been torn from it by strangers.  He's frightened, exhausted -- and the mask is familiar.  Let him rest in it tonight, and remove it tomorrow.
I see that is a body!  But where did you get it?
What is that?
The Prison of Belle Sur.
Porthos sleeps, and you plot.  Don't you think it's time you told me what it is you are plotting?
What are they doing?
I am with you!
What do you propose to do?
And some problems cannot be settled without one.
It's a prison, you idiot!  They don't expect anyone to try getting in!  The problem will come when we want out!
You are right.  But it is a trap.
He lures us to capture.
At a ball, everyone watches the King!
What do we do now?
Who does?
Raoul --
Raoul, no... You cannot do this.  No matter how your heart is broken --
Fromberge...?!  At the front?!  No.
Die?  What...?
Piglet -- ?  What are you -- ?
Michelle cannot possibly accept!
But -- are you sure?
That must be Raoul!  Raoul!  Look, d'Artagnan's come to visit...! What's wrong?  You look awful!
She died giving you to me.  And I want to die knowing it is one the finger of the women my son loves.
Perhaps this will help.
None of the ladies will be able to take their eyes off you.
He lies.  He is here to trap us.
If you ever loved me -- if you ever loved honor, or anything else -- then stand now, and let it happen.
Why do you follow him, d'Artagnan?! I know you have put service above your own life, but why does this King deserve such loyalty?  He is a monster!  He executes ministers for his own blunders, with their families hostage so they take the blame!  He has no honor!
It is honor you serve, and when the king is dishonorable you are removed from your oath of honor!
The King killed my son!
To kill the king.
Get out of my way.
Save my son, d'Artagnan.
You trust his character more than anyone else does.
Oh my friend.
Raoul is everything to me.
What hope is there?  A wartime commission cannot be vacated except by the king, and what chance is there of that?  Fromberge is on the battle line, and Raoul --
You knew this was happening.  You knew and that's why you came.
She's a woman, d'Artagnan!  From a poor family.  You may still be young enough to believe love conquers everything, but I am old and hard and I've seen too much.  Even when kings are hunchbacks they have any woman they desire, because power seduces even more than love!
This cannot be.  Everyone knows the Queen Mother is a recluse, and the ladies-in-waiting are but mistresses for the king!
I was feeling sorry for myself. Raoul is getting married, he proposed today!  I love that boy beyond all measure, I've spent everything I own to give him education and opportunity.  Now he has complete happiness, and I mope.
Another?  How many times have you saved his life in this year alone? Three?  Four?
Midnight!  Mon dieu!  Driving the youngsters hard, eh?
You can't drink with a friend you haven't seen in months?
Life is too long.  Except when we have our friends.  Look at you! You're still a boy!  Sit, sit!  I'll open a bottle of wine.
D'Artagnan!
D'Artagnan...
One for all.  All for one.
Phillippe...?
She will be at the ball.
Your mother's.
These rooms are yours.  Up these stairs -- or through this hidden passage -- is the room of your mistress... Michelle.
How did you know -- ?
No!  Do not be sorry!  Never be sorry!  The King cares for nothing and for no one!  There are no mistakes when you are King!  What you do is right for every person!  A King has contempt for everyone!
I will sit with you.  I can't sleep either.
I did not share beauty with someone... who is no longer here for me to share beauty with.
It is something I have done -- or did not do.
I suppose... it is to remember there are many people who have never been in a prison, who pass such beauty every day, and never see it.
The desire for vengeance... can be a poison.
Phillippe... there is something I hope you understand.  Terrible cruelty has been used against you. And... you must understand that you did nothing to deserve it.
Recent hours have been a shock.
Phillippe.  Rest now.
And you never knew why?
Who came?
Are you hungry?
