Anne... The night we had together... I always wanted more.  But that one, it was enough.  Enough to make me love you forever.  I want you to remember that... and go on.  As strong as you are now.  No matter what happens.
There were two.  Not one.  But two.
I have never seen a sight more beautiful than you, tonight.
My Queen...
Anne...!  I know... I know that to love you is treason against France. But not to love you... is treason against my heart.
I can't bear to see you cry.  What is wrong?
M'lady... if anyone sees, it is death...
What -- ?
M'lady...?
No, M'lady.
God smiled upon us.
M'lady...?
I trained those men myself.  They will stand and fight.  But if we are to die, let it be this way.
That doesn't matter now.
Once you are through, don't stop until you reach the river.
Everyone back.
You can't do it.
I cannot betray Louis.  I will defend him with my life.
The secret I carry I cannot share. Not even with God.
You -- You cannot ask me to betray my king!  I have sworn to him!
No!  Stop --
We have grown wiser with age.  Now we know that some problems cannot be settled with a sword.
Aramis -- the King wishes to see you.
I came to see you safely out.  Check for yourself.
I cannot, Athos.  Dearly as I love you, I cannot.
No man is all bad... or all good.  I believe -- I must believe -- that Louis can learn.  And perhaps I can help him.
An oath is an oath precisely because it cannot be removed!
The cannons killed Raoul!  The cannons, and love.  But not the King.
Athos!  I know life means nothing to you at this moment, but I will not let you kill yourself.
Where are you going?
Athos, I beg you --
Athos, please...!
Raoul is hurrying to the front, so I must hurry too.
I will also speak with the King, for he is surely unaware of the problems his invitation to Mademoiselle Beaufort has caused.
I know.
I have dispatches a message to Fromberge requesting that Raoul be kept far from the fighting.
I fear I know our King.  I came to try to bring you hope.
If the young woman truly loves Raoul --
I heard your playing.
They must stay sharp.  There was an attempt on the King's life today.
I have ordered a drill of the Royal Guard for midnight, and must be clear-headed for it.
Thanks, but not for me.
It's been too long.
Athos, my friend!
There.
Aramis, Porthos and Athos too.  I know what they have done was a threat against you -- and yet that threat has been removed, with no harm coming to your Majesty.  If their passions were in error, their spirits have ever been noble. Forgive them.
Not once have I ever asked anything for myself.  I ask now.  Forgive this man, this prisoner... your brother.
Your Majesty... This man before you... He is royal blood, the same as you.  To spill it is the one thing even you cannot do.  It is against the laws of God, and of France.
I -- I thought he was but... an impostor who resembled --
... You knew you had a double?
Yes, your Majesty.
It shall be done, your Majesty.
Your Majesty...?
Your Majesty.  This ball, with an open invitation to the nobility of Paris -- we have no way of checking --
I just left the garden, it was empty.  What did you see?
Thank you, your Majesty.
Order Fromberge to keep him in safety!  It is the least you can do, to protect your own honor!
At least help Raoul.
Not criticize -- plead.  Love.  Love your people, and you will not bear to see them hungry.  Love women, and they will love you.  Love yourself, and --
There is more to love than he knew, or that you know.
It is not Raoul's heart alone that concerns me.  It is yours.  I know you find women compliant -- especially the poorer ones like Michelle.  But do they love you?  Do you love them?  What about a queen to love?  A son of your own?
Your Majesty has had many women --
In his mind, anyway, and soon enough in hers.  She had written him many letters of love.
Mademoiselle Michelle Beaufort.  She is betrothed to Raoul, the son of Athos the Musketeer, who has served France through many tribulations.
Then there is one more thing, of an even more personal nature.
It is for your security that I have come, your Majesty -- for the security of your honor.
But I deployed the Royal Guards according to your previous --
Then you must allow me to stay close to you so that --
The plans for use of the maze were not disclosed to me.
Your Majesty...
Phillippe!
No.  Even if I could give up my friends, I could never give up my son.
I must insist, Sire.
Sire, we have an emergency -- of security.  I must ask you to accompany me.
