Wear it until you love it.  And die in it!!
D'Artagnan, you will hunt down Aramis, Porthos and Athos, and bring me their heads, or I will have yours.  And as for you, Phillippe... Back to the prison you shall go, and into the mask you hate.
He is nothing now.
What had you to do with this, Mother?
My guards are useless!  Take her from me!
It -- it doesn't matter, Mother!  He is dead now!  Dead!
You have prayed too much.  Your mind is weak.
Why would you ask now?  You never asked before!
I am King, Mother!  And I do not wish to discuss this with you.
He is dead!  By God's choice!  There is nothing to discuss.
What is it, mother?
I am preparing for a ball!
Mother -- ?
D'Artagnan, arrest them all!
Phillippe?!  Why do you call me --
Wh-- Wha--
You bring me the heart of the Jesuit General, and you will have a palace of your own.
How goes that favor I asked of you?
Once a Musketeer, always a Musketeer, eh?
Perhaps you can find out who this secret leader of the Jesuits is. You are now a priest, but you were once a Musketeer, serving the throne of France, a throne ordained of God. Can you accept this mission, and keep it private?
I have demanded it -- and common priests present themselves!  Can you imagine the arrogance?  Common Jesuit priests try to act as my equals, and they refuse to reveal the names of anyone else in their order!  No one can keep secrets like the Jesuits can, and the identity of their leader is the darkest secret they hold.  Even the Pope himself does not know who leads the Jesuit Order in France!  He suspects the Governor General of Jesuits, whoever he is, is angling to become Pope himself.
Next week.  This is a mere garden party -- and I wish to join it, so I will be brief.  I am experiencing resistance from the Jesuits.
Where is Michelle?
They have plotted against me!  Me! The embodiment of God's will!
Forgive?!
Get out of my way.
My twin.  Which has kept him alive. Until now.
He is my brother.
I was told this impostor was dead!
Even the bedchamber passages!  Let none remain!
I want all these passages sealed! Another stupid idea of my father's! Seal them all, every one!
... tired.  Must... lie down.
You will protect me as you always have, d'Artagnan.
It... was nothing.  A nightmare, nothing more.  Go away, I --
I will consider it.  Now leave me.
Silence!  I order you!
That is enough!  You are a good servant, d'Artagnan, but you forget your place!
You dare criticize my father?!  Or lecture me?!
What quaint notions, d'Artagnan! But they contradict my father, who picked his queen when he was old, and only then to bear me.
That is my desire, and my desire is what should concern you, not the sentiments of some commoner!
Miss Beaufort has accepted our invitation.  By this we can only suppose that she wishes to come -- as we wish her to be here.
Betrothed?  I think not.
A personal nature?
I already know about the riots, d'Artagnan, I heard them out there whispering.  Some fool gave the order to distribute rotten food.  I will deal with it tomorrow.
Aaa!  D'Artagnan!  These passages were constructed for the King's security, not so you could step from my father's portrait and startle me to death!
Let us play a game, d'Artagnan, let us pretend I am King and you are Captain of my Musketeers.  Let us behave as if my wish is law.  And my wish is to enjoy this party!
I am King, d'Artagnan.  I will change my mind as I wish, and I will enjoy my banquet as I wish!
I decided it this morning.
What is it, d'Artagnan?  Assassins falling from the sky now?
Shoot them!  Shoot them!
Cowards!  Twenty run from four?!
When he returns, watch him.  When he leaves again, you tell me.
Now.  Where is d'Artagnan?
Not by you.  I will order d'Artagnan to do it.
You may go, Lieutenant.
Who was Athos seeking?  Tell me! Did he try to enter the palace?
Did they kill him?
Yes, yes, go on.
Exactly why it should be given away.
Ah yes, the riots.  We have food stocks on the wharves right now, no?
Aramis!  I have been expecting you!  We are satisfied, that will do.
Sometimes the poor do grow hungry. But why would they riot about it?
Riots?  My people live in the world's most beautiful city, their king has the grandest palaces on earth.  Why should they feel anything but pride and contentment?
Listen, my darling... Raoul was a... a good friend.  And now he is dead and that is very sad but --
I will order a Mass for his soul. It will guarantee his place in Heaven.
I did not want to upset you.  It was tragic.  I did everything I could for him.  I ordered him positioned in a spot of complete safety, far from the fighting.  But he disregarded my wishes and charged into danger.
No, you may wait behind the screen.
If you don't want to be so appealing, why did you touch the rose to your skin?  Where was it? Here?
You are beautiful.  You know you are.
My dear, I've already done it.
Wait, no!  Do not be ashamed.  The straits of your family need not be permanent.  It is a simple matter to have them brought to one of my country estates, where they may have fine meals, and physicians to look after them.
This is more than you are used to. Your mother is a seamstress, your father is dead.  You have three younger sisters, two of whom suffer from consumption.  Don't look so surprised, Kings know such things.
The food doesn't please you?
Enough of this, our dinner waits.
From Raoul.  He urges you to guard your honor -- as if it could be in any danger... from your king.
A letter.  May I see?
How did I get in?  You're new here, and will soon learn many secrets. What is that?
You blush!  You do not wish to be beautiful to your King?
I would have said it was impossible, but I believe the excitement of the chase has made you even more beautiful.
