From what?
Sense of humour went with the memory, huh? You know why you're still here, don't you?
I think I know her.
Because you're relying on them alone. You Don't remember what you've discovered or how. Your notes might be unreliable.
You read it off your fucking photo. You don't know me, you don't even know who you are.
You can't just take it!
Quit it!							 * 					   * You're not a killer, Lenny. That's why			 * you're so good at it.						   *
My mother calls me Teddy. I'm John Edward Gammell. Cheer up, there's a lot of John		    * G's for us to find. All you do is moan.			* I'm the one that has to live with what			 * you've done. I'm the one that has to put		    * it all together. You just wander around			* playing detective. You're living a dream,		   * kid. A dead wife to pine for and a sense		    * of purpose to your life. A romantic quest		   * which you wouldn't end even if I wasn't			* in the picture.							    *
To set yourself a puzzle you won't ever solve. You know how many towns, how many		    * guys called James G? Or John G? Shit, Leonard, I'm a John G.
No. You took them out.						  *
Just some guy. Does it even matter who? I stopped asking myself why a long time ago. No reason, no conspiracy; just bad fucking luck. A couple of junkies, too			 * strung out to realize that your wife didn't live alone. When you killed him,			* I've never seen you so happy - I was convinced you'd remember. But it didn't stick, like nothing ever sticks. Like this won't stick.
I'm not. I was the cop assigned to your			* wife's death. I believed you, I thought			* you deserved the chance for revenge. I helped you find the other guy who was in your bathroom that night. The guy who cracked your skull and fucked your wife.		    * We found him and you killed him.				  *   MEMENTO - Green Revisions 10-4-99 115A.
You know, when we found your guy and			   * killed him.  That's right, the real John G. Over a			  * year ago. I helped you find him. He's			  * already dead.							 *
I thought so too! I was sure you'd				* remember. But you didn't.					    *
You won't remember!
No, you won't.
Why? You're never going to know.				  *
What difference does it make whether he			* was your guy or not?						    *
I guess I can only make you believe the things you want to be true, huh? Like ol'		   * Jimmy down there.
Are you sure?
Sammy didn't have a wife.
You exposed him for what he was: a fraud.
Sammy was a con man. A faker.
Like you've told yourself. Over and over. Conditioning yourself to believe. "learning through repetition" -
I dunno... your wife surviving the assault... her not believing about your condition... the doubt tearing her up inside.., the insulin -
You tell everyone about Sammy. Everyone who'll listen. "Remember Sammy Jankis, remember Sammy Jankis". Great story. Gets better every time you tell it. So you lie to yourself to be happy. Nothing wrong with that - we all do. Who cares if there's a few little things you'd rather not remember?
That, and your thing.						   *
Well, I hope it's not as serious as his, 'cos this guy's dead.
No. Don't worry, I'm a cop. Everything'll be okay. Is he still breathing?
What's wrong?
Wouldn't be appropriate.						*
I'm a snitch. He's a cop from out of town looking for information. The local boys put us in touch.
'Cos he fucking told me. He thinks it's funny. He's laughing at you.
He knows you're no good on the phone, so		    * he calls you up to bullshit you.				  * Sometimes you stop taking his calls, so			* he slips something under your door to			  * frighten you into answering your phone			 * again. He's been pretending to help you.		    * Feeding you a line of crap about John G.		    * being some local drug dealer.					*
Why? Come on, Leonard, we talked about this. It's not safe f or you to be walking around like this.
The Jaguar's out front. You didn't even Bother to put it around back.
Don't go back in there. There's a motel out of town.
I know, you investigated. Maybe you need to apply some of your investigative skills to yourself.
That's who you were, Lenny. You don't know who you are, who you've become since the incident. You're wandering around, playing detective... and you don't even know how long ago it was.
So in your grief you wandered into a Jaguar dealership?
Like how'd you get this car? That suit?
The sort of questions you should be asking yourself.
How long do you think you can hang around here before people start asking questions?
I won't be happy until you leave town.
I'm trying to help you. I knew she'd get her claws into you. She doesn't know anything about your investigation, so when she offers to help you, it'll be for her own reasons. Why would I lie? Do not go back to her. Take out a pen, write yourself a note, do not trust her.
She has no idea who I am.
She couldn't.
Guys who'll come after her. Guys who'll want to know what happened to her boyfriend. They'll want to make somebody pay. Maybe she'll try and make it you.
She's gonna use you. To protect herself.
She's involved with these drug dealers.
Because she'll have taken one look at your clothes and your car and started thinking of ways to turn the situation to her advantage. She's already got you staying with her, for fuck's sake.
Lenny, as a buddy, let me inform you. Your business here is very much finished. You're still here because of Natalie.
Sammy. Remember Sammy. You told me about Sammy.
Teddy. Your buddy.
Natalie who?
So what are you gonna do now?
You like it? Let's trade.
Fuck you. We shoulda taken his car.
So was he scared?
Give me your keys.
Easy for you to say, you've got the Jag.
We probably ought to take his car, you know, teach him a lesson.
Fucking hope not.
How'd ya get him in here in the first place?
He's got to have a car, right? We just take him back to his car and tell him to get the fuck out of town before we kill him.
Natalie? Natalie who?
I'm not gonna help you kill this guy, if that's what -
Think so? You don't know? Didn't you write it down?
No! Should I?
You called me. You wanted my help. You know, Lenny, I've had more rewarding friendships than this one. Although I do get to keep using the same jokes.
Probably left it in your room.
You're living.
You really want to find this guy?
Lenny, you can't trust a man's life to your little notes and pictures.
Well, the other day you made it sound like you thought somebody might be trying to set you up. Get you to kill the wrong guy.
The guy you're looking for, Johnny G. That's why you haven't left. Am I right?
Yeah, yeah. I heard enough about him. Tell me about John G. You still think he's here, right?
You don't have to remember to be hungry.
Only every time I see ya! Come on, I'll buy you lunch.
So I see. It's good to see you. My name's Teddy.
You said you were leaving town.
Lenny, it's Teddy. Look, stay there, okay? I'm gonna be right over.
Lenny, is that you?
Yup?
Yeah, it's just this fucked-up building.		    * Why are we going there?
What the hell you want to go there for?
This is your car.
Did you? I musta forgot. I'm Teddy.			    *
Lemme take you down in the basement and show you what you've become.
That's who you were, you don't know who you are.
Leonard, you don't have a clue what's going on. You don't even know my name.
Fuck you; I gave you a reason to live and		   * you were more than happy to help. You lie		   * to yourself! You don't want the truth,			 * the truth is a fucking coward. So you			  * make up your own truth.						 *
A load of amphetamine I told him I had.
His name's James F. Grantz, John G. Check		   * your tattoos.							 *
This bad cop. He checked you into the			  * Discount Inn. Then he's been calling you		    * for days, sticking envelopes under your			* door, telling you shit.						 *
Why would I have a gun?
