Well, yeah!  There's going to be major research up here.  First thing is to get some pictures of that one we dug up.
You're really leaving, huh?
Hi, guys.  Burt loaned me his camera.
Nope, there!  That's one.
Could we make it to the mountains?
We're not going over there, right?
VAL, STOP!  THEY'RE COMING!  DON'T MOVE!
Oh my God.
Well, we can take my truck then.
The mountains are solid granite. We'd be safe there, and we could hike along them...all the way to Bixby if we have to.
Well, I'm scared, but I'm not sorry.
Well, I was wondering if we could...
I might have an idea...
There's nothing like them in the fossil record, I'm sure...Okay, so they predate the fossil record...  That'd make them a couple of billion years old...and we've just never seen one till now.  Right.
Probably couldn't move too easily on the surface.
Yeah, I'm lucky it didn't find <u>me</u>.  This is important, you know.  This is like, well, let's say it, it's probably the biggest zoological discovery of the century.  The century?  Forget it.  <u>History</u>.
I don't see any eyes...must be totally subterranean...and those tentacles...
Thanks.  God, I hope they're not screwed up.  I might have to bag the whole semester. Anyway, sorry to bother you.
It worked!  There they go!
Wait!  How are you going to know they're all following it?
Listen, they only respond to vibration, right?  Couldn't we... distract them somehow?
Look, the situation hasn't changed. We still have to get to solid rock. There must be <u>some</u> way!
You guys do all the odd jobs.
Yeah, they're confused.  They can feel our vibrations, but they can't find us.
Why do you all keep asking me?
It does.
Yes, see, they move very easily through the Pleistocene Alluvials...  ...the dirt...the loose soil that makes up the valley floor.  But they can't move through solid rock. I think we should travel west to the mountains.
Ready?
Let's assume that it is.
Yeah.  But I'll tell you, if you ever wanted proof God is a man, this is it.
Darn it!
Yeah, well, I'm getting what I refer to scientifically as "weird vibes."  every sensor I've got is giving me strange readings.  I mean, the school has had these machines up here three years and they've never recorded anything like this.
Well, I'm supposed monitor these seismographs.  You know, they measure vibrations...
Listen, got a question for you.  Do you know if anybody is doing any blasting or drilling or anything like that?
Right, geology.  And you have to be Val and Earl.  I've heard all about you.
Hi, I'm Rhonda.  Rhonda LeBeck. I'm up here for the semester...
