Ziat!
Nah, just covered with batshit!
Don't make me laugh.
What?
Want me to take over?
What?
You got that, shit face? Asina...
Hey!  I'm getting this together man and I don't need no fucking Gastro-head along on this trip!  We go through the wall.
It's already built!  There's a basement substructure where they used to keep weapons and stuff, but beneath that there's these old catacombs that the Christians built 'bout a thousand fucking years ago to bury their dead.  We're sitting right on top of it -- here.
Yeah, what do you think this is, the good USA? This is Turkey, man... ) It's a fucking accident here if you're innocent. And anyway... ...ain't nobody who's innocent.
Twenty fucking YEARS, man - YEARS! I figger ten at the least.
Could be ten or fifteen.  Maybe even twenty.
Where?
History, man, history. How much?
Little fuckers are thieves, rapists, pickpockets, murderers, you name it - they do it. Don't trust any of 'em...
Hamidou.  Chief of the Guards. Don't fuck with him. He almost killed an Italian dude couple months ago.  Bad news. He try anything with you?
'Figgers.
Yeah... Only the room service is lousy.  Come on, let me show you the tennis courts.
Olsun - "May it pass quickly." I'm Bell, Jimmy Bell. This is Erich something Swedish.
Getchmis olsun
Haps, railroad, bus timetables?
Billy?
Hey, you know what's gonna get us out of here?  It's not a map, Max. It's our balls. You know what I mean...  ...I gotta get laid man, I don't know 'bout you guys, but if I don't get it on soon, I'm... I'm not gonna make it.
The catacoombs?  Whaddya want, a door?  There's miles of em like a sewer system but they got to come up someplace in Istanbul.
--the water like "'weeps" through the cement, see. Twenty, thirty years, you can almost push it over. All we do is use Gastrohead's screwdriver here and scrape the mortar out. Pull out 2, 3 stones, squeeze through, put 'em back, and get our ass down the shaft, It's a two night operation, maybe three.
Stop shitting me, man!
There's two ways out I figger - over the roof, but that's only one person, maybe two. The other way is Under.
The prison, man. There was this German cat an architect in the hospital. He was helping the Turks build some shit round the place. I laid some bread on him and he let me copy them.
