That's the question -
Pity they're retiring us just as I was starting to understand you, Spock...
Thank you, nurse. Jim, she's ready! Lock and load!
Spock, that was actually funny.
Bet you wish you'd stood in bed...
Fascinating...
I'm going to perform surgery on a torpedo - you never know...
I believe the operation is over.
I'm going too. They may need a doctor.
And the good news is they're not going to prosecute.
ABSOLUTELY NOT!
Damned clever if you ask me...
ARE YOU CRAZY?
If they're even looking for us...
That cunning little Vulcan...
Jim, leave me - I'm finished...
What kind of creature is this? Last night you two were spooning -
More than ever.
What is it with you, anyway?
Well, if you've got any bright ideas, now's the time to -
Well, don't be too hard on yourself - we all felt exactly the same -
Specifically of...?
Are we playing multiple choice?
That was the general idea I intended to convey.
- <U>Kobayashi Maru</U>...
Speak for yourself. One day... one night...
Three months till retirement. What a way to finish.
Suppose HE'S holding a grudge?
Figures.
What's the Brotherhood of Aliens?
Chancellor Gorkon, can you hear me? Chancellor...?
Jim, I don't even know his anatomy.
Sweet Jesus...! He's lost a lot of whatever this stuff is...
What the Hell's going on?
Uh, Jim...
They don't arrest people for having feelings.
Too bad we can't SMELL her.
This is fun...
Now there's a poser.
Starfleet's killed an awful lot of natural phenomena in the name of "exploration"...
And perhaps with a large step or two. Like a peace treaty.
I tried to save him! I was desperate to save him! He was the last best hope in the universe for real peace.
I was nervous -
I didn't have the knowledge of Klingon anatomy I needed.
Barely.
Retire.
For 27 years I have been Ship's Surgeon and later Chief Medical Officer aboard the USS Enterprise. In three months I'm due to stand down.
Aside from a touch of arthritis, I'd say pretty good.
Then let me help!
Are you carrying a surgeon?
I don't wonder. Stop me if I'm wrong but do we really have any way of knowing if this is the real you?
That's a comfort...
What are you in for, if you don't mind me asking?
I don't believe we can get more out of the way than this.
