The Chancellor herself will testify that the defendant's hands shook.
You were incompetent! - whether deliberately or as a result of age combined with drink this court will determine.
You say you are due for retirement. May I ask: do your hands shake?
Have you saved patients as "barely" alive as he was?
Was Chancellor Gorkon alive when you first examined him?
Ah. I believe you also consumed Romulan ale at the officers' mess on the night of question, Doctor?
Stand...?
Doctor McCoy, what is your current medical status?
We were until your torpedoes!
Your honors, the State rests.
So if it should prove members of your crew did in fact carry out such an assassination - ?
Captain Kirk, are you aware that under Federation law, the Captain of a Starship is considered responsible for the actions of his men?
You deny that your men beamed aboard KRONOS One and shot the Chancellor?
You deny Enterprise fired on KRONOS One?
And you were obeying or disobeying orders the night you arranged the assassination of Chancellor Gorkon?
For insubordination.
You were demoted...
Louder, please. We cannot hear you.
Spoken by you?
Are those your words?
That, either as an instrument of Federation policy or acting on your own drunken initiative, you and your fellow conspirators crippled KRONOS One and cold-bloodedly assassinated the Chancellor of the High Council. Then you and Doctor McCoy went aboard to make certain the job was complete.
And now we come to the architect of this tragic affair, Captain James Tiberius Kirk. I put it to you, Captain, that you were seeking revenge for the death of your son.
And what did they tell you?
Did you have occasion to refer to your ship's data banks during that night?
And you still maintain your ship did not fire on Kronos One? Would you have known if she had? Come now, Captain. The record clearly there were no other ships in the sector.
Isn't it a fact that you served Romulan ale, a beverage illegal in the Federation because of its overwhelming potency?
Take them away.
Under article 184 of Interstellar Law, I place you both under arrest. You are charged with assassinating the Chancellor of the High Council.
How can I trust --
You crippled our gravitational field with a direst torpedo hit, and two Starfleet crewmen beamed aboard in magnetic boots and did this! WE HAVE WITNESSES!
You feign ignorance?
"To be or not to be, that is the question" which preoccupies our people, Captain Kirk. We need BREATHING room...
Very much.
I've always wanted to meet you, Captain.
