To be -
Time we got underway ourselves, gentlemen.  Once again, we've saved civilization as we know it.
Come on...
Killed trying to escape - it's a classic...
She didn't need our help getting anywhere... where did she get these convenient clothes? And don't tell me that flare is standard prison issue...
Spock's looking for us...
Once we're beyond the shield they should be able to pick it up two sectors away.
It's the viridium patch Spock slapped on my back right before we went aboard Gorkon's ship.
No way.  You see this?
Don't remind me.
Still think we're finished?
Uh uh. Somebody felt much worse. And I'm starting to understand why.
No more neutral zone. I was USED to hating Klingons... that's why I failed in our assignment.  It never even occurred to me to take Gorkon at his word. Spock was right.
Some people ARE afraid of the future; of what MIGHT happen;  I was frightened, really frightened.
I didn't mean this future.
Bones, are you afraid of the future?
We're not finished.
Bones, why don't you see what you can do? Let them know we're not holding a grudge.
We've been set up all along.
Thanks...
No!
Can you - ?
I wish I knew. Uhura?
You heard the order, Lieutenant.
As Captain I am responsible for the conduct of the crew under my command.
I am.
I cannot confirm or deny actions which I did not witness.
Well, I -
I have on occasion disobeyed orders.
Yes.
Those words WERE spoken by me.
Yes...
Yes.
That isn't true...!
That we fired two photon torpedoes. But -
I checked the data banks, yes.
There... were no other ships in the sector.
The drink WAS served...
What?
He just tried to save him!
He's a DOCTOR!
WHAT HAPPENED?
My God, what happened here?
I beg your pardon?
Would you care to go topside?
I'm not sure how to take that.
Second star to the right - and straight on till morning...
Mr. Chekov, slow down. Take us forward, thrusters only, one quarter impulse power.
Mr. Chekov, take us forward, thrusters only, one half impulse power...
Shields. Battle stations.
Then all we've got is a neutron radiation surge - and by the time we're close enough to record it, we're ashes...
She's here - somewhere.
She's only a cog in the wheel - no way she knows that.
Who else?
First rule of assassination: always kill the assassins.
Torpedo bay! DID we fire those torpedoes?
Uhura, monitor!
I know what you mean...
Full diplomatic courtesy, Mr. Chekov...
Captain Sulu... on assignment... anyone seen Spock?
We must do this again soon.
Starfleet's been charting and cataloging planetary atmospheres. All vessels are equipped with chemical analytic sensors...
Chancellor, may I present Commander Spock, whom I believe you know, Dr. Leonard McCoy, chief medical officer, Montgomery Scott, chief engineer...
We'll make arrangements to have you beamed aboard at 1930 hours.
Uh, would you and your party care to dine this evening aboard Enterprise with my officers as guests of the United Federation of Planets?
Chancellor. We've been ordered to escort you through Federation space to your meeting place on Earth.
Not me, idiot - HIM!
What took you so long?
Isn't it about time you became something else?
Your friends are late...
An accident wasn't good enough...
I've heard of chameloids - "Shapeshifters" - I thought you were mythical.
Candidate for what?
Possibly.
Where do we come in?
Except us.
There's gotta be a way out of this place...
Anything else you want to tell me?
How much time's left of your sentence?
We didn't kill Gorkon.
How did you know...?
Fraid not. It wouldn't fit him, anyway.
He's got it.
WHO ELSE...?
Stand DOWN, Mr. Scott. All stop. That's an order.
Stand down your weapons.
Energize...
You hear that?
Starfleet will be around long enough for me to convene a Court Martial on this ship, Lieutenant. Win, lose or draw it will be on your record.
Who is "US?"
Uhura, signal our surrender.
Mr. Chekov, anything unusual?
Saavik, you know anything about a neutron energy surge?
I hope you're happy.
Uhura, hailing frequencies. Right standard rudder, bring us alongside...
Only don't try putting words in my mouth.
You piloted well out of spacedock, Lieutenant -
Right -
Come on, Saavik, you COULD knock -
I'm still in the chair, Lieutenant.
Plot a course for Kronos, Lieutenant.
Thank you. Lieutenant, one quarter impulse power...
As you were. Lieutenant...?
Thank you, Captain Sulu.
When does this conference start?
I'm telling you. Hang on.  How many of those things are there? Come on, Lieutenant, you're charged with murder...
I'm afraid we may need more than that. There's a Bird of Prey on the lookout for us. And she can fire while she's cloaked.
Bless you, Sulu.  Where's the peace conference? They're going to attempt another assassination.
You understand that by even talking to us, you're violating regulations, Captain.
Sulu!
The only way to find out if a man's trustworthy...
Gorkon thought the undiscovered country might mean something else - another kin of life. People can be very frightened of change. I know I was.
But we haven't run out of history just yet.  Your father quoted Hamlet: he called the future - "the undiscovered country"...
What's she waiting for?
Make ourselves a target?
Close enough to beam down?
Spock, you want to know something?
Not for the actions of another. No one is responsible for any actions but his own. Human beings -
Someone said the difference between comic and cosmic is the letter "S." You haven't outlived your usefulness - to me. And you are not responsible just because she is also Vulcan -
Gorkon had to die before I understood how prejudiced I was...
You couldn't have known she was listening the night I dictated that entry into my log. You were proud of her achievements as a Vulcan.
I was blind. I couldn't see past the death of my son. I couldn't trust.
The night is young. Anyway, it was logical.  You know, you're a great one for logic. I'm a great one for  rushing in where angels fear to tread. We're both extremists. Reality is probably somewhere in between us.
Are you dining on worms?
Why would they give them to us?
What peace conference?
So, that's it..
He was just about to explain the whole damn -
I'M going. You are going to be responsible for getting me out of this. Meantime we're not going to be the instigators of a full-scale war on the eve of universal peace.
We HAVEN'T fired -
What the -
From Enterprise?
Where?
Spock, I'm really tired...
What is it?
I'm going to sleep it off. Let me know if there's some other way we can screw up tonight.
Far be it for me to dispute my first officer. Starfleet has always -
Never been this close.
Congratulations, Lieutenant. That must make you very proud...
LET THEM DIE.
DON'T TRUST THEM. DON'T BELIEVE THEM -
I know your father's the Vulcan Ambassador for heaven's sake, but you know how I feel about this: they're animals.
How could you vouch for me? That's...  ... arrogant presumption -
WE volunteered?
You have personally -
Me?
Not from a distance. She won't show up on ANY type of scan.
Uhura?
Who else?
I'm going aboard. Spock, you have the conn.
WE SURRENDER.
This is the Starship Enterprise, Captain James Kirk commanding.
Control, this is Enterprise requesting permission to depart.
