Or not to be -
We WERE beginning to hit our stride together, doctor...
Calm yourself, doctor, the operation is almost complete...
We DO sleep lying down.
Vulcans sleep lying down...
You may need assistance, doctor...
The charge is murder.
Good luck, Captain.
You must have cursed yourself, for having programmed our data banks, Lieutenant. Only they revealed something wrong aboard Enterprise.
Quite right, Mr. Chekov. What is now required is a feat of linguistic legerdemain - and a degree of intrepidity. Before the Captain and Doctor McCoy freeze to death.
Now we expand our search to include uniforms.
This is the first evidence that corroborates our theory.
Klingon blood.
You tell them, Lieutenant.
You're forgetting something.  the data banks say WE fired. If we did, the killers are here; if we didn't, whoever altered the data banks is here. Either way, what we're searching for is here...
They're preparing to fire.
... is to trust him.
I always assumed Hamlet meant death.
Probably trying to figure out why we're reversing, wondering if we detect her.
Captain, perhaps we're going about this the wrong way; our job is to get to the conference; HER job will be to stop us.
Not yet... Section 4236...
But I am not human. I am only -
I SHOULD have been -
Can we two have grown so old and inflexible that we have outlived our usefulness?  Would that constitute a joke?
I was PREJUDUCED by those achievements.
I too was blind. I knew about HER - and I did nothing. I trusted too much.
You were right: it was arrogant presumption that got us into this situation. You might have died.
The Commander is an old friend of yours.
I've been dead before. Uhura, raise Excelsior. She ought to have the co-ordinates.
Azetbur has agreed to meet the Federation at a undisclosed location to continue her father's work... the conspirators obviously intend to try again...
The peace conference.
The Klingons have a new weapon: a Bird of Prey that can fire while cloaked. She torpedoed Gorkon's ship.
Captain...
Perhaps you're right.
I am responsible for involving you in this. I will go.
According to the data bank, we HAVE - twice...
We've fired on the Chancellor's ship -
Curiously it appears to emanate from us.
We are reading an enormous amount of neutron radiation.
I am uncertain.
I don't believe our own conduct will distinguish us in the annals of diplomacy...
I believe the Captain feels that Starfleet's mission has always been one of peace -
The Chancellor is undoubtedly awaiting our signal.
Lieutenant, I am pleased to see you.  The Lieutenant is the first Vulcan to be graduated at the top of her class as the Academy.
They're dying.
Jim, there is an historic opportunity here -
I was asked by my father to open neg-
There's an old Vulcan proverb: only Nixon could go to China.
I have personally vouched for you in this matter, Captain.
We have volunteered to rendezvous with the Klingon ship that's bringing Chancellor Gorkon here, and escort him safely through Federation space.
Perhaps neither of us was hearing very well that night, Lieutenant. There were things I tried to tell you too - about having faith.
But it was when you tried to persuade me the Captain was guilty that I should have understood.
I believe you. Please...
If you are logical.
An error.
I'm having the garbage searched. If my surmise is correct these boots will cling to the killers' necks like Tiberian bats. They couldn't make their escape without them; nor can they simply throw them out a window for all to see; no - they're here. Somewhere.
Even logic must give way to physics. Gravity hadn't been restored by the time they escaped. Without their boots they would not have stayed on the Klingon transporter pads.
Any progress?
An omission. After that -
Very well. For twenty-four hours we'll agree that this conversation did not take place.
Curious. You haven't been assisting Commander Uhura with her radio transmissions, have you, Lt?
Any reply from Starfleet to our dispatch, Lieutenant.
Her own father...?
In the meantime we must endeavor to piece together what happened here tonight. According to our data banks, this ship fired those torpedoes.
What do you suggest, Lieutenant? Opening fire won't retrieve the Captain; and an armed engagement was precisely what he wished to avoid.
That the universe will unfold as it should.
You must have faith.
I am not certain such speculations are included among your duties, Lieutenant.
You have done well, Saavik. As your sponsor at the Academy I have followed your career with... satisfaction. And as a Vulcan.
They're outside the beaming shield. Mr. Scott, start your engines.
Thank you, Mr. Scott. We were to return to spacedock, the killers would surely manage to dispose of their incriminating footwear.
I believe I am.
This one can.
Would they?
Too far off. Very near us. Perhaps... underneath us...
There was an enormous neutron energy surge.
I know precisely where he'll be.
That's hardly conclusive, Mr. Scott, as Klingons have no tear ducts.
Then someone forged a data bank entry.
Nevertheless.
We'll have to check every one of them, Mr. Scott.
I think  not.
Yet the data banks insist we fired: twice. One computer is lying.
Mr. Scott, you forget yourself. Please accompany me.
I've already addressed that question, Mr. Scott. We'll e able to follow the Captain's movements.
But you didn't join a conspiracy.
Under impulse power she expends fuel like any other ship. We call it "Plasma" - I do not know the Klingon name for it, but by any name it is merely ionized gas.
I don't think Starfleet could have envisioned our current predicament.
At present, he's surrounded by a magnetic shield. If my calculations are correct, he should be deep into his escape planning by this time.
Mr. Scott, any progress on repairing our warp drive?
I want this ship searched from bow to stern. Lieutenant Saavik, you are in charge. Start with the transporter room and work your way outwards...
And they'd be right. We have no evidence - just a theory that happens to fit the facts...
It means that if we cannot have fired those torpedoes then someone else did.
An ancestor of mine maintained that if you eliminate the impossible whatever remains - however improbable - must be the truth.
He's placing himself in a most awkward position...
I assume command of this ship as of  0130 hours. Uhura, send to Starfleet HQ. Explain precisely what has taken place, and request instructions.
They're naturally wary, ma'am. We've been at war a long time.
