And Peter Redmond helped immensely. These pauses were exquisitely timed. He made us wait and wait. He built a gorgeous tension and suspense.
An artistry and sensitivity you've never shown before.
I've seen it twice. I went back tonight to be sure. It's a brave and honest piece of work.
It's your best play, Nicky.
Am I really so deeply repugnant?
Even if the truth about a person is sad or depressing or shocking?
What's sexy?
Mystery. Deception.
We're strangers in the night. The last thing we want is honesty.
This building is not secure.
If you're wondering about the firearm.
What else?
What else?
First you tell me.
Names are incredibly intimate. We barely know each other. Trust me on this.
It's only our first date.
You're out of bullets.
When I traveled through Asia this summer, I went to tremendous trouble and expense to rent a car with a phone so I could call up Sports Phone in New York and get the scores. I drove through the war in Afghanistan calling Sports Phone like every hour on the hour, for updates.
Because I can't bear to watch. When they lose, I die inside. It's like some little person named Steve just crumples up and dies. I wait for the scores. I still die, hearing the scores, but it's over in a second. I can't survive the game pitch by pitch, inning by inning. I've done it too many times. And I can't do it anymore.
The Red Sox were my world. I surrendered my existence to a team that couldn't win the big one.
They're my team, too. I grew up on Boyleston Street. Right by Fenway Park. I went to fifty or sixty games a year. All by myself. I was one of those kids with scabby elbows. I called out to the players. `Look over here. Hi, I'm Steven. My parents are divorced.'
They're my team.
If they lost tonight, they'll lose tomorrow. It's all over.
Then they lost?
Stay. Teach me to be compassionate.
And I thought, at last, she's here, she wants me.
The truth is never gentle. Listen to me carefully. Each of us lives in the thinnest possible wrapping of wishes and dreams. Truth is the force that penetrates this wispy skin. It hurts and maims.
Of course it's unfair. The truth is always unfair. Why do you think I live this way? Hiding out. Stealing electricity from a lamp post. Because people who write the truth are outcasts of society. I can't live openly, in a nice clean doorman building, with my name on the mailbox. They'd come after me in packs.
But you're here. So you must have come to me.
You've come to me. I wanted to believe you would one day.
