Oh my God.  Oh my God.
And get someone to help around the house.
I can put them in a good school.
I don't even know how much money that is.
Five million dollars?
Oh, my God.
A number for the whole group, or for us?
It's a good day.  I feel good.
For what?
Sure wish I had longer to get used to the idea.  You think if you got no uterus, and no breasts, you're still technically a woman?
No.  Hunh-uh, see, that's not what the doctor said.  He said one's got absolutely nothing to do with the other.
Well -- then it's gotta be a different than what's in our water, cause ours is okay. The guys from PG&E told me.  They sat right in the kitchen and said it was fine.
And you say this stuff, this hexavalent chromium -- it's poisonous?
An on-site monitoring well?  That means --
Not around here.  This is a rough part of the world.  Hard times, not a lot of money, not a lot of luck.  It's a challenge, staying healthy in a town like this.  Heck, even our dogs up and die.
I thought the same thing, right off the bat. That's why we went to see the doctor.  But hunh-uh.  Turns out one's got nothing to do with the other.
It's a chemical they used over at that compressor station up the road there.
The chromium.  Well, that's what kicked this whole thing off.
Cause of the chromium.
You bet.  Paid for a check-up for the whole family.  And not like with insurance where you pay, then wait a year to be reimbursed, either.  They just took care of it.  Just like that.  We never even saw a bill.
Well, they paid for the doctor's visit.
Are you kidding?  With how our lives are, if I start subdividing files, I'll be sunk.  I just kept all PG&E correspondence in one place.
So the whole idea of selling the house -- don't get me wrong, I'd be glad to move to some better place, but if they aren't gonna pay us properly, I just don't see the point.
Thank you.  It's in remission now, thank the Lord, but you never know.  And then while that's going on, I end up having to have a hysterectomy.  Plus a whole mess of lumps removed from my breasts.  All benign so far, but still, no matter how positive you stay, an operation can still take it out of you.
I know.  They're more than a bit unusual. See, two years ago, Pete got Hodgkin's disease.  That's a kind of cancer --
Cause first you gotta move, then there's decorating, and if the windows aren't the same size, you know -- you're making all new curtains.  Honest to God, I don't know if I have the energy.  You know, I've been sick. Me and Peter both have.
Thank you.  I think so too.  That's why I'm being such a stickler on this house price thing.  I don't mean to be a pain in PG&E's backside, especially after all they've done for Hinkley, but I look around here and I think, if they want this place, they're gonna have to pay for it.  And I don't just mean pay for the house; I'd like them to pay me for the trouble of starting over.
I added air conditioning, put in the pool, made all those pillows by hand ...
Well it oughta be, with all the work I put into it.
You're a lawyer?
Yes?
