... or lemme guess -- toxic waste?
How does someone get meningitis?
Jesus.
Meningitis?  What the hell is meningitis?
Promise you'll turn around if you get tired.
We'll just be a minute.  Get a little more sleep.
Real early.  We're just gonna take your car to get some breakfast.
You shouldn't be driving around, you know. You're sick.
Think you could learn?
Yeah, well -- good help is hard to find.
How long's this whole thing gonna take?
They up?
I don't do favors for you anymore.
Hello?
Mm-hm.
Fine.  I'll drop 'em off tomorrow afternoon.
I pretty much knew what your answer was gonna be.
More than you need me.
Yeah, you can.  You could just quit.  People do it all the time.
I know.  But still.  Six months.  I think you oughta either find a different job or a different boyfriend.  Cause there may be men who don't mind being the maid and getting nothing in return, but I'm sure as shit not one of 'em.
It's a pair of earrings.  I saw 'em in the mall one day, and I thought, damn, those would look good on those beautiful earlobes. So I bought 'em.  And I said to myself, next time Erin says something nice, does something nice, I'll surprise her with 'em.  Know how long ago that was?  Six months.  In six months, you haven't said one nice thing to me.  That's a long time.
About this.
Thinking.
Bull<u>shit</u>, Erin.  Bullshit.
Fuck you.  Just cause I don't spend all day trying to prove what hot shit I am --
It wouldn't kill you to talk about something other than yourself and your own fucking job once in a while --
Lock the door.
I'm just saying -- we have one night to ourselves, why do we have to spend it here?
I'm bored, and so are the kids.
Yeah.  We were sitting around at lunch and she pointed at a ball and said, "ball."
Well, come to think of it, we did have a big event around here.  Beth started talking.
What do you want, a joke?
I know what they can sleep through, Erin.  I probably know it better than you.
Cause I can get a job.  I will.  And you can start leaving the kids with the chicken fat lady again.  Would that make you happy?
If you got a problem with me taking care of your kids instead of getting some job, just say so.
You mind telling me what that's supposed to mean?
It doesn't have to be this complicated, Erin.  There's a lot of jobs out there.
Look, don't take this the wrong way, but don't you think you might be out of your league here?
Come on, Erin.  A job's supposed to pay your bills, not put you in danger.
I'm just saying --
One toy per kid is doing something nice. Four is ... something else.
You're someone to me.  You're someone real special to me.
You are someone.
You're not nothing, Erin.
What?  But you been working so hard --
It's a simple thing.  Everybody gets them. All we gotta do is call an exterminator.
I'm gonna clean it up.
Fixing a leak under your sink.
What do you mean?
I guess we get what we pay for, huh?
I'm gonna put a dead bolt on your front door, too.  This isn't exactly the safest neighborhood in the world, you know.
Better safe than sorry.
Yeah, we'll just see about that, won't we?
Yup.  Usually working on my bike.  No big deal.  If it doesn't work out, you can send 'em back to the chicken fat lady.
Cause I like kids.  I like hanging out with them.
Then lemme remind you, the polite thing is to say, thank you, that's a real nice offer, I don't mind taking you up on it.
Are you this hard on everyone who tries to help you?
I do construction, which pays real good. And I make it last by living cheap.
I'm not a deadbeat.  I work when I need to.
I was serious before, you know.  If you need someone to keep an eye on them -- after school or something -- I don't have a job now, so I'm around in the afternoons.
How?
Yeah, and whose fault is that?
Why not?
You need help with your kids?  I could probably do that.
C'mon.  I bought 'em for you, to make up for that night.
You got a little girl?
Ten?
You got more than one?
I do.
Now, don't be like that.  Tell you what. How about if I take you out on a date to apologize for my rudeness?
Ooh, now, see, if I'da known there was a beautiful woman next door, I'da done this different.  Let's start over.  My name's George.  What's yours?
Just introducing myself to the neighbors.
Well, hello to you, darlin'.
