Y-you're a g-god damn saint, John.
So now you gotta wear it, you poor bastard.  Everyday you gotta be everybody's hero.  People watching you all the time.  Waiting for you to make...  a slip.  Slip up.
There was this kid there saying, "Go in there and save my father, mister." And I'm thinking about my boy Joey and this goddamn fireman my wife's seeing. It was like I was supposed to save myself.
I dunno.  It was... an impulse. Me, wearing my good shoes.
That's good enough for me.  You better take that "letter" there and get rid of it.
You'll tell him I talked you out of jumping, right?  Just keep me outta prison.
Listen, John, you better double my attorney's fee.  She's very inexperienced, but she done a great job for me. And give her your autograph.  She thinks you're some kinda holy man.
You got it?  Four year scholarship to a top college, plus Medical School or Law School or whatever Joey wants; pay off the $2,500 to my attorney, plus pay her fee in full, plus my annual consulting fee...
Bernie.  Call me Bernie.
You <u>woulda</u> gone in there, you wouldn'ta thought twice...  Trust me on that, that's the kinda guy you are.  For a guy like me, it's a momentary loss of sanity.  I wasn't thinking clearly.  Listen, I'm no hero, John.  I just want some dough and maybe a little favor. How much didja spend already on all that do-gooder bullshit?  You didn't spend it <u>all</u> didja?
I'm not saying I hate sick people or anything but I hate being <u>around</u> them if you know what I mean.  There <u>you</u> go, you <u>inspire</u> this kid to <u>live</u>.  I probably woulda vomited on him.
Great!  You make this big goddamn mess, then ya jump.  Beautiful! Listen, John, I was there at the hospital today, I seen you with those little bastards .
Well, we gotta work this thing out, John.  It's a goddamn mess an' I'm halfway to doing serious time in the joint an' the TV lady's so stuck on you she don't want it to come out you stole her purse because it might break the heart of millions.  Looka those maniacs, willya?  They love you, for Chrissake!
Which don't sound like such a bad goddamn idea, John.
Right.
What's the big deal?  You decided to pretend you were me.  A little moment of weakness, right?  So I sorta swiped her purse.  I got feet of clay too, bUddy.
Lighten up, John.  You think <u>you</u> got problems for Chrissake?
I'm beginning to... be aware of that, John.  Listen, I'm not gonna do nothing heroic here, you can trust me on that, buddy.  Whaddaya say we just sit down for a while. I don't have no tricks, I'm not that smart.  You could, like, rest up for the jump.
Jail!  Listen, Bubber...  This is crazy.  We could fall off of here.
I was in the can, for Chrissake.
I don't recall saying I didn't want a million bucks...
What am I, a goddamn postman?  I'm way the fuck up here, I'm scared a heights, and you want me to deliver a letter?  Put a stamp on it for Chrissake!
In private.  They got cameras and alla that crap in there. Microphones.
I just wanna talk with you for a minute.  Then you can jump.  You can jump twice for all I care.
Come on, John, don't be an asshole. I don't like heights.
Hey, Bubber, c'mere!  I gotta talk to you, buddy.
Hey, do I look crazy?  I don't go for that shit... interviews, media. They're manipulators.  "Keep a low profile," that's my motto.
Sell it to him.  You get a couple bucks, it pays for the ride.  I got a job, nice apartment.  I do okay.
One leg!  Like the Red Cross or something?
Looks like you live in here, for Chrissake!
You got a drinking problem or what?
Try stupid.
Nah, I fucked it up.  I was tryin' to impress this kid, don't ask me why.  I was gonna rescue his old man, but I couldn't find the poor bastard.  He musta blew up.  I got the hell outta there.  I didn't have the nerve to face the kid.
I seen on the TV where that do-gooder asshole's gonna go visit sick kids at three-thirty.  Children's Hospital, on the double.
TAXI!  HEY, TAXI!  Well, at least I'm gonna get my goddamn million bucks.  TAXI FOR CHRISSAKE!
Hey, you could call me "Bernie," forget the "Mister LaPlante" stuff.  You are naive.
Listen, now that I owe you twenty-five hundred bucks plus, how about loaning me twenty for cab fare?
That fake <u>inspired</u> you to loan a guy who's been fired off his job <u>twenty-five hundred</u> goddamn dollars? A guy you say is probably gonna <u>do</u> <u>time</u>!  You're s'posed to be an <u>attorney</u> for Chrissake!  You're s'posed to have <u>good judgment</u>!
You whaaaaaat?  You paid it?  You gave a bondsman ten percent?
Whaddaya mean they didn't reduce the bail?  If they didn't reduce it, how'dja spring me?
Twenty-five grand is peanuts!  All you gotta do is get me outta here long enough to collect.
"Angel!"  I didn't say "angel," that's a little strong.  Listen, here's the thing, I gotta get over there to the TV station to collect my million bucks.
Some of it.  Right here.  I got some of it.  I'll get the rest as soon as I can.
She don't like me to see him. Says I'm a bad influence.
Uh, his birthday, uh, May.  I think.
Often, uh.
Involved!  Christ!  She attached my goddamn paycheck!  Child support. Why do you think I can't afford a lawyer?  You know what I mean.  Why I got a court appointed lawyer instead of a, uh, more experienced...
A son, yeah.  What about him?  Joey.
Yeah, I been calling in sick.  They think I got the flu.
He gives a good report and I walk?
I know what he means.  I'm not a prison kinda guy, Miss O'Day.  I'm a goddamn working man for Chrissake!  Maybe I "augment" my income a little with some "business deals," maybe summa the guys I sell to are crooks, how would I know, I'm not an investigator.  You can't make it on a wage no more, not in this country.
"Anticipation of incarceration"?
Bail, for Chrissake!  I'm innocent!
What's going on?  "Guilty"!  What is this?
Look, I got this kid.  We got a goddamn relationship!  I'm takin' him to a movie tonight!  He worships me.  If I go down what's this do to my son?  I'm his goddamn role model for Christ sake!
Do I hit anybody?  You see me shoot anybody?  Hey, drugs!  Do I sell drugs?  Jesus, I don't belong in prison.  I'm a family man.
Take a look at my employment record, you got my employment record there, right?  You see any unemployment there, any welfare? I'm a taxpayer.  They eat me alive, the tax people, they got taxes on everything, taxes, taxes, taxes, and forms!  Taxes and forms so I can pay your goddamn salary, so you can sit there and write stuff, guys like me pay your wages...
Hey!  Do I have a record?  Have I ever done time?  I mean I been arrested a few times, who hasn't? Parking tickets for Chrissake! Suspicion of stuff!  Have I ever been convicted of anything?
The thing is, Chick.  I'm goin' down.
Nothin'.
I mean, if I said it, wouldja believe me?  Ya wouldn't, would ya?
Yeah, like that.  Same thing.
What wouldja say if I toldja I ran into a burning plane an' saved a buncha people, Chick, an' risked my goddamnlife?
Hey, I don't blame you for bein' sore.  I know I screwed up gettin' busted in here.  You got a right to throw me out.
You couldn't have a problem, Chick, because I personally have got them all.  I cornered the whole goddamn market.  You wouldn't believe... Oh, how ya doin'...?
You don't wanna know, Chick, you don't wanna know.  Those guys been in here?
When I was a kid, I thought I was gonna be this fantastic wonderful heroic human being.
The thing about kids is, they're so... young!  They don't know nothin' yet.  When you're a kid, you think you're gonna grow up an' be a "wonderful person" instead of an asshole, like everybody else.
I can't afford no better.  My ex, she attached my pay check for child support payments.  You looking for Bernie LaPlante by any chance?
Nine.  I think.  Maybe ten.  Yeah, ten.  Nice kid.
My attorney, she's just outta law school, about a couple of years older than my kid, for Chrissake.
'Cause I'm up to my ass in shit is why.  I'm broke, plus I got legal problems... Nobody was asking for me, huh?
Business thing.  Gimme a seven and seven, willya?
Some guys been looking for me, Chick?  Spanish kinda guys.
Bill, I got financial problems and...
Bill, listen...
Bill, I got some legal problems and I...
I...
Bill, I...
I was giving him some advice is all. Preparing him for life.  You don't want him to grow up soft, Ev	, it's tough out there, it's a goddamn jungle.
Listen, it's important, Ev, I gotta see him, I got my reasons, very goddamn important...
The homeless!
Three weeks, Ev.  I didn't tell him I killed anybody...
"Elliot"?  The heroic goddamn fireman?
That's what I'm trying to... to... okay, nevermind.  Just lemme talk to Joey to... to apologize.
Willya lemme talk for Chrissake? I'm trying to tell you what happened.  What happened is...
Why doncha let me in so we don't wake everybody in the neighborhood?
Is he here, your friend.  The fireman?
Ev, it's not my fault!  I'm trying to tell you this incredible --
You are not gonna believe this, Evelyn!  Absolutely fantastic!  I'm on my way --
Me?  Listen, I don't give no interviews.  That was John Bubber. You wanna ask me questions, you could talk to my attorney, Miss O'Day.
Who am I?  You're asking me?  You're the big expert for Chrissake!  I'm what?  The "Scumbag," right?  The sleazebag something or other, the blackmailer, the...
You media people, you think you can just go anywhere you want, spy on people.
I got a kid, you know.  I'm a person, for Chrissake.
Lie, you mean...
I'm going to apologize to Bubber?
Underbelly!
-- saved your...  whaaaaaaat?  What? Blackmailing...?
Hey, lady, I got faults, I know I'm not perfect but I don't get this at all, your attitude.  I saved your...
"Harassed."  Cause I yelled at him when he's riding in his limo?  The guy's a thief, he took my...
What, is everybody in love with this, bozo?  I don't get this.  What about...?
My fault!  My fault!  This nut case goes out on a ledge and it's my fault?
The cops!  What kinda bullshit is this?  Is this America or -- ?
Me!
How do ya think I got it, for Chrissake?  Hey, put that thing down.  This is my goddamn apartment, you can't just...
Turn that thing off.
You!
Mmmmm.  Well, it's complicated. Maybe when you're older.  Anyhow, what I'm gonna tell you here is in strict confidence, okay?  It don't go no further.  What happened is, you remember that night I was gonna take you to the movies an' it was raining like a sonofabitch, ..?
You remember where I said how I was gonna explain about life, buddy?  Well, the thing about life is...  it gets weird.  See people are always gonna be talking to you about "truth." Everybody always knows what the truth is, like it was toilet paper or something and they got a supply in the closet. But what you learn as you get older is, there ain't no truth. All there is is bullshit .  Layers of it. One layer of bullshit on top of another.  So what you do in life, like when you get older, is you pick the layer of bullshit you prefer and that's <u>your</u> bullshit, so to speak.  You got that?
JOEY!
Here we are.  Yeah, that's a possibility.  A movie.  Now you gwan in, tell your mother I got you back on time.  Point that out to her. She was always on my case for stuff like that.  She's still like that, right?
Listen, buddy, I'm really enjoying this relationship we got going here. I been missing out on not knowing you better.  Thing is, I got all this business stuff...
Thanks.  Thanks, pal.
I'm working on that.  It's just I got some business problems and... whatsa matter?
Me in my uniform.  Used to be on the bookcase.
You never saw that picture, huh?
It was this war.  Viet Nam.  Doesn't matter.
Oh yeah?  A hero, huh?  Was he in the 'Nam, this guy Elliot?
This guy, this "friend" your mother's seeing, he's a fireman, huh?  He ever... spend the night, whatsisname?
