How'd it go?
WHAT?  THEY FOUND WHAT?
We're piecing together different accounts and...
Apparently the guy who pulled you out wasn't a passenger...
There's a lot of confusion around what went on last night, it's not clear...
That too.
She broke up with her boyfriend.  Listen, babe, we needja back. You gotta follow up on the jumper, find the human interest in the grim, unending tale of woe that pours from the wounded heart of the heartless metropolis.
You're sitting on your ticket.
Unprofessional.
For ten more minutes they love him, Wally.  I'm sick of him and I'm always about ten minutes ahead of the public.
What?
Helluva story!
Gale shoulda aired that bit first, she's the one who found this clown LaPlante!  She let Channel Eight get a beat on us.
She can't quit.
Listen, Gale, I know you're emotionally involved.  Don't be emotionally involved, be professional.  No, Gale, you are not a hardbitten, cynical hard-ass, you just think you are.  You are a goddamn cream puff!  Try and be a hard-ass!
Whaddaya mean what do I wanna know? I wanna know everything.  Who's this screwball LaPlante for Pete's sake, what the hell's he doing out there, auditioning for the priesthood? You're supposed to be on top of this, Gale, don't...  "Quit!"  You can't quit!  It's unprofessional!
She's talking to him now.
Said he's not an actor.
Drake Hotel, Penthouse Suite.  Never stop worrying.  I figure we'll do a sidebar on what it's like to go from sleeping in your car and collecting cans to sleeping in the poshest suite in town.  Also Gale's onto something, digging into his background.
Relax, Wally.  He had the shoe and the shoe checks out.
We're gonna feature Gale's cast more.  The trick is gonna be keeping the upper hand on this piece. As long as we have Gale and there's no mystery guy, we're the center of the story.  But if he shows up and somebody else gets him first or exclusive...
Not bad.  But if you gotta wear a cast, you oughtta feature it more it's parta the story.  Network's taking everything we give 'em.  They wanta feed off our six o'clock whether we find the mystery guy or not.  We're very big nationally.
She's flying to New York.  She's been nominated for a Silver Mike...
Saving people is not our job.  It's as wrong to step in and save someone as it would be to push someone off.
He's right.  It's unprofessional.
