Mister LaPlante... Bernie... I... just for a few moments... I want to be a human being, not a reporter. I'm somebody who was going to die in a burning plane and I looked up, and some man came out of the smoke, his face smeared with mud, and soot and... and he... saved my... life. Off the record.  Was it you?  Why would you deny it if it was? Because you took my purse?  Why?
Was it you?  In the plane?  Who saved my life?
Listen, Mister LaPlante... uh, Bernie... Who... are... you?
I snuck in.
Well, for your child's sake, show some decency then, rise above your sleazy instincts.  You may have already killed him!
Well, maybe I wouldn't lie...but I could tell the story the way I did just now, so that people could understand that John is even more of a hero, and that you... you're the lowest thing that ever crawled.  Your name will be synonymous with cynical opportunism and blackmail.  You won't get a cent.
I could deny I had those credit cards on the plane with me, LaPlante...
All this is off the record, Chucky, because if John Bubber lives, Mister LaPlante is going to give him his assurance that there will be no more "misbehavior" on his part.  What's more he's going to apologize.
In all that smoke and fire, John had a moment of weakness.  He'd been down and out, destitute, living in his car.  It was just an impulse, stealing my purse.
You think I haven't figured it out? Just because the cops aren't on to you yet doesn't mean you're home free.  I'm a veteran reporter.  I've seen your kind before, the underbelly of crime.
A lifetime of petty crime climaxed by your sleaziest accomplishment yet...  blackmailing a national hero...
He had one <u>tiny</u>, uncharacteristic moment of weakness.  That's not the same thing as a lifetime of petty crime...
Yes, everybody <u>is</u> in love with John Bubber.  The whole country, in fact. And they're not going to be happy if he jumps to his death because he was harassed by a lousy little money-grubbing low-life fence...
If anything happens to John BUbber, Mister LaPlante I'm going to see you prosecuted to the full extent of the law.
Here!  Here... ten, thirty, fifty bucks.  How much have you got, Chucky?  Give Mister LaPlante your money.
If you're not in the car in ten seconds, I'll have the cops pick you up.
For God's sake, tell him I'm on my way.  Let's go, Chucky.  A police escort is gonna pick us up en route.  You too, LaPlante.
What's your scheme, Mister LaPlante? What are you forcing John Bubber to do?  What are you -- ?
How did you acquire this, Mister LaPlante?
Camera, Chucky.  Are you Bernard LaPlante, sir?  What is your relationship with John Bubber?
No, John, you're too hard on yourself.  I've got the creep here, the guy who's...
John, I know all about it.
It's no big deal, it just <u>looks</u> better carrying me.  Oh, you mean because I wasn't carrying my purse at the time.
I just remembered.  You were talking about bodybuilding and swearing.
There, like that.  Kind of, uh, sexy.  You can support me anytime, John.
You're doing fine.  You didn't actually lift me though.  It was more like you supported me.
Now you help me up.  Boy, you seem...  taller.  It must be psychological...  now that I know you saved my life...
Read it.  It'll be fine.
You were... very... inspiring.
Goodnight, John.
I know the truth, John.  I'm flying in some guys from your unit in Vietnam tomorrow.  Interviewing them live on network hookup!
No, I don't have the right.  You're a <u>news</u> <u>story</u>!
You did save my life!  And it's <u>me</u>! I'd be taking advantage of <u>you</u>! I'm a reporter, John, an experienced professional...  I...
I... I know that, John...
Years?  There are going to be lots of... opportunities.
Uh, if you could, just, uh, support, uh, a small airfield...
John, I'm sure she could support just about anything.  I think I'll see you to your room. A sort of bodyguard.  Make sure no harm comes to you.
You're a celebrity, John.  People are going to want to please you... or use you... or both.
...unworthy of the adoration.  We all do.
Instant celebrity is overwhelming to anybody.  <u>You've</u> known John Bubber all your life, you're used to him, you know you're the same human being you were before all the excitement.  So you feel like a fraud...
All the adulation?  It makes you feel like a fake, doesn't it?
You were saying you don't want a million dollars.
Because he was a <u>real</u> hero, Chucky. He was acting out of a deep instinctive decency, not out of some ego thing.  He didn't expect the media to lionize him.  He didn't expect a million dollar reward. He saved fifty-four people because something inside him, some fundamental love for his fellow man, made him rush into that plane when "good sense" told him otherwise. He was willing to settle for some credit cards he sold to LaPlante....  For how much, LaPlante?  A couple of bucks?  Did you give him enough for a decent meal?
And sold it to Mister LaPlante, the fence, who's now trying to blackmail poor John.
"For Excellence in the Pursuit of Truth."
The...Silver...Mike...Award!
This sofa is a lethal weapon.  The springs... are... the springs... what...?
You're lucky, Chucky, you... OW!
Maybe, maybe not.  I have a feeling this guy is important somehow.
What're we talking about?  Reach out for what?
Did you get it?  Jesus, did I say that?
He'll do it.  You really-should have talked to him first.
There could be problems with something like that Mister Wallace. What if...?
A "mystery guy!"  "Not a passenger." Who?
You said all the passengers were accounted for...
Would the station put me up at a good hotel...?
The story behind the story, the ugly scandal behind the falling millionaire, the dirt, you mean.
You just can't bear the idea of good news.
It would make me feel like a human being instead of a cynical, hardbitten newswoman.  Besides it wouldn't be a bad story, would it, "Newswoman Saves Suicide?"
I haven't won it yet.  I notice you've got me scheduled on a flight back an hour after the ceremony.
I said I wished it had at least occurred to me to consider saving him.
I didn't say I thought we should have saved him..
Hello, Mister Wallace.
Hi, Chief.  You like the suicide?
I wonder if you'd mind if we waited for him here, Mister Winston...
Shouldn't we have buzzed him to let him know --
We couldn't find his name on the buzzer or on the mailbox, but...
We're from Channel Four, yes.  We'd like to find --
Reporters... have to... rise above their hormones.
Don't be ridiculous.  I'm a reporter.
He's pretty... remarkable.
Look at the guy!  He just saved fifty people.  Now he's going to disappear. Who is he?
Nobody stole my credit cards.  They burned up in the crash.  Which reminds me, did you get me cash? And what about the reservations?
Who?
Call him back.  Ask him.  I'm a little...busy.
What about?
