Yeah, stick around, you might learn something.
Alright, we know who we're looking for.  Play it cool until the time is right to make a move.  Let's not pull any gangbusters shit or we'll lose him again.
If you guys want in, fine.  Just remember this is our jurisdiction.
Cooperate?
If what you're saying is true, then why would he have killed two police officers? A man like that would want to lay low, if he was planning some kind of damn sabotage mission!
Yeah?..well what are you getting at? You saying he has an agenda down here?
We ran the i.d.  I could have told you that.
Yeah - I heard - nothing came up.
What can I do for you?
Yeah?
Well why don't you sit this one and get some rest...you look like shit. CUT TO INT TUBBS' APARTMENT - NIGHT
Something wrong with you Marvosa?
That's got to our secret agent man! Do we have an address?
Just wondering if maybe they had a thing going with this hooker, you know, some connection.
Where do you come from, Marvosa?
It's kind of a funny coincidence, isn't it?
Well don't you think that's odd?
So you must have known Fleming... and Stanton -
Did you start out area six?
When did you join the force?  You know, the police force, the place you work...
Our getaway car.  You said a cell phone?
Fine -
I'm sure you can handle it.  Now I want to do an alley-to alley sweep beginning at the north and south ends from Marine to 30th.  Foot beat units continue on the boardwalk.
If you can trail him to a remote area do it. We all want a piece of him but let's keep our heads and stay within the law - we got people everywhere out here.
Let's roll -
Find out for me.
But what was a hair dresser from Malibu doing 60 miles away in some dive bar?
Sarah Williams left the bar with Trudell on her own.
I didn't hit shit!
Don't take any chances.  Call for back-up this time!
We're all gonna fan out!  C'mon, let's do a sweep of the alleys -
Great. Well that changes a lot...
What the hell is this Marvosa!!
I don't know how you're used to doing things, Marvosa, but it sounds like some damn sloppy work to me!
Why didn't you call for back-up! What were you thinking, Jesus!!!
What the hell happened?
we've got kidnapping, grand theft auto, burglary, and two counts of murder on you, and I'm gonna see to it personally that it sticks!
Did you report it stolen?
I tell you one thing Trudell - you'd make a hell of a cop...
Are you alright?
Yeah, it was opened -  with a goddamn screwdriver!!!
So...  to get the car back, you break into her house.
Anyhow...	you wake up and she's gone. But--  --this is my favorite part--  she leaves you the keys to a brand new Beemer.
Who am I?  I'm gonna be your worst fucking nightmare until you start breaking it down for me.  You understand? Where did you get the car!
Alright, where is she?
And what did he do to the girl?
Now you listen to me hay-seed! If you don't want to spend a year in jail for making a false report you'll start giving me straight answers, you got that!!
Mm-hmm...that's not what the bartender told us.
Did he harm the girl?
And he took a swing at you?
Well let's get his ass to the garage!  Some lead...
And where the hell is Marvosa?
Vice...you think they had something to do with this dead hooker?
Something I don't already know?
No Zydowski I didn't read today's paper - it's just going to irritate the hell out of me.
That's great Zydowski, you tech guys are really on the ball.  Harding - call the print lab at the FBI, run the prints through their library, see if it's less screwed-up than ours...
What?  Wait a minute -
Yeah?
Zydowski.  It's about time.
Yeah?
Good! We'll get it to the nearest outlying station and hold it for prints - we're on our way -  You coming?
Speak of the devil.
Where is he?!!
Who is it?
