Don't worry about me...  ...and don't forget your helmet. You don't want to get a ticket.
I can't help you anymore, Jimmy. I'm sorry.
I told you I'm not going anywhere! I got my whole life in this place!  I'll just destroy the evidence and play dumb.
I'm not going anywhere!
Shit, we just started.  But I better log out of this.
Ahh, shit.  We're pretty much tapped out.  I'm getting denied access all over the place...
And look at the balances...these aren't police salaries...
Who knows?  Maybe he's ordering army knives. I can't access that, but look what we have here...these are the account records for Fleming and Marvosa.
OK...Marvosa makes calls to this fax number overseas.  And that's Switzerland's country code.
You know this time, there's nobody that's gonna cover your ass. You're over your head this time.
So...what happened to you, Jimmy?  I figure you'd be in some far off place somewhere, living on the edge like the good old days.
I'll access the LAPD mainframe, but we gotta be careful - that one's kind of tricky -
I got a lot of free time, you know what I mean?
I don't, but I'm pretty sure. It's a long story but I cloned a cellular linkup with a binary code scrambler and sent it through the phone network mainframe.  If they start a trace it will be to a Pic'n'Save on Pico.
Donut?
Let's see what we got...
OK, I'm logged on to the municipal network.  I'm showing sixteen people with the name Sarah Williams in L.A. county.  None of them live in Hollywood.  Do you remember the address?
OK...where do you want to start?
Shit, what I have now made our setup in Angola look like Tinker Toys.  I've been skipping through Internal Revenue records all day. I even have video strip poker. You want to check it out?
Alright...alright...you've saved my ass enough times.  What do you want to do?
Oh man...what happened?
Shit, you know what happens to me if I'm harboring a fugitive?  I already think they're on to me! I thought you were the phone police for Chrissake!
You gotta turn yourself in. Before it's too late -
Jimmy, do you realize what you did? Man that's like death penalty shit -
Oh, shit, shit, shit - I don't know about all this! You sure?!
And?...
Look, Jimmy, you know, I haven't seen you in eight years, you show up to my door like you're on drugs - now the least you could do is tell me what the fuck is going on!
Yeah, c'mon in...you scared the hell out of me!
Holy shit -
This is Tubbs. Sorry I can't answer the phone, I'm out square dancing. Leave a message--
Jesus, man...
Just what did you get yourself into, Jimmy?
You are drunk.  You know, it's been a long time and I'd love to catch up, but I really got to -
Well...whatsamatter?  Run in with the law?
Well where are ya, what are ya, drunk?
What?
Yeah, and that's all I'm going to say. If you want to arrest me, go ahead...
I asked him not to tell me where he was going.  I told him I don't want any part of it.
Long gone... MARVOSA Well you won't mind if I don't take your word for it, right?
Don't you guys ever knock?
