I'm on the side of our Mother Holy Church.  Besides, a confession under torture will never convince anyone of her guilt.
Scared to make a mistake.  Supposing she's right... supposing she really has been sent by God??
You won't be able to drag anything from her that way.  You also must realize that many of my colleagues are... well, scared...
But we can't do that unless she admits to blasphemy...
It is not for us to burn her, my lord.  That is your prerogative.
Be patient, my lord... you've seen how it is.  This girl has a way with people... but everyday we're making progress...
Calm down, my lord, I beg you!
But in order to do so, the church must first prove her heresy, or else you'll be burning a martyr...
But if this trial seems fixed, I fear you'll have the very opposite result to the one you want...
I understand your impatience, but if you want this trial to be acknowledged as legal we must follow correct procedure and...
She's loyal to her king... it's only to be expected that she...
What are you doing?  This is an ecclesiastical court -- you have no right to do this!
I -- I can't Jeanne... I can't hear your confession... I'm sorry...
I know, Jeanne... it was the only way to save you from the fire!
I don't understand, Jeanne... why did you do it?  Why?
Silence her!  Take her away...!
You have nothing to regret...
As often as you like -- now, please -- for the love of God -- sign!!
Sign this, and I will confess you myself if you want.
Jeanne, I beg of you... sign!  In God's name, don't you understand? I'm trying to save you!  If you don't sign, the English will burn you to death!  Is that what you want??
It is for us to determine whether you are a good Christian, not you.
Let me clarify things for you, Jeanne.  On the one hand there is the Church Triumphant, that is to say God, his saints, and the souls that are saved.  And then there is the Church Militant, that is to say our Holy Father the Pope, the cardinals, the prelates of the Church, the clergy, and all good Catholic Christians.  Moreover this Church, when assembled, is guided by the Holy Spirit and therefore cannot be in error.  That is why we ask you to submit to the Church Militant... that is to say, us.
Is it here?  Now?  In this room?
Tell us, Jeanne... do you often hear this voice?
Did it give you advice?  Good advice?
What did it tell you?
The voice was in your cell?
What were you doing when the voice came?
When exactly?  A day, a week -- when?
I assure you they do.  So... answer me... when was the last time you heard this voice?
Jeanne, you are not helping yourself.  If you don't answer our questions properly, your refusal will be taken into account.
Jeanne -- be careful -- you're not helping yourself by refusing to submit to our judgment...
Jeanne, listen to me very carefully. We are all men of faith, and we shall earnestly strive for the salvation of both your soul and body as though it were our own.  We do so in the name of our Holy Mother Church, who never closes her arms to those who would return to her.  But we cannot help you unless you submit to our learned judgment and authority.  Take heed of this charitable admonition, for if you persist in refusing our help, then we shall have no choice but to abandon you to the secular powers, and I think you know well enough the punishment that would await you.  So now... will you please recite Our Lord's Prayer?
Recite the Lord's Prayer.
Were you baptized?
Nineteen... or thereabouts...
How old are you?
Show us a little more cooperation first.  Where were you born?
So... begin by telling us your name -- assuming you're allowed to tell us that much?
You must take the oath!  Not even a king, would refuse to take an oath to tell the truth in a matter of faith.
You will swear to tell the truth about whatever you are asked.
Take the Holy Gospels in your hand and swear to tell the whole truth concerning everything you will be asked.
Yes.  They paid your ransom... tomorrow you will be transferred to their great castle at Rouen.
It seems that the English care more about you than the French.
Your trial, Jeanne.  On a charge of heresy.
Pierre Cauchon, Bishop of Beauvais. As you were captured in my diocese, the duty of conducting the trial falls upon me.
I will hear you... but not now, not here.
20,000?!  But... I heard King Charles was... financially embarrassed.
This word is -- regrettably appropriate for the situation.  In fact what we -- the Church -- wish to do is determine whether or not this girl is sent by God, as she claims.  You understand that we cannot allow just anybody to abuse God's name in this manner...
Not so well, I regret to say.  This business with the Maiden... it's caused him endless grief and torment.  That's why he's entrusted me with the task of... shall we say...
Thanks be to God.
Good day, sir.  I trust my honorable Duke of Burgundy is feeling well?
