I'm fed up with taking her orders. She swore she'd defeat the English before nightfall, instead of which she goes and plays the fool and gets herself nearly killed!  Look at the mess we're in!  That's her mess, not mine...!  We're worse off then if she'd never come at all!  ... now do as I say and Sound the Retreat!
I made no such promise.  Sound the retreat for the night!
Sound the retreat...
Good.
The English won't wait.
Well...?  Shall we go?
We need another ten minutes...
Jeanne, what are you doing with that... you've got it back to front...
What's going on?
The wind will be against us...
Can we -- uh -- discuss this later?
Jeanne, put yourself in my shoes for a moment -- how would you feel, if you were me?
Jeanne, you have to understand -- it's not easy for us -- I mean for our pride -- to suddenly be usurped by a -- well, with all due respect, by a... girl.
Jeanne, with respect -- we can't just attack the Tourelles like that -- it's a very complicated matter and...
Jeanne, that really makes no sense at all.  The Tourelles is virtually impregnable... besides, if we're on the other side of the river attacking the Tourelles, what's to stop Talbot attacking the city from the north?
So... what is the message?
Fine -- go now if you want, but not with me!  You may have a duty to God but I have a duty to my people, and my people are starving!  So right now I'm going to take the food back to the city, and if you can please calm down, and let me accompany you to Orleans, it will be my honor to welcome you.
Well.  I'd love to see that, but after taking counsel with my captains, I felt it would be better to first bring the food into the city, then wait till Alencon arrives with reinforcements before doing anything.
Because... because -- I mean -- the English have a broad sense of humor, but... I mean, you don't understand... to them you're a witch, working for the devil.  What makes you think they'll listen to you?
Wait, wait...
He's on the other side of the river.
I know...
Everywhere.  Where is the food?
Yes... they were.
As long as she brings food and supplies, she'll be welcome.
Xaintrailles...!  Don't talk to me about miracles...  If I was still sitting there waiting for a miracle, I'd be dead now. Anyway...
Yes, it's a miracle.
Calm yourself, Xaintrailles.  Now slowly.  Who has finally done what?
