After fifty years there ain't nothin' left but shoe leather.
Lemme see, was that before or after the oil fire?
Maybe you shoulda thought a that before you scuttled our boat.
I don't know. Tuesday?
I ain't no mechanic, just so you know.
Yeah. Hell, what difference does it make if we report it now or later? We call this in now, gonna be Coastguard, FBI, who knows who, all over the place.
She's so big somebody could come alongside her on the other side and we'd never know it.
We'll see who's dreamin', m'man.
It's a beautiful country. Very clean. Very civilized. And cold.
Looks like it took out the backup genny too.
Morning, skipper.
Take it easy, Dodge. It's only a piece of metal.
Are you crazy? Do you realize we got ourselves a ship? We own a ship, Dodge.
That's what it says.
Sixty pounds.
You think the extra strain caused it?
I don't care what, ain't nobody just gonna let us walk away with a ship that size.
Hypothetically speaking, what if we get this boat to Sitka and find out somebody wants it back?
Looks like Epps' gonna get some tonight.
Hear that, Dodge? Epps don't think it's a problem.
I didn't sign up to go home empty handed. And I sure ain't gonna roll over for the freaky motherfucker did this.
What?
You okay?
I don't even want to know what that's gonna taste like now.
I feel fine.
Lights?
No.
Stay away. Or else.
Coffee.
What'd he look like?
Hell, yeah. I like it cold. Colder the better.
Hell yeah.
Two hundred twenty two kilograms of solid gold.
Then why didn't they take it.
Cargo like this could make a crew think twice.
He'd let you off at the nearest port, that's for sure.
Too big. More like a freighter.
I bet you did.
Show your tatoos to that coxswain last night, did you Epps?
What's slow?
Fine with me.
All I'm saying is that gold's worth a lot more to us now than it ever was.
Now hold up just a minute. Let's be reasonable here.
What about the gold?
Doesn't look like it much matters.
Can't find the shotgun.
Must've heard something below deck and went down to check it out.
We're still drifting.
A what?
Must be a little too the truth, eh Dodge?
Gettin' a little hot under the collar, I'd say.
We ain't exactly in what you'd call your high traffic neighborhood either.
We're not gonna be able to pump it!
I wish I could tell you. I'd be real interested to know myself.
Oh, man.
Say what?
Last thing I remember I was aboard the Chimera. Down somewhere in there scavenging around.
What happened?
Lost my sea legs.
Never been more thirsty in my life.
Maybe Epps's mystery man had something to do with it.
And look what happened.
Ho-ly shit.
Pretty low all around.
I say we off-load some of that gold now.
Supposing he wants to get bad with us?
I don't know.
Moving to Sweden.
Fifty million four ways. That's twelve million and change a piece.  What you gonna do with your share, skipper?
And get a bunch of fools sniffin' around here?
What now?
I heard that.
Yeah, but we still gotta haul that big piece of shit all the way back to Sitka.
So what? We gonna unload the gold and get a move on?
If they thought it was lost at sea, they probably just wrote it off.
Ho, baby!
How much you figure that's worth, skipper?
You're up late.
Yeah.
All we got to do is hit some rough weather and you can forget about it.
You mean tow her back? That's a thirty thousand ton ship you're talking about.
Murphy, goddamit.
How's that?
Call the Coastguard?
Looks like it's adrift.
I been watching it for close to an hour and it hasn't moved. I can't raise it on the radio either. Makes me think it might be in trouble.
There's a large vessel out about ten miles to the north-west.
Red sky at night, sailor's delight.
Better than "making hamburger for Mickey D."
I must be in the wrong business.
Not bad for dragging a leaky tub half way to Russia.
Let the buyer beware.
The number nine on the starboard side's half flooded. Epps says it's a slow leak just under the waterline, about twenty gallons an hour. They must've pumped it before we left Sitka.
Greer to Murphy.
