Roger that, North Island. Arctic Warrior whiskey alpha sierra bravo four zero niner two. Over and out.
Roger, North Island. Please advise pending further information. Over.
Roger, North Island. I am tied to the passenger vessel Chimera. And she is afloat. Repeat, she is afloat. Over.
North Island, have you got any additional information? Over.
North Island, please repeat? Over.
Roger, North Island. Arctic Warrior over and out.
Passenger vessel "Chimera." I will spell: charlie hotel india mary echo romeo alpha. No registry information is available at this time. I have determined to the best of my ability that the vessel has been abandoned on the high seas at position one seven four west, five seven north at...  Two zero one four hours zulu time. Over.
A passenger liner, north island. Over.
A passenger liner. Over.
North Island, I wish to declare myself salvor-in-posession under section four two charlie of the International Maritime Convention.
Don't fall asleep.
You're late.
Tomorrow we'll see if we can't find some line and tackle. Use some of those bodies below decks for bait.
We'll stand the watch on deck tonight. You're up first.
Then you're a lucky man.
If money can buy what he wants.
What the hell happened!
Yeah.
Conveniently enough for you.
You didn't want us calling anybody. Too liable to ruin your big payday.
Don't lie to me!
You smashed it!
The radio!
I think you know.
Just what the hell do you think you're doing?!
There's no way we're gonna hide a few thousand pounds of gold from the Coastguard here. Besides, it'll be safer where it is.
What do you propose?
I guess the best strategy's just to tell them the truth.
How do you mean?
If they knew what they were carrying.
It was a man's voice. Repeating some sort of children's rhyme. I don't know, it didn't make any sense. You didn't hear it?
What is it?
Murphy.
Do what you need to do. Just do it fast.
Can't you use something else?
That'd be my guess.
Could be meant as a warning.
Bodies're too fresh.
If he's reasonable, maybe we can make some kind of deal. If not. We'll have to re-consider our options.
We'll stand a watch. Four on, eight off. Low man first.
And what do you propose? That we knock this guy off?
Not in the eyes of the law.
If somebody's aboard her already, she ain't ours. She's theirs.
Warm water current maybe, making the metal expand.
Dreamin's all any of you're gonna be doing if we don't get this boat running.
How about you Epps?
The sooner we get under way, the sooner we are to spending what's ours.
So we get a little more for the boat. Besides, the gold'll be safer where it is.
It looks like it.
A salvage claim to a vessel's cargo's as valid as a claim to the vessel itself. It's ours.
Either way, they must've had a pretty good reason.
Then it happened before they scuttled her.
A ship with fifty million dollars in gold aboard, adrift? And nobody seems to care enough to come looking for it?
It's a hell of a lot of money.
She take a radio?
Obviously it's some kind of screw up. The shipping records aren't a hundred percent accurate.
Goddamit, Dodge.
How long?
How long, then?
What about running number two by itself?
We gotta get outa here, Dodge. A storm blows up and we're history.
But how long?
I know I know, two ways to do anything --
How much longer's that gonna take?
I thought you said it was just a blade.
What's this?
How long to fix?
What is it?
With a little extra fuel, weather permitting, we should make Sitka in five days without another stop.
The damn thing's been floating around for God knows how long and it hasn't hit anything yet. So we take it easy. A little of the old push pull.
It's a risk I'm willing to take.
You have any idea how much a ship like that could be worth in salvage? The fittings alone could go for a few million.
What the hell would a freighter be doing up here? It's way out of the lanes. There's not a port for 800 miles.
You aren't jealous, are you Dodge?
I wish I could believe that. Either way, you know what I've done. I've got no choice.
I think maybe you been on this boat a little too long, with all that supernatural mumbo jumbo. There's nothing supernatural about greed. And that's what it comes down to, pure and simple.
I know a little bit about human nature and what I've seen only confirms that.
I think I see it pretty well.
I didn't want it to turn out this way.
The way I figure it, it was them or me. I thought putting Dodge up on that pipe was a nice touch? Bought a little time. Made it look like whoever killed those Greeks was still around. But it's just us on this ship. Us and your... spirit friends.
It was only a matter of time before somebody killed somebody.  You saw it coming as well as I did. Dodge had his plans, starting with scuttling the boat. And Greer too, except he went nuts. Couldn't take it, I guess. Could've happened in the middle of downtown Anchorage. But did it make him any less dangerous? I don't think so.
We're in an island chain. It's only a matter of time before we hit another one.
We hit land.
It's not the weather I'm worried about. The wrong current could drag us as far as the Aleutians before we come across another boat.
Hard to say which is worse, staying here or taking our chances in open water.
Crazy with greed. Not crazy. Not like him.
Over the gold.
What do you think?
Leave him till we can get some help.  From now on, nobody comes down here.
Epps? You there?
He's not on deck and I can't raise him on the radio.
Either of you seen Dodge?
Murphy to Epps.
Why you? How come the rest of us haven't seen these people?
What's that supposed to mean?
That much I think we've already established.
Victims of what?
Maybe it was one of them did the handy work on those Greeks.
Showing you what?
What, like some kind of ghost?
Not our mystery guest again.
I don't know, are we?
Never mind. Before your time.  I think at least some of the crew went a little nuts. The usual stuff that happens when people stumble on a fortune. Equal parts greed and paranoia, usually resulting in homicide. What happened after that is anybody's guess. But, judging by our Greek friends down below, it doesn't look like the last time.
I guess that's the sixty four thousand dollar question, isn't it?
Wish I could say the same.
Hey.
Doesn't matter.
Let 'em ask. This ship's legally ours now.
If it was a ship she hit.
But where's the damage?
Collision? With what?
Must not've been the captain's entry. He was probably out of the picture by then.
February first.
Smashed it up pretty bad.
Somebody took it out of commission last night.
The ah... the radio's out.
If they were close enough to shore, they probably figured they could get away in the lifeboats.
Possibly false. Hence the IMA record of being lost at sea. I don't think mutiny's out of the question here.
No. I'll try again later.
How's he doing?
I'll call us in. Dodge, see how many signal flares you can scrounge up.  Keep an eye on him.
I don't know. No. Not Greer. Somebody.
Just before I heard him yell there was somebody on the radio.
You just shoot at something?
Murphy to Epps.
Got your light?
No cowboy shit up there, understand?
Dodge, get on that turbine. I don't care if you don't sleep for a week. The sooner you're done, the sooner we can get out of here. How's the food situation?
We don't exactly have the best bargaining position.
You sure it wasn't me?
Are you sure?
What? What the hell're you talking about.
What guy?
Who?
Take it easy, you'll live longer.
For now the best thing we can do is to keep quiet about this.
Maybe. But there's always somebody whose interest's at stake.
Only way to be.
I think we'd be surprised where a drifting ship might wind up with a little wind and the right current.
Nobody knows. There've been a lot of theories, of course. But we'll never really know for sure.
She was a two-masted brig boat sailing out of New York in 1872.  One day she was sighted off the coast of Portugal by a merchant vessel, the Dei Gratia. As the crew of the Dei Gratia got closer, they discovered that no one was at the helm of the Mary Celeste. On boarding, they found her completely deserted. The captain, his wife, their daughter, and the entire crew, all gone. The last entry in their log made no mention of any trouble. The table was even set for dinner. And in the nine days after the last entry, she sailed 700 miles without anyone aboard.
Ever heard of the Mary Celeste?
Her destination was Halifax, yeah.
Some charts. A crew manifest.  Looks like her last voyage was January 1953. The question is where the hell's she been since.
Yeah. Thanks.
The law's on our side. If they want to challenge it, let them try.
Salvage fees on a vessel like this could come in around four million bucks. At least. Who knows, could be more. Could be a lot more.  What I'm proposing is... we split it four ways.
Candy?
Nobody's going anywhere with that gold now. Anybody tries to board, we'll know about it.  You can do what you want, Greer. But neither of us is gonna risk saving your ass down here if it comes to that.
You think whoever did this is reasonable?
Leave it.
So whoever did this now has our shotgun.
He took the shotgun and a light.
The mooring hasn't come taught.
Government weather. It's got a transmitter aboard.
It's a Noaa buoy.
Shut up.
The coast guard has our last position. They'll send somebody out soon enough. A ship this size you can't exactly miss.
Alright. Everybody grab your gear! This' is where we get off!
We heard you scream. Any idea what you might've seen?
Dodge found you out cold in one of the cabins.
You've been out for about a day.
You don't remember?
How're you feeling?
Drink up then.
Maybe.
Greek citizen. Merchant navy.  Obviously we aren't the first to come across this ship. They probably stumbled across it just like we did.
Couldn't have happened much more than a month ago.
We'll have to take it easy then. I don't think we'll find much aboard the ship, but it's probably worth looking around.
Would you hold on just a minute here, please? Look, there's no reason to panic now. Epps saw somebody. Fine. It's a big boat.  Chances're real good he doesn't even know about the gold. If we stay cool, nobody'll be the wiser.  The gold stays where it is til we're ready to go. Like I said, it'll be a hell of a lot safer there than here.
Let's just take it easy here, alright? Nobody's gonna kill anybody.
Greer?
Not much at all, I guess. Retire. Live out my golden years and all that.
We could call for help.
Dodge, you gotta get on those repairs.
It's worth the effort. Believe me. Besides we're gonna need her to prove the salvage.
We leave it where it is. Stick to the plan.
Not for fifty million. An ocean liner maybe. But fifty million in gold, they come looking for.
Hard to say. Maybe forty, fifty million.
Guess I must've fallen back to sleep. Where's Epps?
Morning.
Some classy tub in it's day, huh?
So we cut her loose and wait it out. A little weather couldn't be anything she hasn't seen before.
We've done it before.
Whatever the reason, she's adrift and abandoned. We've got every right to salvage her.
Sorry.
Besides a little rust, everything's pretty well-preserved.
It's funny.
Steer to one eight five. Let's check her out.
Too deep to anchor out there.
Alright. I'll be right up.
Yeah.
Red sky in morning, sailor take warning.
You got that right.
He'll sell the scrap for three times what he paid.
What do you say, Dodge?
Of course they did.
Go.
You got about two seconds to get your paws off me, Tarzan.
I heard you. But I'm choosing to ignore you. Epps, let's go.
As I said, what seems to be the trouble?
What seems to be the trouble, ladies?
You're kidding, right?
Fifteen, at the most.
You pump it out and re-seam the hull, she'll be good as new.
You got a leak in the number nine compartment.
Better late than never.
