Nor you. To you that word is as unfamiliar as love.
I respect him. At worst he was a worthy enemy. Show mercy... Oh thou great king... and win the respect of your own people.
I have come to beg for the life of William Wallace.
When will his trial be?
Is it true? Wallace is captured?
Grant, as you do everything else, with treachery. Offer him a truce to discuss terms, and send me to my castle at Locharmbie as your emissary. He trusts me. Pick thirty of your finest assassins for me to take along. And I will set the meeting, and the ambush.
Wallace himself. If you wish to pretend a ghost rallies new volunteers in every Scottish town, I leave you to your hauntings. If you wish to take him, I know a way.
I am cheerful with a plan to soothe your miseries. All of England shudders with the news of renewed rebellion.
Good day to you, M'Lords.
Yes. I had thought that... I was loathsome to you. Perhaps I am. If I may be excused, M'lord.
No, M'lord.
...His majesty was quite keen that you should understand --
Scotland. He intends --
You directed me to report to you the moment the king's conference was ended.
He will fight you forever. But what does he fight for? Freedom first, and peace. So grant them.
I have faced him. Have you?
Forgive me, Sire. I thought that generosity might demonstrate your greatness to those you mean to rule.
No. I have it to ease the suffering of the children of this war.
Humbly, M'lord.
...A mindless barbarian. Not a king like you, M'lord.
He waits. For you. He says he will attack no more towns -- if you are man enough to come fight him.
No. He did not.
Shall I leave, M'lord?
Your pardon, M'lord, he asked me to come in his stead.
...I wouldn't know.
This Scottish rebel... Wallace? He fights to avenge a woman?
He shouldn't be telling secrets in bed.
How do you know this?
I can't bear the thought of your torture. Take it!
Drink this! It will dull your pain.
You will die! It will be awful!
Mercy... is to die quickly. Perhaps even live in the Tower. In time, who knows what can happen, if you can only live.
Sir, I... come to beg you to confess all, and swear allegiance to the king, that he might show you mercy.
No. But can you love me for the sake of all you loved and lost? Or simply love me... because I love you?
You understand. Consider, before you laugh and say no. You will never own a throne, though you deserve one. But just as the sun will rise tomorrow, some man will rule England. And what if his veins ran not with the blood of Longshanks, but with that of a true king?
I have taken vows. More than one. I've vowed faithfulness to my husband, and sworn to give him a son. And I cannot keep both promises.
Because of the way you're looking at me now. The same way... as when we met.
It does me good to see you.
I understand you have suffered. I know... about your woman.
Peace is made is such ways.
Let us talk plainly. You invade England. But you cannot complete the conquest, so far from your shelter and supply. The King proposes that you withdraw your attack. In return he grants you title, estates, and this chest with a thousand pounds of gold, which I am to pay to you personally.
That is not possible.
Did God make you the sacker of peaceful cities? The executioner of the king's nephew, my husband's own cousin?
I understand that you have recently been given the rank of knight.
But now that I am here, will you speak with a woman?
I come as the king's servant, and with his authority.
I am the Princess of Wales.
