Yeah, that's him.  Buddy says Glenn thinks you guys are real cool.
Well, seeing as you have so much luck with cars, Buddy thought it might be better to bring two.  He got this guy he says you know from Lompoc, Glenn something.
And the one driving the other car?
Emil the Amazing.  The bastard fired me and hired another girl, a redhead. I'm working on a new business card, pass out to the cafes.  How's this sound--
What's free about it?  I'm looking for work.
So why don't you come right out and tell me what you're talking about?
Didn't you tell me one-time calls aren't monitored?
Till it's not funny any more.  What do you want, Jack?
Yes.
Yes.
Lie face down on the floor.
Who is it?
Yes, it is.
You're good.
Who are you?
That wasn't Jack's fault.  No, that was on account of Buddy, for some reason, decided to call his sister and confess to a job <u>before</u> they'd done it instead of after.  She called the FBI and they both went down, ended up at Lompoc.  I think Buddy felt kinda bad about that.
Jack came out of a bank he just robbed in Pasadena, couldn't get his stolen car to start.  Battery was dead.  He looks over, sees Buddy sitting in a burgundy Bonneville, goes up, offers him a thousand dollars for a jump. Turns out, Buddy was casing the same bank and saw the whole thing.  Buddy says, I'll take the thousand, but we're leaving in my car, not that piece of shit you come in.  They musta robbed fifty banks together.
Buddy'll take care of him.  Keep him out've trouble.  He's Jack's conscience. Always has been.  He tell you how they met?
I'll say one thing for Jack, he was never ugly or mean, or drank too much. He was very considerate, lights on or off, if you know what I mean.
He said he was a card player.  I could live with that.  I never knew he robbed banks till he got busted with that car that caught fire -- if you can imagine something like that happening, comes out of the bank and the car's on fire. I did go see him in jail to tell him I was filing for divorce.  He said, "Okay."  Jack's so easy going.  He was fun, but never what you'd call a real husband.
Huh.  Problem is, Jack's idea of a normal life is robbing banks.  It's all he's ever done.
He did?  I don't remember.  Did he say about me?  In the trunk?
He'd call every once in a while.
I don't know.  He was different after he was sentenced, looking at thirty years.  Said it depressed him every time the younger cons called him an old timer.
He didn't want me to.
He gets that way when he's nervous sometimes.
He didn't hurt you or anything, did he?
I'm getting ready to go out.  You can come in if you want, sit down for a minute.  Would you like a Diet Coke?
I know a Glenn.
They didn't <i>tell</i> me anything, they asked questions.
You were <i>both</i> in the trunk?  Together?
Go away, or I'll call the police.
I don't know where he is.
Wait in the hall!  I have to get dressed!
I'm not dressed.
You say you perform in the Miami area?
His assistant.
Yeah, I was Emil's box-jumper for almost four years.
Oh.  Uh-huh.
Yes.
