Jack --
I'll go with you.
All you gotta do is get in.
At least.
From the looks of those boys, the Ripper too.
What?
Come <i>on</i>.
They look like plain old rocks.
Yeah, hi.  Nice house.
They found the safe.
I don't ski.
I'm not leaving you alone with these assholes.
And who watches your back?
Half for doing what?
But you still think you can get the diamonds fore they do?
You know they gonna set us up.
Whatta you wanna do?
So what's that mean?  That you're disappointed by what you found or you're sorry you robbed all those banks?
You find out?
Did you give her a jump?  If you did I might begin to understand where your head's at.
So how's that work, a wanted felon socializing with a U.S. Marshal?
And she saw you?
It took you, what, seven hours to buy a pair of shoes?
Yeah, and I better call my sister.
They put a gun on you, you'll go back.
You might not have a choice.
My sister believes in fate, but not hell.  That's why she stopped praying for the lost souls since you don't hear that much about purgatory anymore. But every day she asks her boss to pray I don't fuck up.  Whatta you think, you think there's a hell, Jack?
I mean, they don't know for sure he's dead.  Look, there's always a chance we'll walk out've there with nothing.  I say let fate decide.
What about that D.B. Cooper guy?
Let Glenn deal with the Snoop, while we're off livin' the good life.
Yeah?  You think he'll let us in, we got Snoopy and the muscle-bound asshole with us?
No doubt the man's got some big-ass security system.
Now that's a really big house.
Forget about my sister.  If Karen Sisco's tailing Glenn, we're fucked. Tomorrow night at the fights we all get picked up.
Forty-five minutes.
Two hours.
Just hung up.
They don't stay the night, Jack, 'less you pay for it.
She came up here on her vacation, 'cause she likes shitty weather.
Outside of that.
What's he do now, tell fortunes?
Or two.
Whatta you think?
"Fight over tuna casserole may have spurred slaying."  Seems this woman's live-in boyfriend, seventy years old, complained about her tuna noodle casserole and she shot him in the face with a twelve-gauge.  Police found noodles in the woman's hair and think the guy dumped the casserole dish on her before she shot him.  They'd been together ten years.
They know where I live, I guess they know what I drive, so maybe we should pick up another car on the way.
He isn't fighting no more.  Glenn told me the Snoop's been managing some guys up there now, works out at the Kronk.
Remember Snoopy Miller, his old pal from Lompoc?
I been thinkin', if I was Glenn, I was up there to take down the Ripper, where would I go?
Now you're talkin'.
Sure looks that way.
There.  You see the guy sitting on the porch?  The old ladies and one guy? You know they'll have a couple more in a car somewhere.
You at least bring the gun?
Nice disguise.
And you know they're gonna have some people watching the hotel.
So call her up.  Tell her don't talk to any Cubans.
Jack?
He knows where she lives?
He's running for his life, he doesn't give a shit about you.
You better come see this.
Longer we hang around down here, Jack, better chance there is either Glenn's gonna fuck up the whole score, or we gonna get busted, or both.
Am I going to Detroit by myself?
You'll have to ask Glenn.  And most likely, he's on his way to Detroit, where we should be.
Just that she got away.
Paper says there's ten grand each on you, Chino and Lulu.
Maybe this'll make you feel better.
They pass this picture around you can go anywhere you want, nobody'll know you.
There's a store around the corner, I'll be right back.
There's something about a nice hot bath, transforms a person.  It's not just about opening up your pores, know what I mean?  There's just something about the heat and the wet that's calming you know?  Settles me in a way that I really can't articulate.
There's some lilac oil, you want some, a vanilla candle under the sink.
You're right.
Cause she had her hand on her gun the whole time, waiting to make her move.
You're too late, Jack.
You want to take her to my place and get cleaned up?  You come out of the bathroom with your after-shave on and she goes, "Oh, I had you all wrong"?
He ain't the problem, Jack.
How 'bout the score was his idea to begin with?
I brought 'em, they're back at Glades in the Cadillac.  You wanted to take her car.
The green-and-whites saw us.  One of 'em starts thinking, what's that car doing there?  Ties it to the break and turns around...
Jesus Christ, what were you doing in there?
We may as well leave her, we're leaving the car and we gotta leave her some place anyway, what's the difference where?
That's the turnpike up there.  Glenn's waiting with the other car.
Why don't we talk about it later?
The Wall Street guy?  Oh, yeah.  I didn't recognize him without his rug.
