And you let them come up.  You don't try to make the bust yourself.  You understand?
Now you see Foley and this guy Bragg come in behind us, whatta you do?
You can go wait out in the car, you want to.
Take the radio, stay down here in the lobby, watch the elevator.
Yeah, why?
You're primary, you're secondary, you're point man.
You get the key?
Good.  Now forget about the ex-wife and get over to the Adams Hotel.
Yeah, sure, Karen.  You bring in Chirino, you can be on the task force.
What?  Is that what you're calling me about?
Now.  What is it you wanted to tell me?
But don't you <u>do</u> anything.  You just have a seat, wait for me to get there.
There was a Buddy Bragg at Lompoc around the same time Foley was there.  We got an address for him at the Adams Hotel in Hallandale.  I want you to go there, see if you can get the manager to i.d. him as the other guy.  If he does, you call me right away...
What-- we already talked to her.  That's a dead end.
Where are you?  I been trying to reach you.
Karen.  Where are you?  I been trying to get a hold of you.
Sounds to me like he liked having you around.  I'll see you, Karen.  Mr. Sisco.
We'll talk another time, Karen.  All right?  I'd like to know why Foley put you in that second car when he didn't need you any more.
I have to qualify, is that it?
Karen, I've been with the Bureau fifteen years, on all kinds of investigations.
You say in the report Glenn didn't have a gun, but you let him get away, too.
The time came, you shot him.  But you didn't shoot Foley or the guy with him.  They're unarmed, you had a shotgun and you let them throw you in the trunk. Okay, now you got your Sig in your hand.  You say in the report you couldn't turn around, he had you pinned down.  But when the trunk opened, how come you didn't cap the two guys then?
Yeah, but I had enough reason to believe he did, and I told you.  So you had to at least suspect him.
Foley made me think of that fella Carl Tillman, the one you were seeing, it turns out the same time he was doing banks.  You recall that?
This fella holds you hostage, you talk about movies?
What'd you talk about?
You talked to him?
There's a couple of points I keep wondering about have to do with the two guys that grabbed you.  Buddy is it?  And this fella Jack Foley.  I swear the man must've robbed two hundred banks in his time.
Yes, but I want to hear you tell it. Starting with when you tried to grab the wheel -- where was this?
That's nice of you to offer, Karen, but I got all the help I can use right now.  Instead, let's talk about how you got the bump on your head.
Daniel Burdon, FBI.
