He did, huh.  Well, tell Buddy I see Glenn wearing his sunglasses I'll step on 'em.  I might not even take 'em off first.
Glenn Michaels.
What're you talking about?
Listen, Adele, the reason I called, that party is today instead of Sunday. About eight-thirty, like only a few hours from now.  So you'll have to get hold of Buddy, whatever he might be doing...
What happened to Mandrake the Magician?
Listen to Miss Smarty Mouth.  Out there in the free world.
I said not as a rule.
You know that Super Bowl party?  They changed the date.  It's on <u>tonight</u>, eight-thirty.
That's funny, Adele.  How many more times you gonna gimme that one?
Listen, Buddy, the shit that's about to go down, you'll be on the phone with your sister for a month.  Let me do this part alone.
No, you dump the van, meet me at the airport. I'll take one of Ripley's cars.
I'm going back inside.
We made it, didn't we?
And then they'll kill 'em.
They're gonna rape the maid, aren't they.
Shit.
They sure do.
You remember Buddy, don't you, Richard?
Stay with the maid.  I'm gonna have a look around.
You ever wear one of these?
There's still time, take me up on my offer.
Getting me out of Glades for starters.
I'll make you a deal.  Get out of here. Right now.  I'll do the job with the Snoop, meet you wherever you want and give you half.
I get that feeling, yeah.
They want to go tonight, before Glenn gets in any trouble, opens his big mouth.
I don't know.
Yeah, I did.
It wasn't about getting laid.  I just wanted to know what might've happened if things were different.
You know how I felt about her.
Yes, she did.
I saw Karen Sisco.
Listen, I gotta get some better shoes, few other things before tomorrow.  Why don't you drop me off at the Ren Cen, we'll hook up later?
They put a gun on you, you still have a choice, don't you?
Yeah, it's called Glades Correctional Institution and I'm sure as shit not going back there or any place like it.
Let fate decide?  What're you, the fuckin' Dali Lama now?
Tell me something, Buddy.  You know anyone who's actually done one last big score and gone to live the good life?  Cause it occurred to me that everyone <u>talks</u> about doing it, but I don't know anyone who's actually gone and <u>done</u> it.  Do you?
Who says anybody's gonna be with us? I say we go to the fights tomorrow, find out what the Snoop's big plan is, then go in ahead of those guys -- <u>alone</u>.
Time comes, we knock on the door.  See if he wants to talk about old times. Go in the easy way.
Jesus, look at that wall.  Place almost looks like a prison.
Let's drive by where we're meeting and have a look.  Maybe take a look at Ripley's place while we're at it.
You didn't tell your sister about Ripley, did you?  'Cause I don't wanna go through that again.
How long were you with the girl?
How long you talk to her?
You tell your sister about it?
I think she's after Glenn.  The girl still with you?
Doesn't say what she's doing up here, but I don't think it has anything to do with us.
Is that Snoopy?  In the purple doo rag?
I think Glenn opened his big mouth and now we got us another partner.
Love is funny.
She just sat there, looking right at me.
Snoopy.  Christ, I thought he'd be brain dead by now.
Well, first off, if you were Glenn, you wouldn't be thinking.
First thing we do, we get to Detroit, we find Glenn, then we find a window to throw him out of.
Let's go to Detroit.
I guess Adele's in good hands.
Uh-huh...
In here with my suntan lotion and beach towel.  That's her place.
I'm a tourist.
Shit.
Her phone's probably tapped.
We were talking one time, drinking rum.  I may've mentioned Adele, how she worked for a magician.  Chino got interested.  He's like, Yeah?  How does he saw the woman in half?  He wanted to meet her.  Or get a look at her if she ever came to visit.
He's gotta know by now that I gave him up back at Glades.  He does, he's gonna try to find me.  Maybe go see Adele, see what she knows.
Chino's gonna wanna talk to me.
What?!
We'll leave first thing in the morning.
Think this old guy is her boyfriend? It's the only picture she carries.
Yeah, but what happened after she drove off with Glenn?
Say anything in there about Karen Sisco?
I wasn't feeling my best that day. I'd just drawn thirty to life.
Sounds great.
I know exactly what you mean.  It's just a feeling.  You know, I could go for some wine tonight.
Oh, man.
I've been dreaming about a hot bath for the last six months.  Soak the prison off me.
You're just jealous it was me in the trunk with her and not you.
I'm just saying she wasn't scared.
I want to talk to her again, that's all.  See what would happen under, you know, normal circumstances.
I don't know why, but every time he opens his mouth I want to punch him out.
His idea?  Gimme a break.  Fuckin' guy's got a vacant lot for a head.  Was you and me figured the whole thing out.
Why you brought Glenn into this, I'll never know.
Wait a minute.  Let me have your raincoat.  Somebody forgot to bring me clean clothes.
Do we need him?
Get the shotgun.  And her purse.  I'd like to know who she is.
She's coming with us.
Okay, honey, come on out of there.
Where in the hell are we?
I bet that's all the hacks they send out.  Otherwise nobody's left to mind the store.
It's Richard Ripley.
I appreciate the offer.  And it's tempting.
You told me I can come 'cause I caught you digging the fuckin' tunnel, saw you and Lulu coming out of the bushes, thought maybe you two were making out.
You were out running this morning, sticking to your routine, anybody happened to notice.  But you only did a couple of miles instead of your usual five.  Saving yourself for the main event.  Then I see you inside eating ten pounds of macaroni. Carbohydrates for endurance.
Yeah, but I see you moved it up.
You excited?
You're right.  So why take a chance--
A little.
Not until recently.
Good luck, Richard.
I've seen 'em used on TV.
That's a wonderful story, Snoop.  I'm very excited about tonight.
So you've done this before, huh?
That what they're wearing these days to break and enter?
I wasn't asking permission.
Give me a minute, talk to Buddy.
I thought everything.
Snoop, if you don't know where Glenn is...
We're leaving.
Who's sitting here?
What's the matter with right here? It's nice and warm.
Look, Snoop, I don't know what Glenn promised you or what you think you're gonna get, but the deal is me and Buddy get half of whatever we take from Ripley, understand?  How you and Glenn cut up the rest is up to you.
Glenn didn't tell you?
Like being back in the yard, huh?
Low class of people there, Snoop.
Snoopy Miller, famous fight thrower.
Thirty-two outta what, twenty?
I don't smoke.
I bet.  How much?
How much for your company at chow?
Yeah, I got a problem.  This is the dumbest fucking shakedown in the history of dump shakedowns.  Three hundred bucks for a pillow?
Yeah.
Sign says "Shut the fuck up."  Or can't you guys read?
You just did, for Christ sake.
I told you, I'm not going back.
If you don't, one of those guys will.
Pretend I'm somebody else.
You know.
You getting serious on me now?
I don't know about that.  You can't do three falls and think you have much of a brain.
What about <i>my</i> motive?  Now I can say I fucked a US Marshal.  You think I will?
Why are you mad?
You coming back?
Don't talk like that, okay?  You scare me.
I don't think we should get into that.
To warn her about Chino.
Outside Adele's.
You know I saw you on the street.
Really?  I was thinking the same thing. If we could call time and get together for a while.
I wasn't sure you caught that.
I don't know.  I hadn't worked that part out yet.  All I knew was that I liked you, and I didn't want to leave you there, never see you again.
Why not?
I hear he didn't mean to.  The cop fell as Dillinger was aiming at his leg and got him through the heart.
I might've smelled like a sewer, but you could tell I was a gentleman. They say John Dillinger was a pretty nice guy.
Yeah, but in a nice way.
She did, huh.
That's not what you were about to say.
So do you.
It would be worth the risk.
Well, I'd say who I was and do you remember me and ask if you'd like to meet for a drink.
I called your room from downstairs.
It doesn't have to, it's something that happens.  It's like seeing a person you never saw before -- you could be passing on the street -- you look at each other and for a few seconds, there's a kind of recognition.  Like you both know something.  But then the next moment the person's gone, and it's too late to do anything about it, but you remember it because it was right there and you let it go, and you think, "What if I had stopped and said something?"  It might happen only a few times in your life.
It's not a game.  Something you play.
I don't think it works if we're somebody else.  You know what I mean?  Gary and Celeste, Jesus, what do they know about anything?
How far do we go with this?
Having it cleaned didn't help, huh?
You did?
I like your hair.  And that suit.
A girl.
Is that how you think of yourself?
Well, we got that out of the way.  Tell me, Celeste.  What do you do for a living?
You like bourbon?
Those guys bother you?
I can go to the bar.
I just thought maybe you and me could--
I'm partial to mountains myself.  But if you like islands, we'll make it an island.
He's dead.  He did twenty-seven years before he came out and died not too long after in Charity Hospital, I think trying to make up for all the good times he'd missed.  That's not gonna be me.
Why?  You think he might tell you where I am?
I can just picture that, a cute girl like you following slip-and-fall and whiplash cheaters.
Because you're having too much fun.
You won't do that.
Sure.  I'll just leave 'em with the S.W.A.T. guy answers the door.
How do we do that?
And your gun.
Really.  He has a cop's face.
I'm just worried maybe I'm not old enough for you.
Who was it answered the phone?
You know who this is?
Shit...
Uh-huh.  Well, but if --
Really.
Yeah...
Another one Faye Dunaway was in I liked, <i>Three Days of the Condor</i>.
I'm just saying I think if we met under different circumstances...
I mean if you didn't know who I was.
You're sure easy to talk to.  I wonder -- say we met under different circumstances and got to talking, say you were in a bar and I came up to you -- I wonder what would happen.
It wasn't pretty after, no, but if you were in that car -- eating a sandwich -- you wouldn't have known what hit you.
Yeah, right.  Anyway, that scene where Warren Beatty and Faye Dunaway get shot?  I remember thinking at the time it wouldn't be a bad way to go, if you have to.
And the guy saying he wasn't gonna take any more shit from anybody...
Yeah, I liked her in that movie about TV...
That part in the movie where they get shot?  Warren Beatty and... I can't think of her name.
You're full of interesting facts, aren't you?
Is that right?
Oh, you mean of Bonnie and Clyde?  Hm. You ever see pictures of him, the way he wore his hat?  You could tell he had that don't-give-a-shit air about him.
Yeah, well, if it turns out I get shot like a dog, it'll be in the street, not off a goddamn fence.
We still talk, though.
It was just a year, give or take a few days.  I mean, it's not like we didn't get along or anything.  We had fun, we just didn't have that... that thing, you know?  That spark, you know what I mean?  You gotta have that.
Jesus, you sound like my ex-wife.
You don't act like it.
You don't seem all that scared.
Basically.  Yeah.  If I go back now, I do a full thirty years, no time off. Can you imagine looking at that?
I believe you would have.  Another fall, I did seven years at Lompoc.  And I don't mean the place next door where some of Nixon's people went.
I thought so, too.
Tell you the truth, I don't know.  I started when I was eighteen, driving for my Uncle Cully and his partner, Gus.  They go into a bank this one time in Slidell, Gus jumps the counter to get the tellers and breaks his leg. All three of us ended up in Angola.
Time I was convicted in California? FBI told me I'd robbed more banks than anyone in the computer.
Jack Foley.  You've probably heard of me.
One I gave him, yeah.  Fuck...
Who, Buddy?  Yeah.  He's a good guy. Back when we jailed together, he'd call his sister every week without fail.  She's a born-again Christian, does bookkeeping for a televangelist. Buddy calls her up, confesses his sins, tells her about whatever bank he happened to rob.
If they get set up in time, which I doubt.  And even if they do they'll be looking for a buncha little Latin fellas, not a big black guy driving a Ford.
Guys like me, huh.  Well, listen, even though I've been celibate lately, I'm not gonna force myself on you.  I've never done that in my life.
Yeah, went real nice with that twelve gauge, too.  Tell me, why in the world would someone like you ever become a federal marshall?
Boy, it stunk in there.
Where's your gun, your pistol?
You devil, it's mace, huh?  What've you got here, a billy?  Use it on poor unfortunate offenders.
There isn't any.  All this shit you got in here.  What is all this stuff anyway?  Handcuffs, chains... what's this can?
You comfy?
Why you're just a girl.  What do you do for a living you pack a shotgun?
Why?  Just because you left us standing on the side of the road?
Whose blood you got all over you?
What happened to your shades?  Someone finally step on 'em?
Yeah?  She said that to you?
Weren't you expecting us?
The backseat.
I'd like you to go wait in the car. How's that?  Take her with you and put her in back.
Wait in the car.
You don't take 'em off, I'm gonna throw 'em off the overpass while they're still on your head.
Take your sunglasses off.
Oh, nuthin'.
Oh, hey, Studs?  We thought you were somebody else.
Use your head.  The guys got five million lying around his house, you really think he's gonna tell some motormouth he just met in prison about it?
My point is, that's probably what you're gonna end up with.
Ever seen an uncut diamond, Studs? They look like plain old rocks.
I guess the bright glare out here made it hard to see the numbers on the weights.
Who you talkin' to, Studs?  Me, or Buddy.  I can't tell, you got those shades on.
I do, but I won't tell you just yet. Meet me in the chapel at eight-thirty, right before lock-down.
Looks like tonight.
I hear six.
I expect you to look out for me, Pup, let me run off work details.
Some people are going out of here. What if I told you where and when?
Don't be an asshole, Richard.  They're gonna kill you.
I were you, I'd get up and run.
Dumbfuck Glenn was right, there's about five million worth in there, wouldn't you say, Richard?
I'm not angry, Richard.  In fact, I'm completely relaxed.  Thing is, I can't tell if it's the fish that're cooling me out or all those uncut diamonds on the bottom of the tank there.
Siddown, Dick.  They're trying to open the safe, not your maid.
You gonna write me a check?
A minute or two, you're gonna wish you were.
What kinda man lets a woman answer the door, this time a night?
Maurice Miller, couple of his friends.
How are you, Richard?
Oh, yeah, I'm calm.  In fact, I'm totally "relaxed..."
How, Dick?  The way <u>you</u> earned it?  By marrying some rich broad owns the company, selling it off a piece at a time, then divorcing her?  What is this Knute Rockne, pull yourself up by the bootstraps bullshit?  Back in prison, guy like you, place like that, you were ice cream for freaks.  You were a goddamn dumpling.  Maurice and a dozen other guys coulda bled you till you had nothing.  Till you <u>were</u> nothing.  I saved your ass.  So you'll pardon me if I don't wanna sit on a fuckin stool all day saying "sign in here please" or "hey, pal, you can't park there."  Okay, Dick?  I can't do it.
You goin' right back to work?
I still haven't made up my mind yet.
The next time I walk into a bank.
And the guy sent you a bill for this?
I can't say that I've paid that much attention to 'em before.
The fish?
My ex-wife's in Miami.  It's nice down there.
I don't know.  I'm not exactly the nine-to-five type.
It's a little late for me.
Twenty-two months, three days, two hours.  Why?
Doesn't have to figure out shit.  You <u>told</u> him you keep 'em at your house.
Of course not.
You're the one with balls, Dick, say something like that to someone like Glenn.  Or maybe you just forgot where you were for a minute.
No?  Where do you keep it, Dick?  I'm talking about all those uncut diamonds you told Glenn about.
You'd be surprised what all you can get, you ask for it the right way.
I don't know.  I never used a gun.
Any time.
First of all, if he kills you, he's not gonna get any more money out of you.
You're smart, Ripley, you'll tell this guy to fuck off.
Must be a real soft pillow.
You don't wanna be standing there, the hacks start asking questions you don't wanna answer.
I don't know.  It's a long way down to Florida.
Yeah, could be.  Or maybe she thought we'd have a lot to talk about.
She did, huh.
And so now you're off to Glades.
You must be some kinda walker, Henry.
The <u>ninth</u>?
There were others.
And how long was it before they caught up with you?
You busted out?
Meaning?
You were at Leavenworth, huh?
The flight?
What's it mean, "No Hair"?
<i>Hejira?</i>  What kinda name is that?
