I thought you guys were busted.
These guys, man, they're crazy.  Shit.
I don't know...
She <i>knew</i> me from some bullshit dope bust.  She drove me to court.  Twice. You know what she said, we're in the car on the turnpike?  "I never forget anybody I've cuffed and shackled."
That broad you picked up -- did you know she was a US Marshal, for Christ sake?
In the trunk?
You're in civilization now, man, ease up.
I see better with them on.
Studs.  Man, I haven't heard that since Lompoc.  What's going on?
You think he's lying?
So.  What's your point?
Detroit.  Snoopy Miller told me uncut diamonds are as easy to move as cash.
I'll take the shades off.  Just get this fuckin' thing off me.
You guys-- come on-- this is too heavy!
He got three years and fined fifty million dollars and wrote 'em a fucking check.  Like that, fifty mil, signed his name.  Whoa-- little help here!
I know, you'll find me.  Jesus, I believe it.  I keep thinking if you hadn't driven me to federal court last summer, you wouldn't even know who I am.
Really?
I'm freezing my ass off.
I don't know-- he doesn't exactly confide in me.
Maurice is gonna kill him, try and collect the reward.
He's supposed to be, but he hasn't shown up yet, which is a good thing for him.
Yeah, the plan was to pick him up at his office tomorrow, take him out to his house in Bloomfield Hills.  Now, I don't give a shit what they do.
Rippin' off Ripley was my idea, but these guys, man, they're into shit I can't handle.
Nothing.  I just wanna get the fuck outta here.
Listen, these guys, they're gonna be out here any minute looking for me. They're fucking animals.
You're gonna bust me for picking up a car?
Jesus.  How'd you know about Snoopy?
I already stole it.  Last week or whenever it was, in West Palm.  I can't be stealing it again, can I?
I mean I'm not stealing the fucking car.
Jesus, I don't believe it.
No way, man, no fuckin' way am I gonna turn myself in.
What am I supposed to do <u>now</u>?
We're not.  I'm helping him, yeah--
I remember you now.  Shit.
But you're sure we've met, huh?
It couldn't have been out at Glades, if that's what you're thinking.  I was never out there.
I got a big score lined up up north. They wouldn't even know about it, it wasn't for me.  I could do it right now myself, except it's so fucking cold up there in January--
Jesus, what'd you crawl through, a sewer?
Why would I do that?
It's all right with you, I'll just hang in the car.
Why'd he have to do that to that girl?
I think you're forgetting, this is my car.  I drove it up here.
I don't have to prove shit to you. The Ripley job is <i>my</i> job.  You're either in or you're not.  You wanna pop some crack dealer pissed you off, that's your problem, not mine.
What-- when?
Can I do what?
Me?
Wait a minute.  I'm letting <i>you</i> in on this, not all your friends.
What?
So you still haven't said, how you wanna do it?
If they're not busted now, they're gonna be.  It's wide open.
Sure, right, they see Bigfoot driving around a black guy wearing shades and a lavender fucking bandanna, no, they won't think anything of it.
You there?
It's Richard Ripley.
It's a guy you know.
I can't really go into it right now. I'll just tell you it's someone big.
I wanna talk to you about a job.
Listen, Snoopy, I'm on my way up to Detroit and need a place to crash.
Snoopy.  Glenn Michaels.
