My little girl, the tough babe.
I was just thinking... you could have a nice time with him on the plane -- like picking up where your interlude, or whatever you call it, left off. And then throw him in the can.
You gonna go get him?
He doesn't seem to hold a grudge.  What <i>I</i> want to know is why, they got such a big score up north, did Foley hang around Miami for so long?  Any thoughts on that one?
So?
I imagine you would've though.
You wave back?
He waved to you?
Yeah, but you talked all the way from GCI to the turnpike.  It sounds more like a first date than a kidnapping.
You like the wild ones, don't you? Tillman, Nicolet and now Foley.  You know, I've always said there's a thin line between the cowboy cops and the armed robbers, all those guys that love to pack.
Maybe.  But you're also curious about the man.  Twice last night you asked your married boyfriend Nicolet about him.  You were concerned, but you didn't want to show it.
But you know he's dirty and you still wanna see him again.
He remind you of that guy, Tillman?
Remember, pay attention to how she talks about Foley, her tone.  Do it right, she'll tell you things she wouldn't tell Burdon.  Tell her you think he's a nice guy.  No, first tell her about being in the trunk with him, in the dark for half an hour, and see how she takes it.  If she's in on it, what does she get for all the aggravation; cops breathing on her?  I bet nothing.  So she still likes him enough to stick her neck out.  You think that's possible?  What kind of guy is he?
Hello?  Yeah, she is.  Just a minute.  For you.
Off a tip?
I see that.
No?
Tell you what, you're a good girl, you might get another one for Christmas.
What are you thinking about?
"Hey, yourself."
You were talking in your sleep.
I'd like that.
We don't get to talk much any more.
You'd meet doctors, lawyers -- nothing wrong with them necessarily if they're divorced.  Why settle for some cowboy cop who drinks too much and cheats on his wife?  That's the way those hotshots are, all of 'em.
You used to like it.
You know you can always step in, work with me full-time as one of my investigators.
What're you doing at Glades?
Then they're not separated, are they?
Oh, he's moved out?
He's still married though, huh?
Which one is that?  The ATF guy?
Happy birthday, kid.  You want another Coke?
It's a --
Something better.  Open it.
So the woman's married.  She goes to bed with this prison escapee because he misses his little girl and then tells the world about it.  But you don't reveal her name, you protect her.  It sounds like you're saying it's okay as long as her husband doesn't find out about it.  Like the guy who cheats on his wife, saying what she doesn't know won't hurt her.
That's how you score now?
...She fixes him pork chops and rice, the next thing you know they're making love on the sofa.  She says he was very gentle.
Did you pay the guy the reward?
I knew it, soon as I saw they were offering a reward.
In case no one knows what he does. Tell me, Ray, you ever wear one says, "Undercover"?
Likewise.
