This kind of setup, you don't have any idea what the fuck you're doing -- do you?
Nervous?
Jack, you don't use a gun, do you?
Someone down here?
You know how to use one a these?
Hey.  You learn from doing.
Takes the TV, the VCR, some other shit and leaves his wallet on the floor.
Shit, yeah.  White Boy even got busted for it.  White Boy, tell these boys the reason you went down on that burglary that time.
Break and enter, shit.  Take it and git, how it's done.  Don't waste any time.  That's how you do it.
You got two minutes, that's all.  Make up your mind.
Soon as we leave here.  Stop home and pick up what we need and go do it.
Look, what you worried about Glenn for?  What's he know?
The fuck you talking about?
Reggie, push off and hit, man.  Push him off.
Your homie, Glenn.  Only thing, he went to the men's about a while ago and never came back.
Warm?  Man, it's ninety-five degrees in here, sometimes a hundred -- the way Emanuel always kep' it so his boys'd sweat, get lean and mean like Tommy Hearns.  No, I ain't talking any business in here.  To me this is holy ground, man.  You understand?  I got to be someplace anyway.  Y'all want to talk, come to the fights tomorrow night, we'll sit down and look at it good. The State Theater.
Let's go outside and talk.
Just like it.  Nobody backing down. You back down, you pussy.  Tell me what you and Buddy doing up here in the cold?
It seems to me I been reading about you in the newspaper.  Busted out of some joint in Florida, huh?
Himey here's a pro-toh-jay of mine. He's ranked number thirty-two in the federal prison system.
This doesn't concern you, Foley.  Why don't you go on out to the yard, have yourself a smoke?
Another C.
Company, shit.  I watch the man's back.
That's right.
There a problem, Foley?
No.  You gonna stay close to me from now on.  So you don't disappear on me.
Yeah, Kenneth, why you have to do that to that poor girl.
That was some shit, huh?
Hey, shit, come on.  I say I want this car, man, it's mine.  You go get yourself another one.  I say I'm in on Ripley?  I'm in, with or without <i>your</i> ass.  I say I want you to come along on another job, see if you for real or not, guess what you gonna do?
Look, Glenn, I know you cool, but you don't have to give me no tone of voice, okay?  You don't like what I'm saying, you can get out anywhere along here you want.
Right now, son.
Walk in a house with me, do this cross- dressin' nigga named Eddie Solomon I used to sell to been dealin' on his own.
Yeah.  If you can step up and actually do it.  Understand?  'Stead of just talking the talk.
Thing I'm worried about is you.
You just ask me how we gonna do it. That's what I'm here for, tell you how.  We the experts.
I'll show you, soon as I get one more guy I'm gonna need, Moselle's brother, Kenneth.  Along with White Boy there.
You sure Foley and his pal aren't coming up here, do this themself?
It's lilac, man, the color, and the style's made known by Deion and other defensive backs in the pros.  I could be one of them living out here with doctors of my race and basketball players.  Okay, here comes Mr. Ripley's house up on the left.  Yeah.  The brick wall.  There's his drive, right there.
Watch the road, boy.  I like this Town Car.  We can cruise the man's neighbourhood without getting the police or private security people on our ass.
Oh, I'm here, all right.  I'm very here. Question is, why aren't <u>you</u> here?
Gimme another hint.
Some<u>one</u>?  Gimme a hint.
Uh-huh.
You crazy, come up <u>here</u>?  It's fuckin one degree outside.
Studs.  Hey, son, you must be one a them psychic friends.  I was just thinkin' about you.
A'ight, this time we gotta get the motherfuckin' trajectory right...  Okay, on three:  One... Two...
How do I look, mama?
Let's go upstairs, have a look at the man's bedroom.  All right now, you and Mr. Buddy check the rooms down here. Look at the wall behind any pictures hanging on it.  Look at the walls in the closets.  The man has a safe, it's gonna be up there somewhere.
Where's Ripley's safe at, he keep his valuables in.
You here all by yourself?
When's he due back?
Out for the evening?
Not yet.  Where's Mr. Ripley?
Where the fuck is Foley?
Forget about her.  Tell me where the money's at.
Where you been hiding, Dick?
Well, if it isn't the Ripper hisself.
Yeah.  Sure.  It's all settled.
Faux goose down.
...and that extra pillow's gonna be an even three c's.
That Bausch & Lomb Saline shit you asked for is gonna be eighty bucks.
Whoever.  The point is, prices are goin' up, too.  Better get your little black book out, Richard.  We got some business to talk about.
Year ago, I come in here on credit card fraud, but after I shanked that loudmouth pussy on the yard the other day, my Dunn & Broadstreet, has gone way the fuck up.
Not so fast, Dick.  Starting now, there's gonna be an across the board cost a living increase.
...the fuck is this...
White Boy, the man's not gonna hide no diamonds under the fuckin' mattress.
I sent these two looking for him, they come back shaking their heads.
Uh-huh.  You recall, did it say dead or alive?
White Boy, how much is the reward on the man again?
Jack Foley, famous bank robber.
