They're getting awfully close... what the hell are they doing?
Well, I feel a whole lot better with them out there. We may need some help.
Captain, the Enterprise!
There's no temporal shielding in here! We're starting to pick up relativistic effects!
The inertial dampers are having trouble compensating... I don't think Cochrane built this thing for comfort.
I'm on it...
The nacelles are charged... nuclear warhead standing by. We're ready to ignite the warp drive.
The Vulcans should be out there right now. We need to break the warp barrier in the next five minutes if we're going to get their attention.
Ready to deploy the warp nacelles.
Ignore it. We'll be fine.  Prepare for first stage shut-down and separation on my mark...
Entering the upper ionospere...
Solid rocket fuel at twenty-five thousand kilograms...
What's still there?
No... the door's too thick.
Captain... we've got less than ten minutes before that Vulcan ship leaves the system. We've got to go <U>now</U>.
Captain --
Tell her to go back to Resurrection.
Always am.
They used copper pipes in their plumbing... so I melted it down... and fused it with some tritanium from one of our phaser casings.  It's not the strongest alloy... but it's better than all this crude aluminum and steel.
Maybe...  Sure. Yeah. As long as I could get a clear look at the intake configuration. But so far, we haven't found any other photos.
We're tearing this place apart looking for them... but the computers are down, and the fires destroyed half the files...so far, nothing.
Yeah... if I knew what it looked like. There's probably five hundred ways to design a valve like this...
This used to be the throttle valve assembly.  It controls the thrust of the engines. It's been completely vaporized... and without it, there's no way to launch the ship.
It could be the radiation, Captain. Try from the surface.
Blast door. It's designed to protect the control room when the missile is launched.
Alphanumeric lock. We need a password to get in...
I'm picking up faint life signs twenty meters below.
I'm having trouble scanning underground. There's a lot of radiation leaking from something.
This must be it.
I have the silo, sir. Bearing three one zero... distance, three hundred meters.
Captain, I'm starting to worry about the hull integrity. We've been running the support field at full power for three hours straight. I don't know how much longer it's going to hold up.
