Incoming transmission from Starfleet Command. Admiral Hayes.
Aye, sir.
Target locked!
Phasers are off-line... we have two quantum torpedoes left. But the computer targeting system has been destroyed.
Captain, I've found the Borg Sphere. It's on the far side of the planet...firing at the surface.
Hull integrity down to thirty percent...
Captain, there are five Borg ships closing in on our position.
Aye, sir.
Port battery, ready sir!
Nothing.
We've lost Bridge control!
Understood!
And Commander, whatever you do... do <U>not</U> vomit in your exo-suit. It would be... unpleasant.
Try not to look at the stars... keep your eyes on the ship.
Are you alright?
The Borg will undoubtedly attack. Set phasers to rotating modulation.
You will have to realign the targeting array of the quantum torpedo... and reprogram the warhead for the localized detonation.  There's only one torpedo left...
Destroy the deflector dish.
We have to stop them from sending that message.
They're converting the deflector dish into an antennae...
They're re-routing the deflector power conduits...
They appear to be modifying the deflector dish.
To control the Enterprise, they'll have to gain access to one of two locations. Main Engineering... or the Bridge.
We saw at least thirty...and there are twenty-two Enterprise crewmembers reported missing... including Commander Data.
It appears that someone has taken over the Environmental Control Room.
A ship-wide decompression has been initiated!
I have assigned two damage control teams to locate the source of our communication problems. So far, they've had no success.
Incoming message from the Starship Intrepid. Admiral Hayes.
Commander... we have a problem.
Something is very wrong, Commander. We're falling back.
Worf to Bridge. We're about to enter the Environmental Control Room.
There's a dampening field in place on this deck. Our tricorders are useless.
Worf to Bridge.
What kind of message?
Data's positronic net contains classified information on the Enterprise. Command codes, security protocols...
There were no planetary defense systems in this era. Their weapons were designed to fight each other... not extraterrestrials.
Target...
No response.  I'm not reading any Starfleet com traffic in this entire sector.
