Sure, pop. Whatever you want.
Please, pop, just go back to your room.
Everything's fine, pop.
Now you're talking.
Yeah, but Joe was coming here anyways. Just go back to Earth and enjoy your records and the Hall of Fame and the beautiful family and all that.
In exchange for eternal damnation of your soul? You're too nice of a guy for me to want to do that to you, Mr. Marino.
I'm sorry. After careful consideration, I regretfully have to decline.
Put it back on my head. I'm falling apart here.
I got no ears! I can't hear!
No, no, that's not what I said. He can keep his thumbs, but the fingers gotta go.
Yes, Jimmy.
Listen, I got down low. Your mom's got up high. You take care of the middle.
Nicky, I let my butterflies die once upon a time and it's never stopped hurting.  That's right, you heard me, Holly. I'm still in love with you.
You're back in Hell now, kid. There's no butterflies here. If you want butterflies, you need to be on Earth.
You came through, Nicky.
I can't hear you, Nicky. I can't hear anything!
What are you gonna do? Look at me, Nicky! I got no legs, I got no hips, I got one ear...
Please, Nicky, get back up there.  Try to hurry.
That's a train, son. Don't stand in front of them.
Son, just do your best.
Nicky, the worst thing that could happen on Earth is you get killed, in which case, boom, you end up back here.
I'm too weak. The process has already begun.
To do that Cassius and Adrian have to come back through the other way.
I'm gonna die, Nicky. If the gates are broken, no new souls can get in, which means I'll start to deteriorate into nothing.
This is bad, Nicky.
And I also happen to be a Jets fan.
I was just playing with you.
Who is this, Metal-lick-a?
I don't care what kind of mood you're in at the start of that song. When it's over, that mood has been altered. Wow. Great shit. What's next?
Now that was an experience. "You are only coming through in waves." That line blows my mind every time.
The important thing for the stability of our rule is to maintain the balance between good and evil. And I don't think any of you are ready for that responsibility yet. You need the wisdom that comes only with the passage of time.
Such a sweet boy. But after much thought and careful consideration, I've decided that the ruler for the next ten thousand years is going to have to be... me.
This was a very difficult decision, because I have three wonderful sons. I mean, Adrian, so smart, so ruthless. And Cassius, so strong, so tough. And Nicky, so... so...
Okay, kid, we'll listen to it later.
Now everybody sit down.
Cassius, didn't I tell you to stay out of your brother's mind?
