Creasy...  I'd have liked to have known you under different circumstances.
You have no interest in making things easy, do you?
No, but I have to admit I thought about it.
I want to arrest you for murder! I want to shake your hand and reload your gun! I want to kill my pride and give you my blessing.
You walk out and deal justice. You're what I wish I could be.  The policemen who kills you, his family will have all they want.
My country needs justice. Proper justice. Gunning men down in the street only feeds the violence. They need to be brought to trial. Dealt with properly. Then people will respect the law. When they see it works.
It galls me to watch you. You can do as much in days as I can in years. Men like the 'The Dreamer' are protected. Out of everyone's grasp it seems, but yours.
My family lives in Miami. Because of the death threats.
He was one of the original founders of 'Le Hermanidad' in the days when it represented good not evil.
The same thing as you. Except, my reach isn't as long as yours. My father was a policemen, did you know that?
The last few days may represent the best police work of my life.
Sit, Creasy. Everything that happens from now on does so with my permission.  Really. You won't find a better carne asada in all of Mexico.
Hombre en fuego. Man On Fire. That's what the papers have named you.
All these photos you just saw were of policemen. Sadly they're protected. La Hermanidad. The brotherhood.
No. It would be convenient, but no.
You have a rather checkered past. Mr. Creasy. Your Interpol file is six pages long.
Believe it or not, you're safe here. The Judicial police will kill you. If they can.  This page?
[He's the man, 'the Boss?' My guys got into the house on the pretext of giving cholera shots. We had to inject the whole Barrio. We bugged the house and stole the picture of him.]
[I should start going for your tits first.]
[A beautiful circle.]
[You only fuck me to get information.]
[I think he's... magnificent.]
[When you talked to him, did he look sane?]
[Is it true? Creasy saved the little girl that was kidnapped yesterday.]
[It's a moral issue. On one hand you're cleaning up the bad guys, but in another way we are feeding the problem that produces bad guys.]
[I know this. Your point?]
[We did voice analysis of the last five high profile kidnappings, including the little girl. The same man 'The Dreamer'. Listen to this.]
[He'll die of his wounds; bleed to death before he can do anything.]
[Is that good or bad?]
And they took that away.
What was she to Creasy then?
I plan to. I'll even help him if I can. He's going to lead me to the 'The Dreamer'. Someone I want very badly. But I'd like to understand him. Give me that.
This is my jurisdiction. I want these men as much as Creasy does.
What happened to him? What happened to Creasy?
You and Creasy both. A two man army according to Interpol. Panama. Lebanon with the Druze. Desert Storm. Where you were contracted by the U.S. Army to hunt down elite Iraqi military commanders.  You two were a married couple.
Yes. But if I traced Creasy to you, others will do it as well. Their facilities are as good as my own, if not better.
You helped him get this job.
I read the file. You and Creasy have been seen quite a bit together.
Tell me about your friend Creasy.
Pollo Pibil. Chicken and chorizo sausage. Hmmmh. They marinate it in lemon and orange juice. It's a stew really.
So am I.
I'm sure he isn't. Though he's certainly adept at killing.
