Oh, just some insurance guy.
You'd be surprised.
Are you okay?
If the military are listening, they must immediately destroy this building before they can escape.
Your station won't have any easier time contacting the military than I did.
How do you know?
Circuits are overloaded.
I was wrong.
What are you doing here?
So you thought that made it okay to steal my tapes?
I shouldn't have to, Audrey. You're supposed to be my friend. I trusted you.
Well what the hell did you think was going to happen?
Yes. Do you realize that a creature like this could lay as many as a dozen eggs at a time!
The ultimate expression of evolution, it reproduces asexually. Think about it, all kinds of creatures have been known to travel great distances for reproduction. That's why he came to New York. Like every species of insufficient progenitors, he's nesting!
Well, obviously these tests weren't designed for this but fundamentally they're looking for the same hormonal patterns that would indicate pregnancy.
...he's pregnant.
I got pretty close.
Yes. The first of its kind. I found this blood sample earlier this evening...
I have this theory that we're inadvertently creating new species as a direct result of what we've done to nature.
When you and I use to attend rallies in college, we helped to create awareness. But from the inside now I can actually effect change.  I never lost my idealism.
Wait. I'm sorry. You're right. Eight years is a long time. Can I offer you a cup of tea?
Most people don't.
You just left me without a phone call, a letter, nothing. All this time. Yeah, I guess I'm still a little mad.
No, I'm into earthworms now. You wouldn't be interested. They're real "boring" creatures. Very reliable, dependable, no surprises...
You're a reporter. That's what you always wanted to be, right? I'm happy for you. Really, I am.
So you made it.
Audrey?! Is that you? Hi, hello. You look, wow, uh, how've you been?
I'll take them all.
Make sure they find that nest before it's too late.
Me too.
I don't think so.
More than that. I believe this is a mutated aberration, a hybrid from the fall out in that region.
Oh, thank you.  Is she always like this?
Not for a long time, now.
No. Perhaps I work too much.
Oh, I'm not married.
Hi. Nick Tatopoulos...
No, it's still in my tent. It's...oh my God, she took it.
It may be too late by then. These eggs will hatch very quickly.
No, it reproduces asexually. That's why we must find the nest. If we don't, dozens will be born, each one capable of laying eggs of its own. Very quickly we could be looking at an enormous population.
Um, excuse me, sir, but the situation's more complicated than that. The blood I recovered revealed that the creature is either about to lay eggs or already has.
Well, yes. I did. Clearly he was injured and bled.
When I needed to catch earthworms, I knew the best way to catch them was not to chase them. I had to draw them out.
You know, he's not an enemy trying to evade you. He's just an animal.
What do we know? It was first sighted off the French Polynesian Pacific. An area that has been exposed to dozens of nuclear tests over the last thirty years.
The radiation is not an anomaly, it's the clue. This creature is far too unique on every level to be some lost dinosaur.
Somebody must have seen it.
But there's no animal in the world that can make prints like that? Is there?
That was a footprint. I was standing inside a footprint.
What sample?
They're enormous! A new species created by man's recklessness. That's what I've been trying to tell you, I'm only a biologist. I take radioactive samples and study them.
It means that due to a man made accident the Chernobyl earthworms are now over seventeen percent larger than they were before. Mutated by seventeen percent?
The radioactive contamination in that area altered the earthworm's DNA! You have any idea what that means?
Do you know that you just interrupted a three year study of the Chernobyl earthworm?
Look, I may work for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission but accidents and spills are not my field.
You didn't answer my question. In fact, for the last 18 hours no one has answered any of my questions.
Excuse me, would you mind telling me what the hell I'm doing here?
It's Tatopoulos.
Wait.  Au revoir.
I understand.
Where are you?
Hello?
It's okay. I know her.
I can't get through. I don't know what's wrong.
How do I do that?
Good idea.
Three eggs. I thought there would be more.
They've turned off the ventilation system. They're calling him to dinner.
What's with the chewing gum?
Are you kidding? I always wanted to join the French Foreign Legion.
Here. 23rd street subway station. Where we first found the fish. With a little luck, this will lead us right to it.
Your talking about the nuclear testing in the Pacific.
Sure.
So why all the secrecy? Why aren't you guys working with the US military?
How did you get all of this stuff into the country?
Oh, my bags. I've checked them in.
Why do you need that?
Why are you telling this to me?
Are you sure? How do you know?
Oh.
Sounds like a big company.
Oh yeah, the insurance guy.
Do I know you?
Thanks.
