The hemorrhaging... the neural damage is irreparable. I'm frankly surprised he still has use of his motor functions.
Actually, these tests weren't available twenty years ago.
Nine, ten. And you're awake! Open your eyes, dammit!
It's worth a shot. I can arrange a controlled meeting. A careful dose of sedatives for Jason, some security, you and I monitoring. Evan comes in for a quick visit and with any luck, no more missing father complex.
You'd be surprised how often they are.
Plenty. Who knows? Maybe he's got severe coping problems about not having a father. Did you say the last blackout occurred when he was with his friend's dad.
If I had to guess, I'd say the blackouts are stress related.
Unfortunately, we've got nothing to work with. It's harder playing detective now.
Well, the good news is that the results are negative. I've found no evidence in the way of lesions, hemorrhaging, tumors...
It could be extremely useful to jog his memory. See if he remembers anything new the next day. And I'll have the test results back in a few days.
A journal. Just have him write down everything he does.
Look, Andrea, I'm sure he'll test negative for brain disorders. But there's something else you can try to monitor his memory.
Hold it, hold it, Andrea. Let's not jump to conclusions. I'll run some preliminary tests, see what we can rule out.
And you say he doesn't remember any of it?
You remind me of your father. He always screamed for a photo album even though he never had one.
Think Evan. You've invented a disease that doesn't exist. Alternate universes with colleges, prisons, paraplegia...
Books?
Hey, Evan. What's the big rush? We don't meet for another hour.
This is where we're finding most of the hemorrhaging. The outer lining of the cerebral cortex.
It's a little complicated. I haven't seen results exactly like these before.
The car doesn't vanish Evan. The movie in your head has broken, that's all. But now I've re-spliced it and I want you to tell me about the car.
Go on. Nothing can hurt you. Remember, this is only a movie. You're completely safe.
Okay. Then go a little forward in time. What do you see now?
Are you hurting her?
Where are you now?
Now I want you to go back to the time you were in the woods with Lenny. Think of it like a movie. You can pause, rewind, or slow down any details you wish. Understand?
Not in this wing, actually. No.
Hello, Evan. It's very nice to meet you.  He's as handsome as his father.
