That would be nice, too.
That would be nice.
It's a start.
If I'd known you were going to look like this, I never would have put ink in your tea.
Uh... uh... I...
I... uh... that wasn't me, it was Samuel... I mean Nathan...
Oh, right.  Baking powder, we need baking powder.
I know him well enough?
He's my father.
He shouldn't make light.  That Redcoat should not have been killed.
As you did at Fort Wilderness?
I see, do as I say, not as I do.
Go on.
I'm not my mother.  I can't have the respect without the knowing.
That's not enough.  Tell me.
That the French and Cherokees captured the fort and when you retook it, you took revenge on them for what they did during the occupation.
Tell me what everyone doesn't know.
No, I don't.
Father, tell me what happened at Fort Wilderness?
Is it her?  Is Anne in there?
Seven homes along the Black River so far...
Tarleton has a list of our men, most are on it.  A regiment of dragoons is going to the homes on the list, burning them, killing whomever resists, women and children, as well.
I know.
Cheraw Falls.
Sir, I'd like to request a furlough. Two days?
Come with me.  I'll tell you when we get there.
Father, there's something else I need to talk to you about.
She said... she loves you and misses you but she understands why you can't be there with her.
Full sentences.  As if she had been speaking all along.
She got me at a more impressionable age.
She'd say it to me when I picked on Thomas or Nathan.
Or perhaps tomorrow at the expense of our cause.
When was that?  In the swamp at the expense of your men?  Or when he killed Thomas at the expense of your family?
Fourteen dead, eleven wounded, eighteen captured.
We're low on salt.  I should go to Pembroke and get some.
Father?
And the dogs, too, I'll wager.
I didn't see any.
Less than a mile.  Forty-one wagons, a company of Redcoat infantry, horses at the rear.
You know how old I am.
If you're here only for revenge, you're doing a disservice to him as well as yourself.
Yes...  ... father.
Yes, sir.
He tried.  It didn't take.
Yes, sir.  My father taught me.
I've been doing this for two years. I'm the best scout in the Continental Army, the best horseman, the best shot, the best scavenger and I know every deer path and swamp trail between here and Charleston.
Colonel, I didn't request this transfer because you're my father. I requested it because I believe in this cause and this is where I can do the most good.
We'd cover more ground if we split up.
What now, sir?
Father...
I have no choice, I...
I have to get these dispatches to Hillsboro.
Have you seen any Redcoats?
Yes.
When I have children, I hope I don't hide behind them.
Father, I've lost respect for you. I thought you were a man of principle.
He vowed that if the Assembly votes a single shilling to Lee, he'll dissolve the body.
Yes.  He seeks a levy of troops and money.
The British army is barricaded in Boston.  Harry Lee, is here from Virginia, recruiting for a Continental Army.
Poor Richard says they'll make a Declaration of Independence by July.
Rioting both sides of the bay, in Chestertown they burned the Customs House and tar-and-feathered the Customs Agent.  He died of burns. In Wilmington they killed a Royal Magistrate and two Redcoats.
The New York and Rhode Island assemblies have been dissolved...
Father, a post rider came from Charleston.  You have a letter inside.
You don't hate him.
There are some letters here from him.  Some are just to you.
I know he did and he's sorry.  He'll come back as soon as he can.
He wanted to, Susan, but he couldn't leave his men.
