Nonetheless, I would like to know, Mister Marion, how... how... how...
Mister Robinson, I fought with Captain Marion in the French and Indian War, including the Wilderness Campaign.  We served as scouts under Washington and I have no doubts about Captain Marion's courage or competence on a battlefield. There's not a man in this room, or anywhere, for that matter, to whom I would more willingly trust my life.
Thank you.  Were I an orator, those are the exact words I would have spoken.
Please.
Robert.  Robert E. Lee.
Thank you.  Maybe all of this will buy him some peace.
Goodbye, Francis.
No.  It's not over yet.  Two days ride, Yorktown, Virginia. Washington, the French, Cornwallis and Tarleton.  It will end, one way or another.  Francis, nothing will replace your sons but helping us will justify their sacrifice.
They're gone.  And there is nothing you or I can do to bring them back. But there is something you can do to help end all this.
How many men have we seen die?
I'm sorry, I didn't know.
Four thousand infantry and around six hundred cavalry...  ... including the Green Dragoons under Tarleton.
They'd be better off, but the cause wouldn't be.
Not held, just slowed down.
Not me, you.  I'm going north with every Continental regular I can find to reinforce Washington or he won't last six weeks.
The bigger problem is where, not when.  The French fleet won't sail north of the Chesapeake for fear of early storms.
Fall, six months at the earliest.
And Patriots will start dying on the gallows instead of the battlefield.  Unless we can keep Cornwallis in the South until the French arrive.  A treaty was signed at Versailles after our victory at Saratoga.  The French are sending a fleet and ten thousand troops.
We're a breath away from losing this war.  In the North, Washington is reeling from Valley Forge, running and hiding from Clinton and twelve thousand Redcoats.  Here in the South, Cornwallis has broken our back.  He captured over five thousand of our troops when he took Charleston and today he destroyed the only army that stood between him and New York.
I am, I think.
Last anyone saw, riding hard, northeast, his staff a hundred yards behind, trying to catch up.
I begged him to stay in the cover of the trees but he insisted the only way to break Cornwallis was muzzle- to-muzzle.  He spent too many years in the British army.
There's nothing you could have done, Gates is a damned fool.
I'm sorry.
I'll see to it that he serves under me.
I recognize him now.  Is he as imprudent as his father was at his age?
One of yours?
And your principles?
Wars are not fought only by childless men.  A man must weigh his personal responsibilities against his principles.
You said bribery twice...
That's five, keep going...
Name five hundred.
Balderdash!
I was an American, I just didn't know it yet...
That's a damn long time...
A long time ago...
Damn it, Francis!  How in God's name do you expect to gain independence without going to war?
I understood him to be a Patriot as well.
Captain Marion, I understood you to be a Patriot.
