I'd be delighted. Now that you know the way...
But you didn't even taste your cocoa.
I always say if you can't enjoy your own company, you're not fit company for anyone else.
How does a nice cup of cocoa sound?
Well, I just thought--oh, look at me. You'd think I'd never had a house guest before. Would you like something to drink?
I could give you a couple of hundred pages of mine, and you could tell me what you think.
It's right this way.
God told me, since I was his number- one fan, that I should make up new stories as if I was Paul Sheldon. So, went to town. And I bought a typewriter. And paper to type on. The same kind Paul Sheldon used. And I turned the guest bedroom into a writing studio. Would you like to see it?
I know. It's so upsetting. I'm his number-one fan...I've got all his books, every sentence he ever put down. I'm so proud of my Paul Sheldon collection...  ...here I am, prattling on and my manners have just flown away. I haven't invited you in. Please.
What do you want to know?
Guess you can tell from my reaction, I'm not all that used to visitors out here. What can I do for you?
Oh, my!
Did I do good?
Ahh!!!
Oh, Paul, this is so romantic. Ian and Windthorne dueling for the right to Misery's hand. Does Ian win? Oh, don't me. It's Windthorne, right?
Yes, Paul.
I was fooling, silly.  You need a cigarette, because you used to smoke but you quit except when you finish a book, and you just have one, and the match is to light it. And you need one glass of champagne.  Dome Pear-igg-non.
What things?
Oh, Paul. I'm dying. Does she wind up with Ian or Windthorne? You have to tell me.
Paul, this will be our legacy.
It WAS Windthorne. I knew it--what does that do to her love for Ian?--  --of course, if she hadn't thought Windthorne was murdered she never would have fallen in love with Ian in the first place.  Sorry, it's just that this is so wonderful.
This is so exciting. It's Windthorne, her first love, right?
The stranger staying at the Inn, is he someone from Misery's past?
Oh, Paul. It's beautiful.
But the time is now. Soon others will come.
That's disgusting.
I'll drive a sledgehammer into your man-gland if you're not nicer--
Why are you so mean, Mister you'd-be- dead-in-the-snow-if-it-wasn't-for- me?
Don't talk to me like that.
Paul, don't you think it's time for you to start writing again? It's been over a week.
Now don't fuss, Paul.
Paul, my little ceramic penguin in the study always faces due south.
You've been out of your room.
Paul, I know you've been out.
That's very kind of you, but I'll bet it's not altogether true.
The book is almost finished. Your legs are getting better. Soon you'll be able to walk. You'll be wanting to leave.
When you first came here, I only loved the writer part of Paul Sheldon. But now I know I love the rest of him too. As much as Misery loves Ian.  I know you don't love me--don't say you do--you're a beautiful, brilliant, famous man of the world; and I'm...not a movie star type. You'll never know the fear of losing someone like you if you're someone like me.
The rain... sometimes it gives me the blues.
Paul, this is positively the best Misery you've ever written.
Oh, God, what have I done? I'm so sorry, Paul. I ruined your beautiful toast. Will you ever forgive me? Here, let me pour another one.  Can we pretend this never happened? To Misery?
Are you kidding? If anyone ever told me that one day I'd be having a candlelit dinner with Paul Sheldon in my own house, I woulda checked both legs to see which one was being pulled. Will this do?
You really think so?
Oh, you. I just picked things up over the years.
Oh, I don't know. I think so. I'll go look.
To Misery.
A toast?
My secret is I only use fresh tomatoes, never canned. And to give it that little extra zip, I mix in some Spam with the ground beef.
Oh...
I hope you like it.
Oh, Paul. It would be an honor.
I'm going to play my records all day
Misery's alive! Misery's alive. Oh, it's so romantic--this whole house is going to be filled with romance. I'm going to put on my Liberace records--  --you do like Liberace, don't you?
Not even a hint?
Will she still love him with that special perfect love?
Oh, Paul, can I read each chapter when you finish? I can fill in the "n"s.  Will she be her old self, now that Ian has dug her out, or will she have amnesia...?
I've known from the very first book that Misery had to be born of nobility and I was right!
You better. Oh, Paul, when Ian realized that the reason they'd buried Misery alive was because the bee sting had put her in that temporary coma--
What?
You said you can make it so they gotta turn the page. You know, "I 'gotta' know will she live," "I 'gotta' know will he catch the killer." "I gotta see how this chapter ends." You said it. I don't usually buy that magazine. I only got it, 'cause they were interviewing you.
The "gotta." Remember, you talked about it in Playboy magazine. You said there's a million things you can't do in this world; you can't hit a curve ball, you can't fix a leaky faucet or make a marriage work-- but there's one thing you always have, and that's the power of the "gotta."
You can--you have the "gotta"--
Don't be silly. Of course you can.
What's the matter, Paul? You haven't written a word.
But not you. Not with my Misery. Remember, Ian did ride for Dr. Cleary at the end of the last book, but his horse fell jumping that fence and Ian broke his shoulder and his ribs and lay there all night in the ditch so he never reached the doctor, so there couldn't have been any "experimental blood transfusion" that saved her life. Misery was buried in the ground at the end, Paul, so you'll have to start there.
"HE DIDN'T GET OUT OF THE COCKADOODIE CAR!"
I know that, Mister Man--they also call them serials. I'm not stupid, you know.  Anyway, my favorite was Rocket Man, and once it was a no-brakes chapter, the bad guys stuck him in a car on a mountain road and knocked him out and welded the doors shut and tore out the brakes and started him to his death and he woke up and tried to steer and tried to get out, but the car went off a cliff before he could escape and it crashed and burned and--I was so upset and excited and the next week you better believe I was first in line and they always start with the end of the last week and there was Rocket Man trying to get out, and here came the cliff and JUST BEFORE the car went off he jumped free and all the kids cheered--  --but I didn't cheer, I stood right up and started shouting, "This isn't what happened last week--have you all got amnesia?--THEY JUST CHEATED US--THIS WASN'T FAIR--"
That's right--when I was growing up in Bakersfield, my favorite thing in all the world was to go to the movies on Saturday afternoons for the chapter plays...
Paul, what you've written just isn't fair.
Paul, it's not worthy of you. Throw it all out except for the part of naming that gravedigger after me. You can leave that in.
I'm sorry, Paul. This is all wrong, you'll have to do it over again.
Don't be silly. You'll be brilliant. Think of me as your inspiration.
Here, in case you think of any ideas.
It'll only take a second.
Poor dear... Let's get you back in bed and I'll get them for you.
Paul, you're dripping with perspiration, your color is very hectic--what have you been doing?
What's the matter? I'll tell you what's the matter. I go out of my way for you. I do everything to try and make you happy. I feed you, I clean you, I dress you. And what thanks do I get? "You bought the wrong paper, Annie. I can't write on this paper, Annie." Well, I'll get your stupid paper, but you just better start showing me a little more appreciation around here, Mister Man.
Are you sure? 'Cause if you want, I'll bring back the whole store for you.
Thank you for thinking of me.  Anything else I can get while I'm in town? Any other crucial requirements that need satisfying? Would you like a tiny tape recorder? Or maybe a handmade set of writing slippers?
Well, it does smudge after all--isn't that fascinating?
But mine cost the most so I don't see how it could smudge.
You--fooler...!  Did I do good?
And I got a great deal on this fifty- pound clunker--on account of it's missing an "n." I told the saleslady "n" was one of the letters in my favorite writer's name.
Don't worry about that. You'll have total solitude so you can concentrate on your work.
I expect nothing less than your masterpiece.
Yes. It will be a book in my honor. For saving your life and nursing you back to health. I'll be the first one to read it.  Oh, Paul, you're going to make me the envy of the whole world...
I know you didn't mean it when you killed her, and now you'll make it right.
Oh, but Paul!  I don't think, I know! Now that you've gotten rid of that nasty manuscript, you can go back to doing what you're great at--  --you're going to write a new novel-- your greatest achievement ever-- Misery's Return.
That's the big surprise. Your new studio--after all, writers do need a place to work.
Now don't josh. This is a very big day for you, Paul. Here. You just sit tight, and I'll set everything up.
And look what I've got for you. An electric razor so you can shave yourself now.
See, isn't this nice?
Yeah, well, it's a theory. Here's your Novril.  How does tuna casserole sound for dinner?
I do believe the winters are getting shorter and shorter every year. People say it has something to do with the ozone layer. What do you think?
As long as it does exist, your mind won't ever be free. I think you should light the match, Paul.
Oh, Paul. This isn't about money. It's about decency and purity. It's about God's values.
I know this is the only copy, Paul. When you were twenty-four you wrote your first book and you didn't make a copy, because you didn't think anybody would take it seriously. But they did. And ever since you've never made any copies because you're superstitious--it's why you always come back to the Silver Creek Lodge. You told that story to Merv Griffin eleven years ago.
So you've indicated. Do it.
Then light the match, Paul.
I know this may be difficult for you, but it's for the best.
Yes.
Yes.
But this time I thought clearly. I asked God about you and God said "I delivered him unto you so that you may show him the way."
I'll get you everything you want, but you must listen first. Sometimes my thinking is a little muddy, I accept that. It's why I couldn't remember all those things they were asking me on the witness stand in Denver.
You're such a kidder. I have a big surprise for you. But first there's something you must do.
What are you doing on the floor?  It's my fault. If I'd had a proper hospital bed, this never would have happened. Here, let me help you back in.  I know this hurts, but it'll only take a few seconds. There you go. Comfy?
She slipped away? She slipped away? She didn't just slip away. You did it. You did it. You did it. You did it. You murdered my Misery.
Then who did?
I DON'T WANT HER SPIRIT! I want HER! And you MURDERED her!
You...you dirty bird. She can't be dead. Misery Chastain cannot be dead! How could you?
Of course I'll like it. Misery's about to have her child. What's it gonna be, a boy or a girl? Ooh, don't tell me.
I'd love to stay here and chat, but I'm right at the end and I gotta find out what happens.
It boils down to respect. People just don't respect the institution of marriage any more. They have no sense of real commitment.
Don't get me wrong. I'm not against marriage per se. But it would take a pretty special guy to make me want to go down the aisle again.
No problem.
Done?
I just kept reading them over and over. I know when I finish this one-- and I've only got two chapters to go-- I'll just turn right to the front page and start reading it again.
I don't know about you, but what I did to get through it was I dove into work--days, nights--night shifts can be lonely at a hospital. I did a lot of reading. That was hen I first discovered Misery. She made me so happy. She made me forget all my problems.  'Course, I suppose you had a little something to do with that too.
For a while I thought I might go crazy.
Yeah, that and Misery's Child--those are the only two divine things ever in this world...
I'm on page three-hundred now, Paul, and it's better than perfect--it's divine. What's the ceiling that dago painted?
This farm was getting kind of dreary, what with just the few cows and chickens and me--  But when I got Misery here, everything Changed--she just makes me smile so.
Yes. I told you I was your number- one fan.
I thought it was time you two should meet. Paul, say hello to my favorite beast in all the world, my sow, Misery.
Thank you so much.
I knew it. I knew it wasn't true. Boy, how do they get away with printing stuff like that?
I don't mean to pry, but I've read in two magazines now where you were seeing this model who does those disgusting jeans commercials. And I said it can't be true. Paul Sheldon would never waste his time with a trampy woman like that.
No. No, it isn't, it's--  --oh pooh, I can't think of any words. Would "great" be insulting?
I made you my speciality--scrambled eggs a la Wilkes. And I'm on page 75.
Your agent said she would tell her you were okay. But I'm afraid you'll have to wait until tomorrow if you want to speak to her yourself.
...it's like a visit from my oldest, dearest friend.
Well, mine's still out. But the ones in town were working just fine. I called that agent of yours.  Oh, Paul, I peeked at the very beginning.  What a wonderful first page--just to read the name Misery Chastain...
The one to town is, but that's about it. I called the hospital and talked to the head orthopedic surgeon. I told him who you were and what had happened. He said as long as there's no infection, you're not in any danger, and as soon as the road to the hospital is open, they'll send an ambulance for you.
They had it at the store, Paul, there was a whole batch of them there. As soon as I saw it, I slammed my money down. I got the first copy.
Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to wake you.
It has no nobility.
The swearing, Paul.  There, I said it.
Well, it's brilliantly written, but then everything you write is brilliant.
Oh, it's ridiculous, who am I to make a criticism to someone like you?
Nothing.
Oh, like I could do that?
What's it about?
What's your new book called?
You'll never realize what a rare treat you've given me.
If you wouldn't mind.
It shouldn't be too much longer.  Once the roads are open, the lines'll be up in no time. If you give me their numbers, I'll keep trying them for you.  Could I ask you a favor?  I noticed in your case there was a new Paul Sheldon book and...  and I wondered if maybe...
And you're very brilliant, and you must be a good man, or you could never have created such a wondrous, loving creature as Misery Chastain.  Like a baby.  All done.
Lucky for you, I did.  Lucky for me too. Because now you're alive and you can write more books. Oh, Paul, I've read everything of Yours, but the Misery novels...
Don't move now--wouldn't want to hurt this neck--  Well, the other afternoon I was on my way home, and there you were, leaving the Lodge, and I wondered why a literary genius would go for a drive when there was a big storm coming.
Well, it wasn't any secret to me that you were staying at the Silver Creek, seeing as how I'm your number- one fan and all. Some nights I'd just tool on down there, sit outside and look up at the light in your cabin--  and I'd try to imagine what was going on in the room of the world's greatest writer.
No, it wasn't a miracle at all... in a way, I was following you.
Of course you will. And your arm will be fine, too. Your shoulder was dislocated pretty badly, but I finally popped it back in there.  But what I'm most proud of is the work I did on those legs. Considering what I had around the house, I don't think there's a doctor who could have done any better.
Your legs just sing grand opera when you move, don't they?  It's not going to hurt forever, Paul, I promise you.
The  blizzard was too strong. I couldn't risk trying to get you there. I tried calling, but the phone lines are down.
They're called Novril--they're for your pain.
Here.
You've been here two days. You're gonna be okay.  My name is Annie Wilkes and I'm--
Shhh... we're just outside Silver Creek.
