If you don't mind, perhaps I could pay you another visit sometime.
Thanks, Miz Wilkes, but I don't want to take up any more of your time. I best be going.
You got a point there...
Must get lonely, living out here all by yourself.
Sounds good.
Sure.
I'm not much of a critic.
Well...  ...maybe it takes time to get the hang of it.
Sure.
Thank you.
Excuse me, that's not exactly the kind of information I was after. You see, he's been missing for quite some time now, and...
Anything you can tell me might help.
I was just wondering if you happen to know anything about Paul Sheldon.
Sorry, didn't mean to startle you. You didn't give me a chance to knock.
There's that spice again.
I'm not sure. Maybe nothing.
That thing.  Here it is. Right where it's supposed to be.
How many times do I have to tell you-- I have a system here.  Where the hell is that thing?
Just leave it, all right?
"There is a justice higher than that of man--I will be judged by Him."
They're hauling Misery into court.
"There is a justice higher than that of man. I will be judged by Him."
Now, you see, it's that kind of sarcasm that's given our marriage real spice.
Virginia, I'm flattered you think I got that much energy. I just figured if I can't find Paul Sheldon, at least I can find out what he wrote about.
Hey, Jim, what's doing? Uh-huh... uh- huh... Jim, we've been over this. If you're gonna have benches in front of your store, people are gonna sit on them. I don't like him either, but I'm not going to come over there and tell him to move. Give my best to Denise. Bye.
There's two kinds of people that drive around in old cars: the ones that can't afford new ones, and the ones who wouldn't give 'em up for anything in the world. That second bunch don't drive around with twenty- five-year-old dents.
He might well be. But not the way they say. He didn't crawl out of that car by himself. You saw those dents on the door--someone pulled him out.
Just from his agent.
Hope not--if he is, he's dead. Let's go to the newspaper office.
Could be--or a rotten branch or a mountain lion could have landed on it. Could be a lot of things.
Stop--stop right here.
Virginia, when you're in this car, you're not my wife, you're my deputy.
Work, work, work.  Virginia? When was that blizzard?
G'bye, Ms. Sindell.
You think he might be missing?
I don't know. Does he always phone you when he checks out of hotels?
Yeah, I understand he's been up here the last six weeks.
People sure like those Misery books.
He's your client, huh?
Paul Sheldon? You mean Paul Sheldon the writer?
I'm sure you're right.
So do I...
No long-distance phone calls, Federal Express packages--anything at all out of the ordinary?
Maybe you can, Libby.
Oh. That kind. Nothing odd about that.
Newspapers?
Has she been buying any odd things lately?
You wouldn't happen to remember if Miz Wilkes bought one, would you?
Do you have any of those new Paul Sheldon books?
Answer me a couple things?
Hey, Pete.
