Sam, get the body and put it in the van.  Sheriff Cable, where were you the night Teresa Banks was murdered?
Teresa Banks had a ring. Any idea what happened to it?
We're taking the body back to Portland and there's not a thing you can do about it.
We've got our own clock. We'll lock up.
That's why we're here, Sheriff Cable. Where's the body?
Well, little fella, let me put it this way. The operative word here would be "Federal". With or without the semantics of all this, I am now ordering you to release all pertinent information concerning Teresa Banks, both while living and deceased.
Your behavior is not funny and is wasting the time of the Federal Government.
I'm here to investigate the murder of Teresa Banks.
Thanks for your help, Carl. Sorry we woke you up.
Is there a golf course around here?
You weren't kiddin'. This stuff's got the sting of the forty-eight hour blend.
Yes they do. Did she have visitors?
Was there an argument?
Did she have someone with her?
Federal Bureau of Investigation, Special Agent Chet Desmond and Agent Sam Stanley. Sorry to disturb you, but we would like to see Teresa Banks' trailer, please.
I think I'll take off my badge as well.
No you couldn't.
Did you know Teresa Banks?
Can I ask you where you were the night Teresa Banks was murdered?
What are you doing here in the trailer court, Deputy?
Okay, that's it. I've had enough of the waiting room now.
Right, Gordon. We'll be in touch.
Congratulations. I heard about that.
Smell something fishy, huh?
Okay, Gordon!!!
OK, Gordon.
OK, Gordon.
Yes...
Did she ever mention any friends?
Ever see her with someone else?
Any friends?
I'd like to ask you a few questions about Teresa Banks
Sorry to hear it.
Where's Hap?
Thanks.
What do you mean?
Thanks.
He's with me.  Anything you would like to tell us about Teresa Banks that would help us out?
Do you take cocaine, Irene?
Did you ever see Teresa take cocaine?
What happened to her?
Federal Bureau of Investigation, Special Agent Chet Desmond. I'd like to ask you a few questions about Teresa Banks. Jack said you knew her. How well?
Say no more.
How come Jack let's you work here?
Thanks, Sam, for the good work. You have a good eye for detail.
Faulty wiring.
I don't take it, Sam. I give it.
He's not the murderer.  But he's a bozo.
My guess is there isn't enough detail in the photo to get an idea of the design on the ring, but we should do a blowup of this anyway.
Take a look at this.
You better dust this place, Sam.
She must have known someone.
No, Sam, I'm speaking plainly and I mean just exactly what I say.
I think we should see the sun rise at the Canyon Trailer Park.
I think that's a good idea.
It's late, Sam.
We're not. You and I are going to get some food.
What is it?
Accidental?
Oh.
Cole said she was 17.
Sure, but let's finish up with this first.
I don't know, Sam.
That's good.
That's what I heard.
Gordon would not have sent us to Deer Meadow without thinking it was a high priority situation.
He talks loud. And he loves his code.
What? That's just Gordon's bad taste.
Very good, but I can't tell you about that.
Gordon said you were good. The tailored dress is our code for drugs. Did you notice what was pinned to it?
Right, which is probably why Lil was wearing a red wig meaning we are headed into a dangerous situation. Let me ask you something, Stanley, did you notice anything about the dress?
Not Cole's Uncle but probably the sheriff's uncle in federal prison.
Her face had a sour look... that means we're going to have trouble with the local authorities. They are not going to be receptive to the FBI.
Lil was wearing a sour face.
I'll explain it to you. Do you remember Lil's dance?
We're heading into a difficult situation.
Sort of shorthand.
Code. If you work with Gordon you learn that right away.
