No, sir, we did not.
Take a look at this. Chet and I found it under Teresa Banks' ring fingernail.
No one could've found those splinters without a machine like this and no one has a machine like this.
I cracked the Whiteman case with this.
Oh, alright.  You know, I liked Agent Desmond. He had his own M.O.
Agent Chet wouldn't tell me what the Blue Rose meant.
Did Gordon show you a woman named Lil?
Agent Chet said he wanted to check the trailer court one more time. He had me drive the van with the body back here. Which we did. It was 105 miles.
We do notice things, don't we, Agent Desmond? Are you going back to the trailer park for the Blue rose?
Esthetics are subjective, aren't they, Agent Desmond?  I'm Sam Stanley. If you ever need me.
One thing that has been troubling me. That lamp at the diner. Do you think they were working on it for esthetic reasons or was their work due to faulty wiring?
When he says, "Discussion", how do you take that, Agent Desmond?
Yes, he is like a clown.
I couldn't help but notice that you had a suspicion that Deputy Cliff was the murderer. You did think that, didn't you, Agent Desmond?
May I see the magnifying glass, Agent Desmond?  There doesn't seem to be enough detail in the photo to ascertain the design on the ring.
She's wearing a ring.
I'll get my kit.
She lived alone.
In that case, we should go to the Canyon Trailer Park.
Are you speaking to me in a code?
I doubt it was drugs, more likely a problem with a nerve. I could recheck the arm for injuries, but for real nerve work we are going to have to take the body back to Portland.
It's not late, it's early. Really early.
Agent Desmond, it's...
Yes, it's been several hours since we've eaten. I didn't realize that so much time had past, did you, Agent Desmond?
Geez, Agent Desmond, it's three-thirty in the morning. Where are we going to sleep?
It is a piece of paper with the letter "T" imprinted on it. Take a look.
Agent Desmond, would you hold the finger for me. There's something up there.
There appears to be a contusion under the ring finger of her left hand.
Crushed skull. Probable cause repeated blows to the back of the head with an obtuse angled blunt object. Subject looks to be between 16 and 18 years of age.
Maybe, later we could take a look.
Yes, it is good.  What do you think is in these other drawers?
No one could find those splinters without a machine like this. And no one had a machine like this.
Solved the Whiteman Case with this.
It must be a high priority situation.
I see. He does talk loud.
Why couldn't he have just told you all these things?
What did Gordon's tie mean?
A blue rose.
The dress she was wearing had been altered to fit her. I noticed a different colored thread where the dress had been taken in. It wasn't her dress or she must have lost some weight.
So the sheriff had got an Uncle who's committed a serious crime.
Oh, the uncle is missing.
What do you mean?
How do you figure?
Shorthand. Really?
Code, I've heard a lot about this.
That was really something.  That dancing girl.  What did it mean?
