Why not? Tell me, Phoebe, do you want some day to have an award like that of your own?
Phoebe?
And what is your name?
How do you know my name?
We won't disturb her rest. It seems she left her award in the taxicab. Will you give it to her?
Hello, there. Who are you?
Very well. I shall drop you and go on to the party. I have no intention of missing it...
You're being childish.
It's the same thing, isn't it?
Max has gone to a great deal of trouble, it's going to be an elaborate party, and it's for you.
Why not?
You can have one at Max's.
Couldn't go on? You'll give the performance of your life.
Take your nap, now. And good luck for tonight.
And you realize - you agree how completely you belong to me?
Then say so.
I had lunch with Karen not three hours ago. As always with women who want to find out things, she told more than she learned...  ... do you want to change your story about Lloyd beating at your door the other night?
You used my name and my column to blackmail Karen into getting you the part of "Cora" - and you lied to me about it!
I was there, I saw you and heard you through the dressing room door!
She did like you, she helped and trusted you! You paid her back by trying to take Bill away!
Answer my question! Weren't you paid to get out of town?
But the $500 you got to get out of town brought you straight to New York - didn't it?
A matter of opinion. Granted. It is also true that you worked in a brewery. But life in the brewery was apparently not as dull as you pictured it. As a matter of fact, it got less and less dull - until you boss's wife had your boss followed by detectives!
It is true that your parents were poor. They still are. And they would like to know how you are - and where. They haven't heard from you for three years...
Your name is not Eve Harrington. It is Gertrude Slescynski.
You're too short for that gesture. Besides, it went out with Mrs. Fiske.
So does the history of the world for the past twenty years. I don't enjoy putting it as bluntly as this, frankly I had hoped that you would, somehow, have known - have taken it for granted that you and I...
A dull cliche.
Everything. Because after tonight, you will belong to me.
More plainly and more distinctly? I Have not come to New Haven to see the play, discuss your dreams, or to pull the ivy from the walls of Yale! I have come to tell you that you will not marry Lloyd - or anyone else - because I will not permit it.
Very well, plainly and distinctly. Although I consider it unnecessary - because you know as well as I, what I am about to say.  Lloyd may leave Karen, but he will not leave Karen for you.
Not with me, you're no champion. You're stepping way up in class.
- it's important right now that we talk. Killer to killer.
Yes, you did. You still do.
Look closely, Eve, it's time you did. I am Addison deWitt. I'm nobody's fool. Least of all - yours.
It is possible - even conceivable - that you've confused me with that gang of backward children you've been playing tricks on - that you have the same contempt for me that you have for them?
What do you take me for?
There never was, there'll never be another like you.
You sat and talked until it was light...
Was the setting properly romantic - the lights on dimmers, gypsy violins off stage?
I see. And when was this unholy alliance joined?
... and Karen.
- and artistically, the most promising! Eve dear, this is Addison.
Lloyd Richards is commercially the most successful playwright in America-
I know nothing about Lloyd and his loves - I leave those to Louisa May Alcott. But I do know you.
So that's it. Lloyd. Still just the Theater, after all...
What else?
- something about an old road ending and a new one starting - paved with stars...
She's always been so fantastically devoted to Lloyd. I would imagine that only death or destruction could keep her-
We're?
Some plain soda.  Lloyd must be expecting a record run in New Haven...
Also with the reluctant compliments of Max Fabian.
Suites are for expense accounts. Aren't you being extravagant?
Did I say killer? I meant champion. I get my boxing terms mixed.
The mark of a true killer.  Sleep tight, rest easy - and come out fighting...
You could sleep, too, couldn't you?
Almost four.
Paved with what, then?
All paved with diamonds and gold?
Frankly - yes.
Are you that sure of tomorrow?
And tomorrow morning you will have won your beachhead on the shores of Immortality...
D-day.
I hope you mean what you say, Eve. I intend to hold you to it.
It wasn't meant to be.
Do you know, Eve - sometimes I think you keep things from me.
Just like that, eh?
She mentioned, of course, that Margo expects to play the part?
Heart to heart? Woman to woman? Including a casual reference to the part of "Cora" - and your hopes of playing it.
I'm not surprised. After all that humble pie...
Hungry?
I believe I will.
I can wait. Where would you like to go? We'll make this a special night...
Eddie what?
A fine old theater, the Shubert. Full of tradition, untouched by the earthquake - so sorry - fire... by the way, what was your husband's name?
And that memorable night when Margo first dazzled you from the stage - which theater was it in San Francisco? Was it - the Shubert?
San Francisco. An oasis of civilization in the California desert. Tell me, do you share my high opinion of San Francisco?
- perhaps more than one. There's so much I want to know. I've heard your story in bits and pieces... your home in Wisconsin, your tragic marriage, your financial attachment to Margo - it started in San Francisco, didn't it?  I say - your idolatry of Margo started in San Francisco, didn't it?
Let's have a minimum of pretending. I'll want to do a column about you-
After you change, if you're not busy elsewhere, we can have supper.
I am somebody.
It needn't be.
We all come into this world with our little egos equipped with individual horns. If we don't blow them - who will?
I think the time has come for you to shed some of your humility. It is just as false not to blow your horn at all as it is to blow it too loudly...
A revolutionary approach to the Theater. However, if I may a suggestion...
You're more than modest.
Of course your performance was no surprise to me. After the other day I regarded it as no more than - a promised fulfilled.
I expected to find this little room overcrowded, with a theater full of people at your feet...
May I come in?
That's all television is, my dear. Nothing but auditions.
You next move, it seems to me, should be toward television.
Feeling better, my dear?
Because that is what they are. Go make him happy.
Claudia dear, come closer.  This is Max Fabian. He is a producer. Go do yourself some good.
This must be, at long last, our formal introduction. Until now we have met only in passing...
Miss Caswell is an actress. A graduate of Copacabana School of Dramatic Arts.  Ah... Eve.
You have me confused with Dan Dailey. You go sit by the piano.  And you come sit by me.  Good night.
You have a point. An idiotic one, but a point.
That isn't a waiter, my dear. That's a butler.
Every now and then, some elder statesman of the Theater or cinema assures the public that actors and actresses are just plain folk. Ignoring the fact that their greatest attraction to the public is their complete lack of resemblance to normal human beings.
As soon as the peasants stop pawing her.
And too many of them are produced.
We all have abnormality in common. We are a breed apart from the rest of the humanity, we Theater folk. We are the original displaced personalities...
What makes a man walk into a lion cage with nothing but a chair?
It is senseless to insist that theatrical folk in New York, Hollywood and London are no different from the good people of Des Moines, Chillicothe and Liverpool. By and large, we are concentrated gatherings of neurotics, egomaniacs, emotional misfits, and precocious children-
She may be later than you think...
Margo? Lunching in public?
From the smartness of your dress, I take it your luncheon companion is a lady?
A happy coincidence.
I was there. An eyewitness.
She was magnificent.
Hear, hear...
To the best of my recollection, neither your name nor your performance entered the conversation.
Eve was incredibly modest. She insisted that no credit was due her, that Lloyd felt as he did only because she read lines exactly as he had written them.
Bill didn't say - but Lloyd was beside himself. He listened to his play as if someone else had written it, he said, it sounded so fresh, so new, so full of meaning...
In time she'll be what you are.
It wasn't reading, it was a performance. Brilliant, vivid, something made of music and fire...
Margo, as you know, i have lived in the Theater as a Trappist monk lives in his faith. I have no other world, no other life - and once in a great while I experience that moment of Revelation for which all true believers wait and pray. You were one. Jeanne Eagels another... Paula Wessely... Hayes - there are others, three or four. Eve Harrington will be among them...
Completely. Nor, I am sure, could anyone else present tell you how Miss Caswell read or whether Miss Caswell read or rode a pogo stick.
Frankly, I don't remember.
It just slipped your mind.
Didn't you know?
I refer to your new and unpregnant understudy. Eve Harrington.
Naturally enough, your understudy.
The audition was called for 2:30. It is now nearly four.
Miss Caswell got lucky too late. The audition is over.
Being violently ill to her tummy.
Miss Caswell, at the moment, is where I can lend no support - moral or otherwise.
You mustn't worry about your little charge. She is in safe hands.
We have that in common.
It could only have been your natural timidity that kept you from mentioning it...
Dear Margo. You were an unforgettable Peter Pan - you must play it again, soon. You remember Miss Caswell?
