Nothing?
Tomorrow we meet at City Hall at ten-  - and you're going to be on time.
Maybe just a little around the edges.
Macbeth.
Geniuses don't need good luck.  I do.
That's nice.
Where?
Huh?
The air lines have clocks, even if you haven't! I start shooting a week from Monday - Zanuck is impatient, he wants me, he needs me!
Often enough to keep the franchise.
With the paper to prove it.
A cowboy.
Yes, dear.
Never try to outguess Margo.
You've got it backwards. Even for Wilkes-Barre.
What would you like? Texas?
I understand she is now the understudy in there.
The point is - in the cathedral, a ball park or a penny arcade - we want to have you two beside us our nearest and dearest friends.
It's only for the license. There's a three-day wait - blood tests, things like that...
To Margo. To my bride-to-be.
You were great.
But you may quote me as follows. Quote. Tonight Miss Margo Channing gave a performance in your cockamamie play, the like of which I have never seen before and expect rarely to see again. Unquote.
The so-called art of acting is not one for which I have a particularly high regard...
That suddenly makes the whole thing believable.
I think you do know but you won't or can't tell me.  I said before it was going to be my last try, and I meant it. I can't think of anything else to do. I wish I could.  We usually wind up screaming and throwing things as the curtain comes down. Then it comes up again and everything's fine. But not this time.  You know there isn't a playwright in the world who could make me believe this would happen between two adult people. Goodbye, Margo.
You've had so many reasons for not wanting to marry me... Margo, tell me what's behind all this.
Then what would be enough?  If we were married?
But if I tell you it is - as I just did. Were you listening to me?  Isn't that enough?
Just being happy? Just stopping all this nonsense about Eve - and Eve and me?
Margo, let's make peace.
Come on, get up. I'll buy you a drink.
I'll say.
I've been aware of that for some time.
It's time you found out. I love you.  I love you. You're a beautiful and intelligent woman-  - a beautiful and intelligent woman and a great actress-  - at the peak of her career. You have every reason for happiness-  - every reason, but due to some strange, uncontrollable, unconscious drive you permit the slightest action of a kid-  - kid like Eve to turn you into a hysterical, screaming harpy! Now once and for all, stop it!
No, I'll tell it to you! For the last time, I'll tell it to you. Because you've got to stop hurting yourself, and me, and the two of us by these paranoiac tantrums!
I didn't know Eve Harrington was your understudy until half past two this afternoon!
I am sick and tired of these paranoiac outbursts!
You've been all through that with Lloyd-
Now don't get carried away-
Here we go...
I'm trying terribly hard.
Don't calm down.
The gong rang. The fight's over. Calm down.
What a body, what a voice.
Okay. Mix.
Don't mix your metaphors.
I wouldn't be surprised. Sometimes you frighten me.
Gone.
Who?
Addison-!
What fire and music?
The audition.
It's all over.
No heart to burn.
Then without feeling, your guests were also wondering whether the music couldn't be a shade more on the - shall we say, happier side?
Wouldn't you feel more natural taking a bow?
Many of your guests have been wondering when they may be permitted to view the body. Where has it been laid out?
I can always get a fresh one. Karen - you're a Gibson girl...
Nothing, really...
She hasn't cut them yet, and you know it! So when you start judging an idealistic dreamy-eyed kid by the barroom, Benzedrine standards of this megalomaniac society - I won't have it! Eve Harrington has never by word, look, thought or suggestion indicated anything to me but her adoration for you and her happiness at our being in love! And to intimate anything else doesn't spell jealousy to me - it spells a paranoic insecurity that you should be ashamed of!
Mad! Darling, there are certain characteristics for which you are famous - on stage and off. I love you for some of them - and in spite of others. I haven't let those become too important to me. They're part of your equipment for getting along in what is laughably called out environment - you've got to keep your teeth sharp. All right. But you will not sharpen them on me - or on Eve...
This is my cue to take you in my arms and reassure you - but I'm not going to. I'm too mad-
For instance what?
Now how can you take offense at a kid trying in every way to be as much like her ideal as possible!
Thirty minutes, forty minutes! What of it?
Of course it's funny - this is all too laughable to be anything else. You know what I think about this - this age obsession of yours - and now this ridiculous attempt to whip yourself up into a jealous froth because I spent ten minutes with a stage-struck kid-
I've always denied the legend that you were in 'Our American Cousin' the night Lincoln was shot...
I can't believe you're making this up - it sounds like something out of an old Clyde Fitch play...
So she seems.
It's a pretty rare quality these days.
Well, we started talking, she wanted to know all about Hollywood, she seemed so interested...
I ran into Eve on my way upstairs; she told me you were dressing.
When I'm guest of honor?
Looks like I'm going to have a very fancy party...
You've heard it. About when I looked through the wrong end of a camera finder.
Need any help?
Cut it out.
It's a good thought.
Outside of a beehive, Margo, your behavior would hardly be considered either queenly or motherly!
See you...
What?
I love you...
How is Eve? Okay?
She hasn't missed a week since I left - but you know all that, you probably tell her what to write... anyway, I sent her a list of people to ask - check with her.
It's no secret, I know all about the party - Eve wrote me...
I get a party, don't I?
The reading could have been better, but you said it - now "many happy returns of the day..."
And who remembered it? Who was there on the dot, at twelve midnight...?
Sure! Like the Western Union boys used to do...
Kid stuff or not, it doesn't happen every day, I want to heat it - and if you won't say it, you can sing it...
Wait a minute! You can't hang up, you haven't even said it-
You in a hurry?
I leave in a week - the picture's all wrapped up, we previewed last night... those previews. Like opening out of town, but terrifying. There's nothing you can do, you're trapped, you're in a tin can-
Then you're crazy.
You're my girl, aren't you?
What a thoughtful, ever-lovin' thing to do-
Knit me a muffler.
As of this moment you're six years old...
And cut that out right now.
How childish are you going to get before you quit it?
Everybody can't be Gregory Peck.
I'll try.
Huh?
I understand they've got the Indians pretty well in hand...
I told her. I sounded off.
The lack of pretense, that sort of strange directness and understanding-
She's quite a girl, that what's-her name...
Like a nylon lemon peel-
Real diamonds in a wig. The world we live in...
Hi.  My wonderful junk yard. The mystery and dreams you find in a junk yard-
Only in some ways. You're prettier...
Is it sabotage, does my career mean nothing to you? Have you no human consideration?
Forty-five minutes from now my plane takes off and how do I find you? Not ready yet, looking like a junk yard-
Only thing, what I go after, I want to go after. I don't want it to come after me.
I'm only human, rumors to the contrary. And I'm as curious as the next man...
I'm in love with Margo. Hadn't you heard?
You're quite a girl.
Your make-up's a little heavy.
When I told you what every young actress should know.
I'm for it.
From what would I be running?
The names I've been called. But never Svengali.  Good luck.
What have I got to do with it?
I'm talking about you. And what you want.
- after all, the other day was one scene, the woods are full of one scene sensations. But you did it. With work and patience, you'll be a fine actress. If that's what you want to be.
I'll admit I was worried when Max called. I had my doubts.
- little things here and there, it doesn't matter. You can be proud of yourself, you've got a right to be.
It means concentration of ambition, desire, and sacrifice such as no other profession demands... And I'll agree that the man or woman who accepts those terms can't be ordinary, can't be - just someone. To give so much for almost always so little...
Thanks for your help... good luck.
I think we'd like very much. Sure you won't mind?
Ah...
You didn't have to tell me.
Also Addison deWitt.
Yeah. They keep you under drugs out there with armed guards...
It's only one picture deal.
And I shot my mouth off. Nothing personal, junior, no offense...  ... it's just that there's so much bushwah in this Ivory Green Room they call the Theatuh - sometimes it gets up around my chin...
The Theatuh, the Theatuh-  - what book of rules says the Theater exists only within some ugly buildings crowded into one square mile of New York City? Or London, Paris or Vienna?  Listen, junior. And learn. Want to know what the Theater is? A flea circus. Also opera. Also rodeos, carnivals, ballets, Indian tribal dances, Punch and Judy, a one-man band - all Theater. Wherever there's magic and make-believe and an audience - there's Theater. Donald Duck, Ibsen, and The Lone Ranger, Sarah Bernhardt, Poodles Hanneford, Lunt and Fontanne, Betty Grable, Rex and Wild, and Eleanora Duse. You don't understand them all, you don't like them all, why should you? The Theater's for everybody - you included, but not exclusively - so don't approve or disapprove. It may not be your Theater, but it's Theater of somebody, somewhere.
Eighty percent of it will go for taxes.
I don't have to. I want to.
Why what?
Just wondered what?
Why?
I told you a lie. We'll make it easily. Margo's got no more conception of time than a halibut.
Hello, what's your name?
