I'm tired. I want to go home.
Exactly.  Here. Take it to the party instead of me.
No, it's not.  It's for this.
Because I don't want to.
I don't think I'm going.
I don't suppose there's a drink left...
I won't play tonight.  I couldn't. Not possibly. I couldn't go on...
Yes, Addison.
Yes, Addison.
No-no-no...
That's not true!
I had to get in, to meet Margo! I had to say something, be somebody, make her like me!
She was a liar, she was a liar!
She never proved anything, not a thing!
What of it?
What of it?
Then if you won't get out, I'll have you thrown out.
... taken it for granted? That you and I...
Belong - to you? That sound medieval - something out of an old melodrama...
I can't believe my ears...
What have you got to do with it?
What do you mean by that?
Addison, will you please say what you have to say plainly and distinctly - and then get out so I can take my nap!
Champion to champion.
I still don't know what you're getting at. Right now I want to take my nap. It's important that I-
I never intended you to be.
I'm sure you mean something by that, Addison, but I don't know what...
I don't know what I take you for anything...
Well, say something - anything! Congratulations, skol - good work, Eve!
We sat and talked, Addison. I want a run of the play contract.
The setting wasn't romantic, but Lloyd was. He woke me up at three in the morning, banging on my door - he couldn't sleep, he told me - he's left Karen, he couldn't go on with the play or anything else until I promised to marry him... we sat and talked until it was light. He never went home...
We decided the night before last, before we came up here...
She doesn't know.
Addison, won't it be just perfect? Lloyd and I - there's no telling how far we can go... he'll write great plays for me, I'll make them be great!  You're the only one I've told, the only one that knows except Lloyd and me...
You have no right to say such things!
I'm in love with Lloyd!
It's nothing of the kind! Lloyd loves me, I love him!
I didn't mean just the Theater.
Addison, just a few minutes ago. When I told you this would be a night to remember - that it would bring me everything I wanted-
Addison...
Lloyd and I.
That's for tonight. You're invited. We're having everyone up after the performance.
Lloyd. I never have any, and he likes a couple of drinks after we finish - so he sent it up...
Max is paying for it. He and Lloyd had a terrific row but Lloyd insisted... well. Can I fix you a drink?
Why'd call me a killer?
Why not?
Plenty of time for a nice long nap - we rehearsed most of last night...
What time?
Stars.
You know me better than that.
It'll be a night to remember. It'll bring to me everything I've ever wanted. The end of an old road - and the beginning of a new one...
Aren't you?
Stop rehearsing your column... Isn't it strange, Addison? I thought I'd be panic-stricken, want to run away or something. Instead, I can't wait for tonight to come. To come and go...
Just like it.
What a day - what a heavenly day...
I confide in you and rely on you more than anyone I've ever known! To say a thing like that now - without any reason - when I need you more than ever...
I don't think that's funny.
Just like that.
Oddly enough - she didn't say a word about Margo. Just that she'll be happy to do what she can to see that I play the part.
I discussed it very openly. I told her that I had spoken to Lloyd - and that he was interested.
Nothing of the kind. Karen and I had a nice talk.
Just some coffee.
You take charge.
I'm about to go into the shower, I won't be able to hear you...
Eddie...
Yes. The Shubert.
Yes. I do.
That's right.
I'm not enough for a paragraph.
I'd love to! Or should I pretend I'm busy?
Even if I wanted to - as you say - be less humble, blow my own horn... how would I do it? I'm less than nobody.
Even so. One isolated pretty good performance by an understudy. It'll be forgotten tomorrow.
I don't think I've done anything to sound off about.
Please do.
It's not modesty. I just don't try to kid myself.
You're more than kind. But it's still Miss Channing's performance. I'm just a carbon copy you read when you can't find the original...
I consider myself lucky they didn't throw things.
Certainly, Mr. deWitt...
Find out.
You hear all kinds of things.
You think?
- and for you.
When you told me that whatever I became, it would be because of you-
Then face it. I have. Since that first night - here - in the dressing room.
You're always after truth - on the stage. What about off?
Don't run away, Bill.
Everything.
So am I.
Is that what you want me to be?
You shouldn't have had any doubts.
Are you proud of me, Bill?
Yes. Yes, it does.
Goodbye, Mr. Sampson.
Of course not.
I have a suggestion.  There's really not much time left - I mean, you haven't had a minute alone yet, and - well, I could take care of everything here and meet you at the gate with the ticket... if you'd like.
Every day.
I read George Jean Nathan every week.
So few come back...
But Hollywood. You mustn't stay there.
I just asked a simple question.
Then why? Why, if you're the best and most successful young director in the Theater-
Is it the money?
Why you have to go out there.
Why.
I just wondered.
You said forty-seven minutes. You'll never make it.
Eve. Eve Harrington.
That's the door.
It's after one now. You won't get home till all hours.
How long does it take?
How'd you get all the way up here from Brooklyn?
Don't bother.
The maid'll fix it in the morning.
I might.
Erasmus Hall. That's in Brooklyn, isn't it?
I've heard of them.
What report? To whom?
Probably not.
What for?
You were just looking around...
How did you get in here?
What are you doing here?
Who are you?
Thank you, Karen.
But not all of it - not that Lloyd and I are going to be married.
I'd do much more - for a part that good.
That won't be necessary. Addison knows how Margo happen to miss that performance - how I happened to know she'd miss it in time to call him and notify every paper in town...  ... it's quite a story. Addison could make quite a thing of it - imagine how snide and vicious he could get and still write nothing but the truth. I had a time persuading him...  ... you'd better sit down. You look a bit wobbly.  If I play "Cora," Addison will never tell what happened - in or out of print. A simple exchange of favors. And I'm so happy I can do something for you - at long last...  Your friendship with Margo - your deep, close friendship - what would happen to it, do you think, if she knew the chap trick you'd played on her - for my benefit? And you and Lloyd - how long, even in the Theater, before people forgot what happened - and trusted you again?  No... it would be so much easier on everyone concerned, if I were to play "Cora." And so much better theater, too...
Addison wants me to play it.
"Cora" is my part. You've got to tell Lloyd it's for me.
It could have been - fifteen years ago. It's my part now.
If you told him so, he'd give me the part. He said he would.
Something most important you can do.
I wish I could believe that.
I'll never get over it.
I wish I'd never met him, I'd like him to be dead... I want my friends back.
He's not my friend. You were my friends...
- an understudy's performance.
Some vague promises of a test, that's all - if a particular part should come along, one of those things-
I'm not crying.
You've really got a low opinion of me, haven't you? We'll I'll give you some pleasant news. I've been told off in no uncertain terms all over town. Miss Channing should be happy to hear that. To know how loyal her friends are - how much more loyal they are than she had a right to expect me to be...
No! I don't expect you to believe anything. Except that the responsibility is mine. And the disgrace.
In a way. You find yourself trying to say what you mean, but somehow the words change - and they become his words - and suddenly you're not saying what you mean, but what he means-
You know, I've always considered myself a very clever girl. Smart. Good head on my shoulders, that sort of thing, never the wrong word at the wrong time... but then, I'd never met Addison deWitt.  I remember once I had a tooth pulled. They gave me some anaesthetic - I don't remember the name - and it affected me in a strange way. I heard myself saying things I wasn't even thinking... as if my mind were someplace outside of my body, and couldn't control what I did or said-
Why shouldn't you?  Please sit down.
Oh, but there is-
I've got a lot to say. And none of it is easy.
Can't we sit down? Just for a minute...
I don't expect you to be pleasant.
I was wondering whether you'd come at all..
Nothing definite yet - it's just to have lunch.
We're having lunch with a movie talent scout.
Mostly relief that I managed to stagger through it at all...
Please...
May I have your coat?
Karen...  ... you won't forget, will you? What we talked about before?
Well - if she's got to pick on someone, I'd just as soon it was me.
If I thought I'd offended her, of all people-
But there must be some reason, something I've done without knowing...
I seem to be forever thanking you for something, don't I?
You won't forget it?
Then - would you talk to Mr. Fabian about it?
But Mr. Richards and Mr. Sampson-
Do you think Miss Channing would approve?
The show must go on.
I don't let myself think about it, even-  - but I do know the part so well, and every bit of the staging, there'd be no need to break in a new girl-  - but suppose I had to go on one night? To an audience that came to see Margo Channing. No, I couldn't possibly...
Well... Miss Channing's affairs are in such good shape... there isn't enough to keep me as busy as I should be, really - not that I've ever considered anything that would take me away from her... but the other day - when I heard Mr. Fabian tell Miss Channing that her understudy was going to have a baby, and they'd have to replace her...
Karen...  ... isn't it awful, I'm about to ask you for another favor - after all you've already done.
Mrs. Richards.
There should be a new word for happiness. Being here with Miss Channing has been - I just can't say, she's been so wonderful, done so much for me-
Hollywood.
Some Hollywood movie star, her plane got in late.
I'd like that.
I'll be at the old stand, tomorrow matinee-
I think I'd better. It's been - well, I can hardly find the words to say how it's been...
It couldn't possibly interest you.
Well...
If I only knew how...
Hello, Miss Channing.
I thought you'd forgotten about me.
Eve. Eve Harrington.
But if I'd known... maybe some other time... I mean, looking like this.
No, I'd be imposing on her, I'd be just another tongue-tied gushing fan...
Oh, no...
Standing room doesn't cost much. I manage.
Oh, no. I see the play.
He's the best.
You're Margo Channing's best friend. You and your husband are always with her - and Mr. Sampson... what's he like?
I've seen you so often - it took every bit of courage I could raise-
I hope you don't mind my speaking to you...
Why should you think I wouldn't be?
I was dreadful, Miss Channing, believe me - I have no right to be anyone's understudy, much less yours...
I hope so, Mr. Richards. Good night...
Farmers were poor in those days, that's what dad was - a farmer. I had to help out. So I quit school and I went to Milwaukee. I became a secretary. In a brewery.  When you're a secretary in a brewery - it's pretty hard to make believe you're anything else. Everything is beer. It wasn't much fun, but it helped at home -  and there was a Little Theater Group... like a drop of rain in the desert. That's where I met Eddie. He was a radio technician. We played 'Liliom' for three performances, I was awful - then the war came, and we got married. Eddie was in the air force - and they sent him to the South Pacific. You were with the O.W.I., weren't you Mr. Richards?  That's what 'Who's Who' says... well, with Eddie gone, my life went back to beer. Except for a letter a week. One week Eddie wrote he had a leave coming up. I'd saved my money and vacation time. I went to San Francisco to meet him.  Eddie wasn't there. They forwarded the telegram from Milwaukee - the one that came from Washington to say that Eddie wasn't coming at all. That Eddie was dead...  ... so I figured I'd stay in San Francisco. i was alone, but couldn't go back without Eddie. I found a job. And his insurance helped... and there were theaters in San Francisco. And one night Margo Channing came to play in 'Remembrance'... and I went to see it. And - well - here I am...
I guess it started back home. Wisconsin, that is. There was just mum, and dad - and me. I was the only child, and I made believe a lot when I was a kid - I acted out all sorts of things... what they were isn't important. But somehow acting and make-believe began to fill up my life more and more, it got so that I couldn't tell the real from the unreal except that the unreal seemed more real to me... I'm talking a lot of gibberish, aren't I?
Well... it started with the play before this one...
There was an item in the Times. i like the title. 'Footsteps on the Ceiling'.
I'd like anything Miss Channing played...
No, thank you.  Yes. I've seen every performance.
How do you do, Mr. Richards.
... and if you'd come in the middle, I'd have stopped, I couldn't have gone on-
Well, if you'd been here to begin with, I wouldn't have dared to read at all...
Miss Channing, I can't tell you how glad I am that you arrived so late.
Hello, Miss Channing.
Good evening, Mr. deWitt.
The hors d'oeuvres are here. Is there anything else I can do?
Of course.
I'd like to hear it.
If you'd like.
I'm sorry, I didn't mean to-
Mr. Sampson's birthday. I certainly wouldn't forget that. You'd never forgive me.  As a matter of fact, I sent him a telegram myself...
Well, I was sure you'd want to, of course, being his birthday, and you've been so busy these past few days, and last night I meant to tell you before you went out with the Richards - and I guess I was asleep when you got home...
Oh, golly. And I forgot to tell you-
That's my job.  See you at tea time...
Right here.
I've got it.
Oh, come now, as though you were an old lady... I'm on my way. Is there anything more you've thought of-?
I can imagine... you know, all it needed was some taking in here and letting out there - are you sure you won't want it yourself?
Well - what do you think of my elegant new suit?
No trouble at all.
While you're cleaning up, I'll take this to the wardrobe mistress-
The curtains. I made them myself.
You haven't noticed my latest bit of interior decorating...
During your second act scene with your father, Roger Ferraday's supposed to stay way upstage at the arch. He's been coming closer down every night...
I mean the performance. Except for you, you'd think he'd never even directed it - it's disgraceful the way they change everything around...
I must say you can certainly tell Mr. Sampson's been gone a month.
I could watch you play that last scene a thousand times and cry every time-
Well - if I'm not in the way...
The four of you must have so much to say to each other - with Mr. Sampson leaving...
San Francisco. It was the last week. I went one night... the most important night in my life - until this one. Anyway... I found myself going the next night - and the next and the next. Every performance. Then, when the show went East - I went East.
Not with you in them. Not by Mr. Richards...
Well. If I didn't come to see the play, I wouldn't have anywhere else to go.
Please, don't misunderstand me, Mr. Richards. I think that part of Miss Channing's greatness lies in her ability to choose the best plays... your new play is for Miss Channing, isn't it, Mr. Richards?
