It's new Margo. But she's just as late as the old one.
Margo.
You were there? At the play - last night?
Then you've heard too.
Then stop being a star - start treating your guests as your supporting cast!
Everything... everything's so funny...
When? When are you going to do it?
I guess at this point I'm what the French call 'de trop'...
We know you, we've seen you before like this. Is it over - or just beginning?
Good luck, genius...
Right here. A minute ago.
You've already met.
This is Eve Harrington.
Bill!
Bill-
Bill...
Bill says actors out there eat just as infrequently as here-
What did you expect - live sables?
But she just got here...
Margo does not play a lunatic, Birdie.
No thanks, Birdie.
Congratulations, Eve.
She knows enough not to be here.
A part in a play. You'd do all that - just for a part in a play.
Over my dead body...
I don't think anything in the world could make me say that.
You talk just as Addison said you did.
After all you've said... don't you know the part was written for Margo?
You want to play "Cora." You want me to tell Lloyd I think you should play it.
I think I know...
Give yourself time. Don't worry too much about what people think, you're very young and very talented...  ... and, believe it or not, if there's anything I can do-
Yes, you will. You Theater people always do. Nothing is forever in the Theater. Love or hate, success or failure - whatever it is, it's here, it flares up and burns hot - and then it's gone.
Eve. I - I don't think you meant to cause unhappiness. But you did. More to yourself, perhaps - as it turned out - than to anyone else...
He can help you.
Well. I think you're painting the picture a little darker than it is, really. If nothing else - and don't underestimate him - you have a powerful friend in Addison.
But the raves about your performance-
Tell me. How did your lunch turn out - with the man from Hollywood?
Eve... don't cry.
Let's not get over-dramatic.
Do you expect me to believe that you didn't say any of those things - that they were all Addison?
- and you felt just like that talking to Addison.
- and easy or not, I won't believe a word.
There can't be very much-
I don't intend to be.
Don't get up.  And don't act as if I were the queen mother.
They certainly don't waste much time.
Eve. I've heard the most wonderful things about your performance-
Don't bother, I can take it up myself...
No, Eve, I won't forget...
Eve. I'm fond of Margo too. But I know Margo. And every now and then there is nothing I want to do so much as to kick her right square in the pants.
The reason is Margo and don't try to figure it out. Einstein couldn't.
You mustn't mind Margo too much, even if I do...
I won't forget.
Of course.
They'll do as they're told.
I think she would cheer.
No, dear. Margo must go on.  As a matter of fact, I see no reason why you shouldn't be Margo's understudy...
Don't worry too much about that. Margo just doesn't miss performances. If she can walk, crawl or roll - she plays.
... you want to be Margo's new understudy.
Nobody's done so much, Eve, you've got to stop thinking of yourself as one of the Hundred Neediest Cases... what is it?
Karen.
Lloyd says Margo compensates for underplaying on the stage by overplaying reality...  ... next to that sable, my new mink seems like an old bedjacket...  ... you've done your share, Eve. You've worked wonders with Margo...
Tell me, Eve - how are things with you? Happy?
Discouraging, isn't it? Women with furs like that where it never gets cold...
Now who's show up at this hour? It's time people went home - hold that coat up...  ... whose is it?
Not just that way. As a friend...
Good night, Eve. I hope I see you again soon-
You're not going, are you?
Eve... why don't you start at the beginning?
Try...
My husband...
Not at all.  Margo, this is Eve Harrington.
You look just fine...  ... by the way. What's your name?
There isn't another like you, there couldn't be-
She's got to meet you-
I'm going to take you to Margo...
You see the play? You've seen the play every performance?  But, don't you find it - I mean apart from everything else - don't you find it expensive?
He'll agree with you. Tell me, what do you between the time Margo goes in and comes out? Just huddle in that doorway and wait?
Bill Sampson? He's - he's a director.
To speak to just a playwright's wife? I'm the lowest form of celebrity...
Not at all.
Why should you be? After all, six nights a week - for weeks - of watching even Margo Channing enter and leave a theater-
So there you are. It seemed odd, suddenly, your not being there...
I remember.
Check.
With tears.
Well... all right.
Lloyd says it's a publicity release...
I can't believe Eve said those things!
I just can't believe it.
This. I can't tell you how sorry I am!
Margo.  Margo, I want you to know how sorry I am about this...
Well...
Silly, isn't it? You'd think they'd fix it so people could just sit in a car and keep warm...
Not to you. Not to Bill.
Margo. Bill is all of eight years younger than you.
Why should he - and why should you?
He's in love with you.
What about Bill?
You're Margo. Just - Margo.
We're never deeply angry, we just get sore. The way you do. We know you too well...
We've all seemed a little tense lately...
It doesn't matter.
I just never think of Lloyd as anywhere but indoors and anything but sitting down.
He always looks so pathetic whenever he does anything physical-
None in sight, there aren't many along this back road...
Three or four miles...
Roughly ten minutes.
Of all people you should know what it means to want some peace and quiet-
Margo, nothing you've ever done has made me as happy as your taking Eve in...
Margo, really...
I was telling Margo and Lloyd about how often you'd seen the play...
Harrington.
She's just outside the door.
Well... there's one indoors now. I've brought her back to see you.
They're your fans, your audience-
Yes, it is! You're talented, famous, wealthy - people waiting around night after night just to see you, even in the wind and rain...
It's just that you get me so mad sometimes... of all the women in the world with nothing to complain about-
I find these wisecracks increasingly less funny! 'Aged in Wood' happens to be a fine and distinguished play-
Hi.  Hello, darling-
Then tell me this isn't true! That your concern for your play and career is one thing - and that poor frightened hysterical girl another - and that your concern for her has nothing to do with either your play or your career!
Have you forgotten about Eve? What she is, what she's done?
I'm a human being, I've got some!
Did Miss Harrington tell you to call Mr. Richards?
Nothing...
Not much.
Nothing much. She apologized.
I have no possible interest in anything she'd have to say.
What are you going to wear?
Margo!
Such as?
They'd die without each other.
Margo in the Cub Room. I couldn't be more surprised if she'd said Grant's Tomb.
The cynicism you refer to, I acquired the day I discovered I was different from little boys!
On her knees, I have no doubt! Very touching, very Academy-of-Dramatic Arts!
It strikes me that Eve's disloyalty and ingratitude must be contagious!
Margo Channing has not been exactly a compromise all these years, half the playwrights in the world would give their shirts for that particular compromise!
Lloyd Richards, you are not to consider giving that contemptible little worm the part of "Cora."
With gestures, of course.
Eve would ask Abbott to give her Costello.
Now you're quoting Addison. Or Eve.
Maybe get some younger actress for the part? Someone who'd look the part as well as play it?
I'm beginning to catch up.
I'm trying hard to follow you.
That's quite a change of subject.
I wonder why.
That was a pity...
Eve?
Where'd you get all that information?
Don't joke about such things.
You'll break your neck on that ice.
I guess I didn't look. You know I don't pay attention to those things...
Lloyd, be careful...
I just don't want Margo to miss her train. As it is, she'll barely make the theater...
What time is it?
We're driving out to the country tomorrow night. Just the four of us. Bill, Margo, you and I...
It's going to be a cozy weekend.
Margo hasn't done badly by it.
- don't run out of adjectives, dear.
It's just possible she didn't...
That's on time for Margo.
Margo, again...
Lloyd, what happened...?
In a minute...
It's about time we did! It's about time Margo realized that what's attractive on stage need not necessarily be attractive off.
If you'd only see her, you're her whole life - you must have spotted her by now, she's always there...
You can't put her out, I promised... Margo, you've got to see her, she worships you, it's like something out of a book-
The critics thought so, the audiences certainly think so - packed houses, tickets for months in advance - I can't see that either of Lloyd's last two plays have hurt you any!
Loud.
