Back to Copacabana. But Eve. Margo, let me tell you about Eve-
It's been a real pleasure, Eve.
Not at all...
'Remembrance'.
Let's get back to this one. Have you really seen every performance?  Why? I'm curious...
How'd hear about it?
Every performance? Then - am I safe in assuming you like it?
Hello, Miss Harrington.
Old wives' tales, born of envy and jealousy! And a phobia against truth!
- and for my feelings in particular! For my play, my career - and now for a frightened, hysterical girl on the eve of her first night in the Theater!
I didn't think you would! It seems to me, Karen, that for some tine, now, you've been developing a deep unconcern for the feeling of human being in general-
Who is it? What's it all about?
What's so funny?
You mean - all this time - she'd done nothing but apologize? What'd you say?
- well? What happened?
After all, maybe she just wants to apologize...
Three days, that's for the bourgeois - I see a midnight elopement, waking up a village person...
Well of all-
You - for one. I told her you were set on Margo playing the part - and I certainly wouldn't make a change without your approval.
Darling, I didn't promise Eve anything. Just said I thought she'd be fine for the part, but there were some practical difficulties...
I'm glad Bill's back.
Margo - and Bill - want us to meet them at the Cub Room tonight, after theater. For a bottle of wine.
That bitter cynicism of yours is something you've acquired since you left Radcliffe!
All this fuss and hysteria because an impulsive kid got carried away by excitement and the conniving of a professional manure slinger named deWitt! She apologized, didn't she?
Now just a minute!
Now just a minute-
For once, to write something and have it realized completely. For once, not to compromise-
No, I got the idea myself - while she was talking to me...
Eve did mention the play, you know. But just in passing - she's never ask to play a part like "Cora," she'd never have the nerve...
You've got to admit it would be a novelty.
If we could cast it properly, that is...
If - instead of waiting until next season to do 'Footsteps on the Ceiling', which is in pretty good shape - and if Margo can be talked into going on tour with 'Aged in Wood' - we could put 'Footsteps...' into production right away...
What with taxes coming up - and since I'm a playwright and not an oil well operator - well, I've been thinking...
You know, I've been going over our financial condition - if you'll pardon the expression...
She wanted to explain about her interview, wanted to apologize to someone - and didn't dare face Margo...
She's been to see me, as a matter of fact she left just before you came in - you just missed her...
Eve.
- it's Addison, from start to finish, it drips with his brand of venom... taking advantage of a kid like that, twisting her words, making her say what he wanted her to say-
What a way to die - trying to get an actress to the theater in time. Tell Max I want to be buried with royalties...
Incredible.
But it can't be! We can't be out of gas! I filled it myself yesterday!  Wasn't it full when you drove to Brewster this morning?
Just a little skid, that's all. This road's like glass.
Five-fifty-five. We'll be at the station in plenty of time...
When you asked a minute ago it was five-forty-two. It is now five forty-three. When you ask a minute from no, it will be-
Well. We've spent weekends before with nobody talking...  ... just be sure to lock up all blunt instruments and throwable objects...
What is?
Margo. Margo's great. She knows it. That's the trouble. She can play Peck's Bad Boy all she wants, and who's to stop her? Who's to give her that boot in the rear she needs and deserves?
- everything a playwright first thinks of wanting to write about... until his play becomes a vehicle for Miss Channing...
Of course she knew! For one thing, Addison told her how superbly Eve had read the part-!  Karen, let me tell you about Eve. She's got everything - a born actress. Sensitive, understanding, young, exciting, vibrant-
Then a childish, heavy-handed routine about not knowing Eve was her understudy-
And again and again! Two hours late for the audition, to begin with-
Up to here! That's where I've got it - up to here! Of all the star ridden, presumptuous, hysterical-
Coming?
Now let's not get into a big hassle-
That book is out of print, Karen, those days are gone. Fans no longer pull the carriage through the streets - they tear off clothes and steal wrist watches...
Easy, now...
- 'at's my loyal little woman.
How was the concert?
What's your being married got to do with it?
I don't think I could be.
That depends.
You know, she probably means well, after all...
Very discreet. A note right out in the open like that. Next time tell your lover to blow smoke rings - or tap a glass...
City Hall, that's for prize fighters, and reporters - I see a cathedral, a bishop, banks of flowers...
It's been quite a night. I understand that your understudy - Miss Harrington - has given her notice.
The audience will want its money refunded, believe me.
I have no intention of having an accident!
It's about time the piano realized it has not written the concerto!
I shall never understand the weird process by which a body with a voice suddenly fancies itself a mind! Just when exactly does an actress decide they're her words she's saying and her thoughts she's expressing?
I never said it was!
You have a genius for making barroom brawl out of a perfectly innocent misunderstanding at most!
You knew when you came in that the audition was over, that Eve was your understudy! Playing that childish game of cat and mouse...
You've been talking to that venomous fishwife, Addison deWitt-
That's beside the point.
What do you mean?
She was a revelation...
You'd have been proud of her.
I thought you knew... She was put on over a week ago-
She's your understudy.
Just one person. Isn't that so?  You know what this is all about, don't you? It has very little to do with whether you should play "Cora" - it has everything to do with the fact that you've had another fight with Bill.
Week after week, to thousands of people, you're as young as you want...
I know what I'm talking about, after all they're my plays...
Margo, you haven't got any age.
How do you mean?
Twentyish. It isn't important.
The play? All right, I guess...
I will.
Not exactly. Sometimes, though, I wish I understood you better.
Too many. And you've got a new guest. A movie star from Hollywood.
Up in the room.
There you are, both of you. Max, Karen has decided it's time to go.
The general atmosphere is very Macbethish. What has or is about to happen?
I like that girl. That quality of quiet graciousness...
How about calling it a night?
I doubt very much that you'd like her in 'The Hairy Ape'.
That was way back...
