The implication being that I have not been reading them as written.
How nice for Lloyd. And how nice for Eve. How nice for everybody.
A mass of music and fire. That's me. An old kazoo and some sparkles. Tell me - was Bill swept away, too, or were you too full of Revelation to notice?
How nice.
I take it she read well.
Was she that bad?
Just slipped your mind.
How... how was Miss Caswell?
Of course I knew.
Eve! My understudy...
I consider it highly unnatural to allow a girl in an advanced state of pregnancy-
Is it really? I must start wearing a watch, I never do, you know... who read with Miss Caswell? Bill?  Lloyd?  Well, it couldn't have been Max! Who?
Over? It can't be. I've come to read with her. I promised Max.
It's good luck before an audition. She'll be all right once it starts.
The ladies' - shall we say - lounge?
Why so remote, Addison? I should think you'd be at the side of your protegee, lending her moral support...
Amen.
Then you two must have a long talk-
You've heard of her great interest in the Theater-
Eve, this is an old friend of Mr. deWitt's mother - Miss Caswell, Miss Harrington...  Addison, I've been wanting you to meet Eve for the longest time-
I do not. How do you do?
I distinctly remember striking your name from the guest list. What are you doing here?
A foursquare, upright, downright, forthright married lady... that's for me. And no more make believe! Off stage or on... remember, Lloyd.  I mean it, now. Grown-up women only, I might even play a mother - only one child, of course, not over eight...  Lloyd, will you promise not to be angry with me?
I'm going to have a home. Not just a house I'm afraid to stay in... and a man to go with it. I'll look up at six o'clock - and there he'll be... remember, Karen?
A married lady.
You know what I'm going to be?
Groom.
You know why I forgive Eve? Because she's left good behind - the four of us, together like this, it's Eve's fault - I forgive her...
There goes Eve. Eve evil, Little Miss Evil. But the evil that men do - how does it go, groom? Something about the good they leave behind - I played it once in rep in Wilkes Barre...
I want everybody to shut up about Eve. Just shut up about Eve, that's all I want. Give Karen more wine...  ... never have I been so happy. Isn't this a lovely room? The Cub Room. What a lovely, clever name. Where the elite meet. Never have I seen so much elite - and all with their eyes on me. Waiting for me to crack that little gnome over the noggin with a bottle. But not tonight. Even Eve. I forgive Eve... there they go.
Groom-  - may I have a wedding present?
Pass me the empty bottle. I may find her... why, look. There's Rasputin.
"Please forgive me for butting into what seems such a happy occasion - but it's most important that I speak with you. Please" - it's underlined - "meet me in the Ladies' Room. Eve."
Something simple. A fur coat over a nightgown...
I'll marry you if it turns out you have no blood at all.
Glory Hallelujah.
He does not exaggerate. I was good.
Hear, hear...
Bill...  ... where are you going? To find Eve?
I - I don't know, Bill. Just a feeling, I don't know...
I wouldn't want you to marry me just to prove something.
I wish it were.
It's not nonsense.
The terms are too high. Unconditional surrender.
I admit I may have seen better days, but I am still not to be had for the price of a cocktail - like a salted peanut.
Don't be condescending.
Well, I am.
It's obvious you're not a woman.
That word again! I don't even know what it means...
Tell that to Dr. Freud! Along with the rest of it...
Paranoiac!
The playwright doesn't make the performance - and it doesn't just happen! And this one didn't - full of fire and music and whatnot, it was carefully rehearsed I have no doubt, over and over, full of those Bill Sampson touches!
- shows up for an audition when everyone knew I'd be here... and gives a performance! Out of nowhere - gives a performance!
Such nonsense, what do you all take me for - little Nell from the country? Been my understudy for over a week without my knowing, carefully hidden no doubt-
Well, you needn't. I will not be tolerated. And I will not be plotted against!
You're being terribly tolerant, aren't you?
I will not calm down!
The ex-ship news' reporter. No body, no voice, all mind!
I'm nothing but a body with a voice. No mind.
I mix what I like.
Poor little flower. Just dropped her petals and folded her tent...
I must have frightened her away.
The kid. Junior.
And you, I take it, are the Paderewski who plays his concerto on me, the piano?  Where is Princess Fire-and-Music?
So full of meaning, fire and music!
You wouldn't understand.  How was Miss Caswell?
Eve?  How enchanting...  Wherever did you get the idea of having Eve read with Miss Caswell?
What's all over?
Everybody has a heart - except some people.  Of course I've got bicarb. There's a box in the pantry. We'll put your name on it. Max Fabian. It'll say there. Always. Just for you.
If my guests do not like it here, I suggest they accompany you to the nursery where I'm sure you will all feel more at home.
You know nothing about feelings, natural or unnatural.
It hasn't been laid out, we haven't finished with the embalming. As a matter of fact, you're looking at it. The remains of Margo Channing. Sitting up. It is my last wish to be buried sitting up.
The kid - junior, that is - will be right down. Unless you'd like to take her drink up to her...
Thank you.
Cut! Print it! What happens in the next reel? Do I get dragged off screaming to the snake pit?
What about her teeth? What about her fangs?
- guilty.
For instance - you!
Stop calling her a kid! It so happens there are particular aspects of my life to which I would like to maintain sole and exclusive rights and privileges!
Stage-struck kid... she's a young lady - of qualities. And I'll have you know I'm fed up with both the young lady and her qualities! Studying me as if - as if I were a play or a set of blueprints! How I walk, talk, think, eat, sleep!
Twenty minutes!
I don't think that's funny!
Clyde Fitch, thought you may not think so, was well before my time!
So you've pointed out, so often. So many qualities, so often. Her loyalty, efficiency, devotion, warmth, affection - and so young. So young and so fair...
She's a girl of so many rare qualities.
She's a girl of so many interests.
That never stopped you before.
I had no idea you were even here.
I thought you were going to be late-
Remind me to tell you about when I looked into the heart of an artichoke.
Don't let me kill the point. Or isn't it a story for grownups?
To put me to bed? Take my clothes off, hold my head, tuck me in, turn off the lights, tiptoe out...? eve would. Wouldn't you, Eve?
This is my house, not a theater! In my house you're a guest, not a director-!
Happy little housewife...
It won't play.
You're in a beehive, pal, didn't you know? We're all busy little bees, full of stings, making honey day and night-  - aren't we, honey?
I love you too. Good night, darling-
I'll check with Eve...
Okay.
Yeah... I will.
She did...?
Of course, birthday and welcome home... who'll I ask?
Many happy returns of the day...
Happy birthday, darling...
Bill... Bill, it's your birthday.
Sing it?
Bill, you know how much I do - but over the phone, now really, that's kid stuff...
A big hurry, be quick about it - so good night, darling, and sleep tight...
- in a tin can, cellophane or wrapped in a Navajo blanket, I want you home...
When - when are you coming back?
That I am...
Bill? Have I gone crazy, Bill?
Call me when you get in...
Am I going to lose you, Bill? Am I?
I don't want to be childish, I'd settle for just a few years-
- you're a setup for some gorgeous wide-eyed young babe.
You're not such a bargain, you know, conceited and thoughtless and messy-
Don't get stuck on some glamour puss-
Bill...
Take care of yourself out there...
All the religions in the world rolled into one, and we're Gods and Goddesses... isn't it silly, suddenly I've developed a big protective feeling for her - a lamb loose in our big stone jungle...
Did she tell you about the Theater and what it meant?
Eve. I'd forgotten they grew that way...
Byron couldn't have said it more graciously... here we go-
Can't keep his eyes off my legs.
Where's my coat?
Oh well...  ... look through the wigs, maybe it got caught-
Heaven help me, I love a psychotic.
I'm a junk yard.
Show me a human and I might have!
Thank you so much.
Well, I certainly think it's odd he hasn't even come up...
Don't be dense. The party.
The only thing I ordered by mistake is the guests.  They're domestic, too, and they don't care what they drink as long as it burns... where's Bill? He's late.
That French ventriloquist taught you a lot, didn't he?
You're not being funny, I could get actors for less. What about the food?
My back's open.  Did the extra help get here?
I'm sure that's very flattering, Birdie, and I'm sure there's nothing wrong with that!
How do you mean that?
She thinks only for me...  ... doesn't she?
She's loyal and efficient-
She works hard.
Why not?
An answer.
You don't like Eve, do you?
Birdie-
Oh-oh.
Well?
Behind in your dues? How much?
Just because you can't even work a zipper. It was very thoughtful, Eve, and I appreciate it-
When we get home you're going to get into one of those girdles and act for two and half hours.
You bought the new girdles a size smaller. I can feel it.
See you home...
She, too, is a great admirer of yours.
There are some human experiences, Birdie, that do not take place in a vaudeville house - and that even a fifth-rate vaudevillian should understand and respect!  I want to apologize for Birdie's-
I'm sure you must have things to do in the bathroom, Birdie dear.
Miss Coonan...
And this is my good friend and companion, Miss Birdie Coonan.
How do you do, my dear.
Of course!
Buy some.
It was Fort Sumter they fired on-
What a pity, all that fire and music being turned off...
Why not?
Really, Eve? Why?
How are you making out in Mr. Fabian's office?  I don't want you working the child too hard, Max - just because you promised. As you see, I kept my promise, too...
Terribly sorry I'm late, lunch was long and I couldn't find a cab - where's Miss Caswell, shall we start? Oh, hello, Eve...
I had no idea you knew each other.
Thank you, Eve. I'd like a Martini - very dry.
Some snowy night in front of the fire... in the meantime, while we're on the subject, will you check about the hors d'oeuvres? The caterer forgot them, the varnish wasn't dry or something...
I wouldn't like.
Don't get up. And please stop acting as if I were the queen mother.
Yes, I guess you were. It - it was very thoughtful of you, Eve.
Yes, dear. You forgot all about it.
Eve...  ... by any chance, did you place a call from me to Bill for midnight California time?
It seems I can't think of a thing you haven't thought of...
- and those checks or whatever it is for the income tax man.
There's the script to go back to the Guild-
Quite sure. I find it just a bit too - too "Seventeenish" for me...
Very becoming. It looks better on you than it did on me.
Don't bother. Mrs. Brown'll be along for it in a minute.
They are lovely. Aren't they lovely, Birdie?
Well, you've done so much... what's new?
When he gets too close, I'll spit in his eye.
Well, teacher's away and actors will be actors...
You certainly can. Especially if you're me between now and tomorrow morning...
Performance number one thousand of this one - if I play it that long - will take place in a well-padded booby hatch...
What - again?
I won't be a minute.
Stick around. Please. Tell you what - we'll put Stanislavsky on his plane, you and I, then go somewhere and talk.
No, don't go...
Did you see it here in New York?
There are other plays...
Of course it is.
You'll be there, won't you.
Very classy stuff, lots of technique-
But not right away? First the business of fighting them off, chin up, stout fella...
With tears?
Karen, in all the years of our friendship, I have never let you go to the Ladies' Room alone. But now I must. I am busting to know what goes on in that feverish little brain waiting there...
The little witch must have had Indians runners out snatching critics out of bars, steam rooms and museums or wherever they hole up... well, she won't get away with it! Nor will Addison deWitt and his poison pen! If Equity or my lawyer can't or won't do anything about it, I will personally stuff that pathetic little lost lamb down Mr. deWitt's ugly throat...
In this rat race, everybody's guilty till they're proved innocent! One of the differences between the Theater and civilization...  ... what gets me is how all of those papers in town happened to catch that particular performance!
It get better! "- About the understandable reluctance on the part of our entrenched First Ladies of the Stage to encourage, shall we say - younger - actresses; about Miss Harrington's own long and unsupported struggle for opportunity-"
"... my hat which has, lo, these many seasons become more firmly rooted about my ears, is lifted to Miss Harrington. I am once more available for dancing in the streets and shouting from the housetops." ... I thought that one went out with Woollcott...  Down here... here, listen to this- "... Miss Harrington had much to tell - and these columns shall report her faithfully - about the lamentable practice in our Theater of permitting, shall we say - mature - actresses to continue playing roles requiring a youth and vigor of which they retain but a dim memory-"
Don't give it another thought, one of destiny's many pranks. After all, you didn't personally drain the gasoline out of the tank...
About what?
Let's not fumble for excuses, not here and now with my hair down. At best, let's say I've been oversensitive to... well, to the fact that she's so young - so feminine and helpless. To so many things I want to be for Bill... funny business, a woman's career. The things you drop on your way up the ladder, so you can move faster. You forget you'll need them again when you go back to being a woman. That's one career all females have in common - whether we like it or not - being a woman. Sooner or later we've all got to work at it, no matter what other careers we've had or wanted... and, in the last analysis, nothing is any good unless you can look up just before dinner or turns around in bed - and there he is. Without that, you're not woman. You're something with a French provincial office or a book full of clippings - but you're not a woman...  ... slow curtain. The end.
About Eve. I've acted pretty disgracefully toward her, too.
I don't suppose the heater runs when the motor doesn't?
Isn't that what they always say?
Those years stretch as the years go on. I've seen it happen too often.
Bill's in love with Margo Channing. He's fought with her, worked with her, loved her... but ten years from now - Margo Channing will have ceased to exist. And what's left will be... what?
More than anything in this world, I love Bill. And I want Bill. I want him to want me. But me. Not Margo Channing. And if I can't tell they apart - how can he?
What about Bill?
And what is that? Besides something spelled out in light bulbs, I mean. Besides something called temperament, which consists mostly of swooping about on a broomstick creaming at the top of my voice... infants behave the way I do, you know. They carry on and misbehave - they'd get drunk if they knew how - when they can't have what they want. When they feel unwanted and insecure - or unloved.
So many people - know me. I wish I did. I wish someone would tell be about me...
Come to think of it, I haven't been very pleasant for weeks. For that, I'm truly sorry. More than any two people I know, I don't want you and Lloyd to be angry with me...
Karen.  I haven't been pleasant this weekend.
I detest cheap sentiment.
Do you want it on?
Be brave. He'll come back - with or without gas.
It seems to me that walking, for most people, is not very dangerous.
Not many car either, not much chance of a lift...
Any houses or farms around where we can borrow gas?
How far to the station?
How much time have we?
Peace and quit is for libraries.
That little place just two hours form New York. It's on my list of things-I'll-never-understand. Like collecting shrunken Indian heads...
I'm so happy you're happy.
Please don't play governess, Karen, I haven't your unyielding good taste, I wish I'd gone to Radcliffe too but father wouldn't hear of it - he needed help at the notions counter...  I'm being rude now, aren't I? OR should I say "ain't I"?
Would you like a drink? It's right beside you...
I'm so sorry... Harrington. Won't you sit down?
Dear Birdie. Won't you sit down, Miss Worthington?
The heave-ho.
You've what?
They're nobody's fans! They're juvenile delinquents, mental detectives, they're nobody's audience, they never see a play or a movie, even - they're never indoors long enough!
Autograph fiends! They're not people - those little beast who run in packs like coyotes-
Ain't it the truth?
Relax, kid. It's only me and my big mouth...
It's the tight girdle that does it.
Hi.  "Well, now Mis' Channin', ah don't think you can rightly say we lost the wah, we was mo' stahved out, you might say - an' that's what ah don' unnerstand about all these plays about love-stahved Suth'n women - love is one thing we was nevah stahved for the South!"
It means I've finally got a life to live! I don't have to play parts I'm too old for - just because I've got nothing to do with my nights!  I know you've made plans. I'll make it up to you, believe me. I'll tour a year with this one, anything - only you do understand - don't you, Lloyd?
Now wait a minute, you're always so touchy about his plays, it isn't the part - it's a great part. And a fine play. But not for me anymore - not a foursquare, upright, downright, forthright married lady.
Well. I don't want to play "Cora."
I mean really, deeply angry...
She is a louse.
... and Bill. Especially Bill. Eve did that, too.
Lloyd, I want you to be big about this... the world is full of love tonight, no woman is safe...
Yes, sir.
Too bad.
Thank you, Lloyd. Godspeed.
How fortunate that I have an understudy so ready, so willing and so able to go on.
It's not important whether you do. We are wearing long underwear.
Karen and I just don't want an accident-
Usually at the point when she's got to rewrite and rethink them to keep the audience from leaving the theater!
Then you listened as if someone else had written you play - whom did you have in mind? Sherwood? Arthur Miller? Beaumont and Fletcher?
Perfectly innocent! Man have been hanged for less! I'm lied to, attacked behind my back, accused of reading your silly dialogue inaccurately - as if it were Holy Gospel!
Not mouse, never mouse! If anything - rat!
- in this case, apparently, as trustworthy as the World Almanac!
It's right to the point. Also that it must have sounded so new and fresh to you - so exciting to have the lines read as you wrote them!
I mean, among other things, that it must have been a revelation to have your twenty-four-year-old character played by twenty-four-year-old actress...
To you, too?
I'm sure.
I'm sure you underestimate yourself, Eve. You always do.  You were about to tell me about Eve...
It seems almost inconceivable that I haven't seen her backstage, but with so many people loitering around... well, well. So Eve is not working for Max after all-  - Max you sly puss.
Eve? Eve, my understudy? But I had no idea...
... as young as they want, you mean. And I'm not interested in whether thousands of people think I'm six or six hundred-
Spoken like an author.  Lloyd, I'm not twentyish. I am not thirtyish. Three months ago, I was forty years old. Forty. Four oh.  That slipped out, I hadn't quite made up my mind to admit it. Now I feel as if I'd suddenly taken all my clothes off...
Miss Channing is ageless. Spoken like a press agent.
Don't be evasive.
Don't you think it's about time it became important?
"Cora." She's - still a girl of twenty?
How's the new one coming?
When you do, let me in on it.
You disapprove of me when I'm like this, don't you?
Shucks. And my autograph book is at the cleaners.
Who's left out there?
Where is she?
What is he talking about?
... Among so many quiet qualities.
And you pose as a playwright. A situation pregnant with possibilities - and all you can think of is everybody to go to sleep...
Would you, really? How sweet-
Within your time, buster. Lloyd, honey, be a playwright with guts. Write me one about a nice, normal woman who shoots her husband.
Honey chili had a point. You know, I can remember plays about women - even from the South - where it never even occurred to them whether they wanted to marry their fathers more than their brothers...
I placed...?
That's right, but I don't understand-
Call, what call?
Hello..
My dear Horowitz. In the first place, I'm paying you union scale. Second, it's my piano. Third, if everybody doesn't like kind of dying on the vine, they can get off the vine and go home. "Liebestraum."
"Liebestraum."
Then this will be five. I suppose you think I'm too drunk to count.
Play it again.
"Liebestraum."
Not until the last drugstore has sold its last pill!
I didn't hear you.
Answer my question!
Are you threatening me with legal action, Mr. Fabian?
That's my Max.
Promise.
Think of your health, Max - more time to relax out in the fresh air at a race track...
She'd be a great help - read scripts, interview people you have to see, get rid of the ones you don't have to... you'd be a man of leisure-
You said yourself my inventory was in good shape - all of my merchandise put away. To keep her here with nothing to do - I'd be standing in her way... and you need her, Max.
You get quick action, don't you?
Give Eve Harrington job in you office.
Not at all. And you could do me a big favor, if you would-
Anything to help you out, Max.
I tell you what. Why don't I read with her?
When's the audition?
Well, if she can act, she might not be bad. She looks like she might burn down a plantation...
Miss Caswell?  What?
Here you are, Maxie dear. One good burp and you'll be rid of that Miss Caswell...
I love you, Max. I really mean it. I love you. Come to the pantry.
Poor Max. Heartburn?  It's that Miss Caswell. I don't know why she doesn't give Addison heartburn.
Supposed you dropped dead. What about your inventory?
Make it Bergdorf Goodman... and now everything is on its proper shelf, eh, Max? Done up in little ribbons. I could die right now and nobody'd be confused. How about you, Max?
