Goddamnit, Scooter, come on. Pardon my language, ma'am.
Well, yeah it's a classic. You know, Karl, I got to thinkin' about it last night and it's just not Christian of me to not let you have a key. I mean you been in lockup so long, you don't need me keepin' you locked up. You need to come and go as you please. Here, take this key, it'll get you in and out that back door.  Them french fries good?
There was these two old boys hung their peckers off of a bridge to piss, one old boy from California and one old boy from Arkansas. Old boy from California says, "Boy this water's cold." Old boy from Arkansas says "Yeah, and it's deep too."  Get it? That's a goodun.
Scooter, did I tell about the two old boys pissin' off the bridge?
Karl, they's a blanket up in under that cot and soap in the bathroom to clean up with.  Now there's one more thing. The way we lock these doors at night, you can't get out. You didn't want to go anywhere, did you?
All right then, I'll see y'all later. Karl you done a good day's work. They right about you. Scooter, he's gonna knock you out of a job if you're not careful. I'll see you tomorrow.
Scooter, let's me and you go over to Dairy Queen and pick up a few things for lunchtime.
See there. Thinks of the simplest thing first.
You done fixed it? I'll be damned. Scooter told me it couldn't be fixed. 'Course Scooter's about as shitless as one poor son-of-a-bitch can be. You done fixed it. I'll just be damned. See you tomorrow.
All right then. I'll see you bright and early. How you comin' along on that garden tiller?
Now, Karl, you sure you want to go stay with these folks? You're welcome to keep on stayin here. It's workin' out real good.
I'll let you off while it's still daylight.
Well, I'm gonna pay you today for this comin' week, so you'll have some walkin' around money. When you get off this evenin' you better go buy some toothpaste and cleanin' up supplies to have back there. Some hard candy and some magazines. Somethin' to keep you busy at night.
You got any money?
If it works out and all, maybe we'll get you a key so you can get out at night if you need to. See you later.
Yeah, me too.
We order from Dairy Queen at noontime usually. We can buy your lunch till you get on your feet a little.
They say you're a whiz on fixin' lawn mowers and things.
Now it's minimal wage and there ain't nothin' but a army cot and a toilet back there.
Okay, stop back by. Don't worry about your boy here, he's doin' good.
Sure.
He's gone to stayin' over with that Wheatley boy and his mama in their garage. I think that little boy adopted him damn near like a mascot. But he's got a key here to come and go as he pleases. Everything's worked out good.
Well, he's pretty quiet. Except for them rackets and breathin' things he does. Ain't threatened me with a killin' or anything.  But boy you couldn't of been more right about him fixin' things. That son of a bitch is a regular Eli Whitney on a lawnmower. Loves french fries. Eats four larges and don't even so much as belch. I'm proud to have him.
Doin' pretty good. Got a sick tiller here. What's got you down this way?
How 'bout you, Jerry.
Good to know you, Karl.
Well, I've got a roomful of work for him to do. Can't get Scooter to do any of it.
Fine with me. If he steals anything, I'll take it out of your pocket anyway.
That old man of his still livin' over there on Clark Street I believe.
Well, I ain't scared of him workin' here. You know me. I'm a church goin' man. Forgivin' man. When your time's up the Lord's gonna come git you. You seared of him, Scooter?
Don't look much like he could. You say he can fix a small engine like nobody's bidness.
I remember it real well. Cut them folks to pieces. His mama one of 'em.
Aw, pretty good. Kids are drivin' me crazy and Phyliss is gonna put me in the poorhouse. Can't complain other than that. Wouldn't do any good if I did.  Do you know Scooter, Jerry?
Hey Jerry, how it's goin'. Good to see you. Been a long time.
