Thank ye.
Hit ain't got no gas in it.
I fixed it. Hit's a workin' pretty good.
That boy wants me to.
All right then.
They give me fifty dollars when they turned me loose. I spent up some of it on ridin' the bus and eatin' french-fried potaters.
Yeah, they's good all right.
I don't reckon.
I like them french-fried potaters.
I've tinkered around on 'em a little bit.
Thank ye.
Karl's my name.
I'll help you tote 'em if I don't give out first.
How fer you going with them sacks full of warsh?
Ain't you got no mama and daddy to tend to it?
What you got in there, warshing?
Give me the big'uns.
How much you want fer 'em? I'll get some of them I reckon.
French-fried potaters.
What do you like to eat here?
What you got that's good to eat?
You have any biscuits for sale?
I was kindly wantin' somethin' or 'nother d'eat.
Don't say nothin' about that boy.
It's too big.
They was a boy. We made friends.
I aim to kill you with it.
What numbers do you punch?
How does a feller go about gettin' ahold of the police?
Don't hit that boy no more.
I want to be baptized.
Childers.
I ain't never used no hatchet that I remember.
A good deal of it, I reckon. Can't understand all of it.
Different ones. The Bible's one of 'em.
This and that. Toothpaste and whatnot.
Ever'thing's okay, boy. I kindly want to put my arm around ye for a minute and then I'm gonna go on and leave here.
Don't go home tonight and stay with that Doyle. He's got it in for ye tonight. I got me a feelin', too. Feels like to me you ort not be there in that house with him liquored up and mean. Ye mama neither. When you get up from here, I want you to go to that feller's house. Your mama's friend. I want you to give me your word on it.
Will ye do somethin' for me if I ast you to?
Reckon what kind of a feelin'?
Yes sir.
I aim fer you to have 'em.
Maybe you can make more sense out of them than I can. I made you a little old book marker and stuck it in that book on Christmas.
Hit don't make no difference where I was to be. We'll always be friends. There ain't no way to stop that.  I aim for you to have these books.
I'm tired, too, Frank.  If I ain't around no more, it don't mean I don't care fer ye. I care for ye a good deal. I care for you more than anybody they is. We made friends right off the bat.
That feller's a whole sight meaner than me. He'd just whup the tar out of me.
You're just a boy. You ort not to use that sort of language.
I'm glad of it you was borned.  I reckon I ain't gonna be there in the garage no more.
I knowed you'd be here.  What are you a-doin' digging with that stob?
Yes ma'am. I like a fried chicken leg.
If I ain't too stove up. I ain't like you. I'm old and give out.  I'm proud of ye.
I wadn't thinkin' about nothin' else just like you told me I'd do.
No sir.
Them boys was tryin' to pull me down pretty hard.
I dern near had me a touchdown till them boys got a-hold of me there so I figured I better give it off to you. I seen you over there follerin' me.
Yessir.
Yeah.
I'll play ball with ye. I reckon if neither one of us is no count it won't make no difference.
Bill Cox is goin' to a funeral for a Mister Turner tomorrow and a closin' up shop early.
Make believin' always made me feel good too from time to time.
I don't reckon I know. I ain't found no way yet and I'm three or four times as old as you. Might be that's just the way folks is.
Readin' on this book on how to work carpentry. I aim to learn how to build things out of wood one of these times. I've always been partial to wood buildin's and cabinets and whatnot. These drawin's they got here don't make no sense to me so far.  You seem like yore tails a'draggin' a might. You got somethin' wrong with ye?
I reckon.
Yes sir, I reckon it does.
I've studied about it. The Bible says not to or you end up goin' to Hades. Some folks calls it Hell, I call it Hades.
Hits been hard thinkin' about it. They ain't a day goes by I don't think about it. I kindly have a picture of it up in my head that I see. Hit makes me sad, too. I have bad thoughts on it. I wished they was somethin' I could of did, too. Shouldn't no bad things happen to childern. All the ol' bad things ort to be saved up for folks that's growed up, the way I see it. I shouldn't of told you about that. A boy ort not hear about such things. It just kindly come out.
I wadn't but six or eight. I reckon I didn't know what to do. I didn't know how to care for no baby. Mama and Daddy didn't want him. They learned me to do what they told me to. These days I figure it might of been best to give him right back to the Good Lord right off the bat anyhow.
I heared it cryin' a little through that box.
I didn't feel right about doin' that. I takened a shoe box from there in the shed and emptied out some screwdrivers and nuts and warshers from it and put the little feller in that and buried him in the corner of the yard there. That seemed more proper to me, I reckon.
A little ol' boy.
Yes sir. Right then it was.
My daddy come to the shed out back and got me and said throw this here away and handed me a towel with somethin' in it. I went for the trash barrel there and opened up the towel to see 'cause they was a noise and somethin' movin' in it. Hit was bloody-like around that towel. Hit was a little ol' bitty baby, no bigger than a squirrel.
Hit was borned a little too early on. My mother and father made hit come too early some way or other. I reckon they changed their mind about havin' another'n. I was about six or eight year old then and they didn't care too much for me so I reckon they didn't need somethin' else to worry 'em with.
Yeah.
I had one there for little bit. Hit didn't get old enough to play with.
Naw.
I don't reckon I know.
He ain't no count.
You ort not to pull on yourself that away.
Yes sir. You ort not know that language.
Pull on your works. Your privates.
That's real good. You ort not to if ye ain't married to somebody. Bible tells you that much. Hit tells some things that don't seem right too, I reckon. I guess a feller ort to foller it close as he can, though.  You don't touch yourself, do you?
Naw.
They ort to. You're a good boy.
I bet he will. I got a little money if he don't. I'll get 'em for ye.
If you want me to.
Yeah, I recollect it.
All right then.
Hit was right thoughty of her.
Yeah, I reckon they did. Hit like to tore me up when I read about that pore little cripple boy.
All right then.
Yeah.
That's than un on Christmas I was tellin' you about.
Naw. You can look at all my books you want to.
That gal that made employee of the month give 'em to me for awalkin' with her.
Yeah.
I like the way you talk.
I reckon it tastes pretty good to me.
I reckon if you want me to.  I got some of that potted meat and sodie crackers left over if you want some.
He ort not to talk that away to you neither. He ain't no count. He's mean to you and your mama.  Yore mama and that feller that's carryin' me to get somethin' d'eat's gonna be back here directly.
You ort not to talk that way. You're just a boy.
I growed up and got taught it ain't right to kill nobody.
I thought they was.
Two people.
Yeah, I did.
Why did he do that, reckon.
Yeah, I remember you a-tellin' me that.
How come her to keep bein' girlfriends and all with him if he's mean to her?
You don't need to know all of that. You're just a boy. You need to think about good thoughts while you're still a boy. They'll be plenty of time for the other.
He never did want to. I figure he ain't changed his mind much.
My mother's dead. My daddy's s'posed to be around still. He don't want to have nothin' to do with me though.
Naw. Didn't have too much. Enough to scrape by on, I reckon.
I was kindly needin' to do some tradin'. Reckon they sell toothpaste?
I don't want to worry your mama with company.
All right then.
I ain't no good at it. I just come by.
You told me to come by.
Yeah it is. Your name's Frank.
I never was much count at it. I never did get picked out fer it.
I reckon I feel all right.
They told me I was well. They had to turn me loose.
Yeah.
I killed some folks quite awhile back. They said I wadn't right in the head and they put me in there in the nervous hospital instead of puttin' me in jail.
I did live there in the state hospital.
Ain't got nowhere to set 'em down.
Different ones. One's the Bible. One of 'ems a book on Christmas. One of 'ems how to be a carpenter.
Childers.
Flowers is pretty. I've always thought that.
A blister shore can hurt.
I ain't really thought about it too much I don't reckon.
I reckon.
I like walkin' quite a bit from time to time.
Yes ma'am, I reckon.
That grass out in the yard's all growed up. I figured I might cut it fer ye.
They turned me aloose from the nervous hospital. Said I was well.
I'm ye oldest boy name Karl.
I'm ye boy.
That boy, he's my friend. He likes the way I talk and I like the way he talks.
I told 'em about it. They know I'm well. That Mizz Wheatley made me some biscuits.
My history.
Yes sir.
Yes sir.
Yes sir.
He's a-carryin' me to look fer work in Millsburg where I was borned.
I reckon I can just walk around till the mornin'. Or set and read me a book somewhere.
I never was no good with history.
I reckon.
I'm pretty handy I reckon on lawn mowers and whatnot.
Naw. Never did know too much of nobody. Not to he'p me out anyway.
Naw.
I reckon I don't care nothin' about bein' a free man. I don't know how to go about it.
I want to come back and stay here.
All right then.
I ain't got nothing but them books.
I reckon I'm gonna have to get used to them lookin' at me, too.
I reckon I'm gonna have to get used to looking at pretty people.
Thank ye.  I'm just getting around to tellin' you, but I fixed your warshin' machine.
You've been real good to me, too. It ain't ever'body that'd make biscuits in the middle of the night. You and that boy has give me a good feelin'.
You're a good mama to that boy. You care for him. You work hard fer him to take care of him. You light him up in his eyes, I've seen it. He wouldn't know what to do without ye.
Ma'am?
He wanted to go off and play, I reckon.  You go in there and you and that Doyle eat ye dinner. You don't have to worry yourself none.
Frank, he went off, too. He ain't gonna be in there when you get indoors.
No ma'am. I'm a'goin' off sommers.
I could shore use some. Thank ye.
All right then.
Yes ma'am.  I like your garage.  I wouldn't never hurt you or your boy. I'd lay my hand on the Bible and say the same thing.
I killed my mother and a old boy name Jesse Dixon. I thought they was a-doin' wrong. I was about your boy's age. They say I'm well now from it.
Hit ain't right for me to keep from tellin' you how come me to be put in the state hospital.
I like Frank. He's a good boy. Me and him's made friends.
I wouldn't mind a havin' supper.
Thank ye.
Mustard's good on 'em to me.
Yes ma'am.
Just whenever you take a notion to. I don't aim to put you out.
Do you reckon you can make me some biscuits?
Two fellers was on a bridge a takin' a leak and one feller says the water was cold and the other said it was deep water. One of 'em came from Arkansas, I believe.
No ma'am.
I didn't aim to.
Tolerable, I reckon.
I don't reckon you have to go with women to be a daddy to a boy.  You've been real square dealin' with me. The Bible says two men ort not lay together. But I'll bet you the Good Lord wouldn't send nobody like you to Hades. Some folks calls it Hell, I call it Hades.  That boy lives inside of his own heart. Hits an awful big place. You take care of that boy.
Naw, not yet.  I want ye to give this to Mizz Wheatley. Hit ain't much, but maybe there's a little somethin' to hep out. Hits what I've earned fixin' lawnmowers and whatnot fer Bill Cox.
That dern Doyle is in a bad way again with that drinkin' and bein' mean to folks. Will you give me your word you'll do it?
This evenin' I want you to go get Mizz Wheatley and that Frank and have them stay with you tonight.
I ain't a-stayin'. I need to ast you fer a favor.
I ain't read 'em yet except two or three of 'em. I can't understand a lot of what I try to read. My mind, hit wonders off to somethin' else when I try to read.
Before that I was thinkin' it'd be good if I could get another three or four cans of that potted meat if you got any extry.
I was thinkin' I could use me another helpin' of these potaters.
I wouldn't never hurt them.
I've heard it said that way.
Not funny, ha, ha, funny queer.
I reckon not.
I reckon I can stand to eat a little somethin' or 'nother at noontime tomorrow. Bill Cox generally gets me a box of french fried potaters. But I reckon he can lay off doin' it tomorrow.
I done et just a little bit ago.
Quite a spell, I reckon.
Naw, I ain't.
That boy wants me to.
Yes sir.
Not really to speak of.
I reckon Mr. Woolridge got me hired on to work for Bill Cox's outfit.
They turned me loose from the state hospital.
What's that you say?
I's horned and raised here up till I's twelve year old.
Naw, I don't believe you have. I don't reckon I never been in here. This store didn't used to be here.
