I'm a witness. I heard you threaten her life.
Doyle, don't you lay one hand on her.
It's not your house, Doyle, it's Linda's.
I don't really understand the meaning of the words.
What exactly do you mean by that? I don't understand.
Oh, yeah, I'm thrilled.
Are you sure you can drive? You've really had a lot of alcohol.
I'd better go on home now, it's late. I have to work tomorrow.
Sure. It sounded like a number one tune all right.
That's ridiculous. That's just a total lie.
I know Albert. We're friends.
Sure, I guess.
What about you, Karl? Do you want to stay here?
Well, sure, okay. He hasn't hurt them, has he?
What's wrong? Is everything okay?
Okay.
Karl, what are you doing here? Come in.
I think Karl is going to be a writer or a librarian eventually. You should see all the books he has. He must read constantly.
Oh. How about before that?
That's what I thought. I hope I haven't offended you in any way. You seem like a thinker. You seem to always be in deep thought. Tell me something. What are you thinking right now?
Anyway, it's hard to live gay, that's the right way to say it, in a small town like this. I've wanted to leave many times, but my love for Linda and Frank and another certain person that we won't go into have kept me from it. Anyway, I'm rambling. If you're going to live in the Wheatly garage you need to know that it won't be easy. Doyle is a monster. Not just a closed minded redneck, but a monster. A dangerous person. I've told Linda that one day that man is going to really hurt her or that boy. Maybe even kill one of them. I see it in his eyes. I'm very in tune, maybe even psychic. Doyle will make your life hell. You're a perfect target. When I first saw you I was afraid of you. Not really afraid, I guess, just taken aback. But also, I felt a real sensitive feeling from you. And for some reason, Frank has adopted you. Much like a stray animal. I'm sorry, I didn't mean it like that. In a good way. Anyway, I just want you to know what you're in for. I have a good feeling about you. You're good for Frank. Maybe it's that he can have an adult friend on a child's level. I'm sorry, I didn't mean it in a bad way.  There's one more thing. It's none of my business why you were in the state hospital. Everyone has something in their past, maybe you tried suicide, maybe you did something -- terrible. But what I see before me is a gentle, simple man. All I want you to promise me is that you're capable of being around Linda and Frank. You know. You would never hurt them under any circumstances, would you?
Well that's a very offensive way to put it. You shouldn't say that. You were taught that, weren't you?
Homosexual. I like men. Sexually.
Okay, Karl, the reason I brought you here was to talk to you about something that is on my mind.  I guess I'll put it right out on the table. Where do I start. Linda and Frank are very important to me. They're like family. My own family was never like family. They're horrible people. As a matter of fact I prayed every night for years that my father would die. I finally realized through a lot of therapy that I was wasting my energy on hating him. Now I just don't care.  You see, you and I are a lot alike, strange as that may seem. I mean not physically or even mentally really, just well, maybe emotionally or actually the hand we've been dealt in life. We're different. People see us as being different anyway. You're -- well you have your affliction or whatever and I, well mine's not as easy to see. I'm just going to say it. I'm gay.  Does that surprise you?  That I'm gay. You know what being gay is, don't you?
Okay, I'll come by Mr. Cox's and get you at noon.
I mean tomorrow or the next day.
Listen, before you get very used to staying here, I think you and I need to talk about a few things. Can I take you to lunch?
How long have you been standing here?
Did you knock on the door yet?
So, you're really going to stay here?
Do you have family here?
Is that right?  Are you going to be staying here long?
Why are you here now?
What brings you back?
It's been here seventeen years. Did you live here before or something?
I don't think I've ever seen you before.
Listen everybody, I know this may sound corny, I've had a few glasses of wine and that kind of makes me a little emotional, but I'm going to say it anyway. It just came over me in a rush. I want you all to know that I care about each and every one of you at this table.
I'm sorry.
Karl, maybe you and Melinda might want to take a walk or something after dinner. It's a nice night.
Good. I haven't decided yet if I'm a good cook.
Karl is a guy guy?
What about me?
He's been in the state hospital a long time, something must be wrong with him.
Are you sure it's safe to let him around that guy?
He just got out of the state hospital.
Can I help you, sir?
Yes.
Well, a lot of people in town talk and spread cruel rumors. Unfortunately, I have to keep certain parts of my life private.
Also, Melinda, please don't tell anybody at the store that Albert was here tonight, okay.
