I'll see you, Bill.
Can I see him?
Is him stayin' here workin' out?
Just thought I'd check on Karl and see if everything's working out.
How are you, Bill?
Karl, come over here. I want you to meet your new boss.  This is Bill Cox, runs this place. Says you can work here and stay in the back.
He won't steal. I'm tellin' you he's a pretty good ol' boy. Keeps to himself.
He won't have anything to do with him. Now you say it's all right for him to stay out here in the back?
He's a regular whiz at it. That's all he did when he was a kid.
No, don't guess I do.  Scooter, good to meet you.  This is him, the one I talked to you about on the phone. Now like I said, I'll understand if you get nervous about it. I'm not gonna lie to you now, he did get in that trouble but then he was real young.
Good to see you, Bill. How's everybody doin'?
I knew you'd do all right. Well, I just wanted to check on you. I'll say bye to Bill and get on back.
I'll be.
Yeah.
Do they know about you?
Are you sure you're okay staying with that woman and boy?
Well, I guess we better hit the road.
Didn't you go to sleep at all, Karl? You been sittin' there like that all night?
Karl, you up?
She's talkin' about me, Karl. That's my first name.
No, I mean your past. About why you were in here.  I'll take you first thing in the mornin'. You have anyplace you can stay tonight at all? I just can't let you stay here. It's the rules. If something happened well, I'd be liable.
I can't promise he'll hire you. I'll have to tell him about your history.
I know, I've seen it myself. Would you give that a try?
Listen, Karl, the truth is I don't know where they expect you to go or what they expect you to do. If it was up to me, I'd let you stay here if that's what you wanted. I'm just doin' my job.  You follow me?  Listen, I know an old boy that runs a fix-it shop deal down in Millsburg. He used to go to church with me. You're good workin' on small engines and things. If I put my neck out for you with him, will you work at it if he'll hire you?
Your daddy's still livin' down there from what you told me.  I guess he wouldn't help you any, would he? I wasn't thinking. You don't know anybody?
Well, you have to learn. It'll take some time. Don't you know anybody down there to help you out?
Well, you can't do that. You're a free man. You've been let out to do as you please.
Karl, what in the world are you doing here?
You better go get 'em.
You better go get your things.
Yes, I guess you are.
As much as anybody else is, I guess. Y'all have a good rest of the day now.
Wherever he wants to. I think he's going back to Millsburg where he's from. It's just about twenty miles from here.
I hope the best for you, Miss Dwiggins, with your school and your paper and all.
We've got some paperwork to take care of. Pretty soon. Don't worry, you won't run into him in the parking lot.
Homicidal signs. Oh, we're gonna change the light in here for Karl. I hope you can see to write.
He's free. His time's up. That's the rules. He's been treated and reevaluated. He doesn't show any signs any more.
It's the best you're gonna get. I'm sorry.
But, here's the thing. He'll only talk to you. He doesn't want you to ask him anything. And you shouldn't stare at him.
One of his Daddy's Bible lessons I imagine. Y'all pull up a chair. I'll go out and talk to him.
I don't think so. Just period, I think. She told him... God gave them the ugliest creation he could think of. Karl has an entire book -- a notebook. On every page it says "Franklin Chapter 1 Verse number 1." He wrote that a few years ago after he'd learned to write. His father's name was Franklin.
His mother told him that he was their punishment. Hers and his father's; from God, for having sex--
You see, Karl, growing up, only knew that sex was wrong and that people who did it should be killed for it. He couldn't really read but, well, neither could his mother. But, his father made sure that his mother knew what the Bible said. And she made sure Karl knew. You know he slept in a hole in the ground under a toolshed, right?
Melvin, go get Karl and take him down to the old classroom.
I don't know what to tell you. I'm sorry. I made myself pretty clear I thought. He probably got busy and wasn't thinking. I know how that is. I used to teach shop and eighth grade science.
The other thing is I told your boss on the phone to send a man. Karl won't talk to women.
Karl's real sensitive about having his picture made. He wouldn't even be on the bulletin board for the Easter Collage.  Melvin, would you get me a good hot cup with two sugar substitutes? You girls want some coffee?
I think there must have been a little mix up. I told your sponsor or teacher or whatever he is, there couldn't be any pictures. It's s'posed to be just a little story or article or something, isn't that right?
Y'all have a seat. Is this all of you?
My name's Jerry Woolridge.
