I didn't have the heart.
Li Mu Bai is coming to stay the night.
How's the arm?  Still sore?
Take my horse and go to the compound. Give this to Mrs. Wu.  She'll help you.  Hurry!
You can't die!  Tell us what poison you used!  You can't die!  Tell us the antidote!  You can't let Li Mu Bai die!
Without the Green Destiny, you are nothing.
Don't touch it!  That's Li Mu Bai's sword.
How dare you accuse us?  I always knew you had stolen the sword! I've done nothing but protect you and your family.  And you're repaid me with nothing but contempt.  Li Mu Bai himself spared you, and all you do is insult him.  We wanted some peace and you've ruined it all! You're no sister of mine!
Li Mu Bai has made arrangements. He sent him to Wudan Mountain.
He really loves you.  Come back to Peking with me.  We'll find a solution.
Go back to them first.  Then you can decide about Lo.
Look at the trouble you've caused. Now you know what Giang Hu life is really like.  If you think of me as your sister, let me give you some sisterly advice.  You can run from marriage, but not your parents.
I'll give them to you.
Here you must be in proper attire.
Yes, from the West.  He went undercover and and followed her here,
Then as a sister, let me wish you happiness in your marriage.
I am not an aristocrat, as you are... but I must still respect a woman's duties.
His name was Meng Si Zhao.  He was a brother to Li Mu Bai by oath. One day, while in battle, he was killed by the sword of Li Mu Bai's enemy.  After, Li Mu Bai and I went through a lot together.  Our feelings for each other grew stronger.  But how could we dishonor Meng's memory?  So the freedom you talk about, I too desire it.  But I have never tasted it.
Yes.  Did you know I was once engaged to be married?
Do you think so?  Let me tell you a story.
You are fornuate to marry into such a noble family.
Thank you for seeing me.  I hear your wedding day is near.  You must be overwhelmed by the preparations.
You write gracefully.  Calligraphy is so similar to fencing.
You're doing calligraphy?
How so?
You're probably right.
What do you think?
So I heard.  Congratulations.  It's the most important step in a woman's life, isn't it?
Sure.  No place to bathe for days, sleeping in flea-infested beds... They tell you all about that in those books?
Writers wouldn't sell many books if they told how it really is.
Fighters have rules too: friendship, trust, integrity... Without rules, we wouldn't survive for long.
Yes, I am.  But I prefer the machete.  Certain moves, however, call for a sword.
You're too young to understand.
My friend Li Mu Bai.  He's given it to Sir Te as a gift.
Beautiful but dangerous.  Once you see it tainted with blood, its beauty is hard to admire.  It's 400 years old.
The handle is heavy.  And the blade is no ordinary metal.  Still, the sword is the lightest of weapons. You're just not used to handling it.
Use it to meditate.  Free yourself from this world as you have been taught.  Let your soul rise to eternity with your last breath.  Do not waste it... for me.
Save your strength.
Mu Bai, hold on.  Give me some hope...
That can't be!  Everything has an antithesis!  Why not this?
We followed Jade Fox.
What happened?
Not a bad idea.  Tonight we'll get a good night's sleep at headquarters.
What about you?
To repress one's feelings only makes them stronger.
Not everything is an illusion.  My hand... wasn't that real?
Don't you want to see her again.
You think Jade Fox will show up?
I wish there were something more I could do to help you.
It's not our affair.  Even if Wudan accepts her, her husband might object.
But Wudan does not accept women.
She's an aristocrat's daughter. She's not one of us.  In any case, it will all be over soon.  You'll kill Fox, and she'll marry.
I knew she would intrigue you.
My job was to get the sword back, without embarassing anyone.  I wasn't about to ruin her life, or her father's.
But it's not your sword anymore. You gave it to Sir Te.
Then, why did you come?
What do you mean?  Didn't you come back here for it?
No, I'd already sent them home. You can blame me for losing the sword, but please trust that I'll get it back soon using my own methods.
No, not yet...
It was Bo, Sir Te's man.  I hear he followed the thief to the Yus'.
No.
Be careful.  Sir Te requires discretion.  Official business is difficult enough.  Don't let personal feelings make it worse. And I don't know... even this poster... could be some sort of trap.
Is there any place safer than under the nose of Governor Yu?
You always suspected she'd fled to the West.
But something is going on at the Yu household.
Join me once you have finished.  I can wait for you in Peking.
Come with me to Peking.  You can give the sword to Sir Te yourself. It'll be just like old times.
So what will you do now?
You use it justly, you're worthy of it.
I don't understand.  How can you part with it?  It has always been with you.
The Green Destiny Sword?  You're giving it to Sir Te?
We're preparing a convoy for a delivery to Peking.
What was it?
You were enlightened?
Why?  You're a Wudan fighter. Training is everything.
The mountain must be so peaceful... I envy you.  My work keeps me so busy, I hardly get any rest.
Monk Zheng said you were at Wudan Mountain.  He said you were practicing deep meditation.
Good.  And how are you?
Mu Bai...It's been too long.
I doubt it.  This thief... it very unusual...
Yes.  The very killer of Li Mu Bai's own master.  Last night, she killed a policeman who had tracked her down.
No mercy will be shown toward the murderer who turned up in Peking.
Sir Te knows that even well-meaning people can make mistakes... that can bring ruin to themselves and their families.
We know who stole the missing item. If the thief returns it, I'm sure Sir Te will pursue the matter no further.
I'm sorry she's not feeling well enough to receive you today.
The best way to trap a fox is through her cubs.
Sir Te, can you find some excuse to invite Madam Yu and her daughter?
We must be careful.  Governor Yu is a court official, and in charge of security.  Any disturbance will cast suspicion on him.  It might get Sir Te in trouble.
But the sword could be in his compound.
Has Governor Yu ever seen the sword?
I beg your pardon.  Li Mu Bai and I aren't cowards.
I don't know...
Please, Sir Te, what is it?
You've always been so good to Li Mu Bai and me.  Please accept our thanks.
Sir Te!  It has brought him as much trouble as glory.  Help him to leave these troubles behind. Otherwise, he'll never be able to start anew.
