That's what they call a family problem.
Mrs. -- Thorwald's -- clothes. -- Clean -- carefully packed -- not too stylish -- but presentable.
When the lock is broken -- yes.
Get that idea out of your mind. It will only lead you in the wrong direction.
Namely?
If that ring checks out, we'll give him an escort. So long.
Maybe you won't need it. I'll run it down, Jeff.
Where'd they take Lisa?
You think perhaps it was "old hambone?"
Like an old hambone?
A possibility.
Like what?
I told you that --
Your Lisa?
Look Jeff, don't louse up my night with another man killer stuffing a grisly trunk that turns out to be --
This is Doyle, Jeff.
The police Department at Merritsville. They called to report. The trunk was just picked up -- by Mrs. Anna Thorwald.
Oh -- that phone call!  I gave them your number -- hope you don't mind.
If I'd been careful piloting that reconnaissance plane, you wouldn't have taken the kind of pictures that got you a medal, a big job, fame, money --
Your logic is backward.
And how many people did you cut up with the couple of with it? Or hundred knives you've probably owned in your lifetime?
Did you ever own a saw?
You figured that out, huh?
You sure it belongs to his wife?
Jewelry?
You think he's getting out of here?
Mrs. Thorwald.
Oh -- I almost forgot!
Ever get an answer?
How did we ever stand each other in that same plane for three years?
One thing I don't need is heckling! You called and asked me for help -- and now you're acting like a taxpayer!
A detective's nightmare.
I can hear myself starting out. "Your Honor -- I have a friend who's an amateur sleuth, an one night, after a heavy supper --"  He'd throw the New York State Penal Code right in my face. -- And it's six volumes.
At the risk of sounding stuffy, Jeff -- I'll remind you of the Constitution, and the phrase "search warrant" issued by a judge who knows the Bill of Rights verbatim. He must ask for evidence.
Now don't get me mad! Even a detective can't walk in anybody's apartment and search it. If I were ever caught in there, I'd lose my badge inside of ten minutes!
I can't do it even if he's gone.
I can't do that.
If possible -- both.
I hate to remind you -- but this all started because you said she was murdered. Now did anyone, including you, actually see her murdered?
Jeff -- huh?
The superintendent met Thorwald coming back. He said Thorwald told him he had just put his wife on the train for the country.
The building superintendent, and two tenants. Flat statements -- no hesitation. And they all jibed to the letter. The Thorwalds were leaving for the railroad station.
Who left -- where?
Feel a little foolish?
Too bad. The Thorwalds were just leaving the apartment house at that time.
Six ayem.
-- until yesterday morning.
She never left the apartment --
He has a six months lease, and has used up a little over five and a half months of it.  Quiet. Drinks, but not to drunkenness. Pays his bill promptly, with money earned as a consume jewelry salesman -- wholesale. Keeps to himself, and none of the neighbors got close to him, or his wife.
By the way  what happened to your leg?
We know the wife is gone. I'll see if I can find out where.
I -- uh -- won't report it to the Department. Let me poke into a little on my own. No point in you getting any ridiculous publicity.
You told me.  I've got to run, Jeff.
His wife took a trip.
I think you saw something -- that probably has a very simple explanation.
Almost everything's been done -- under panic. But this is a thousand to one shot. That man's still sitting around his apartment; he isn't panicked.
You've got a lot to lean about homicide, Jeff. Morons have committed murder so shrewdly that it took a hundred trained police minds to catch them. That salesman wouldn't just knock off his wife after dinner, toss her in a trunk and put her in storage.
It's too stupid and obvious a way to murder -- in full view of fifty windows -- and then sit over there --  -- smoking a cigar -- waiting for the police to pick him up.
I'll admit it all has a mysterious sound -- but is could mean a number of different things. Murder is the least likely.
You didn't see the killing, or the body? How do you know there was a murder?
