He has it. Thank you.
Well, if he calls in, tell him to get in touch with L. B. Jefferies right away. I might have quite a surprise for him.
Oh. When are they expected home?
This is L. B. Jefferies, a friend of Tom's. Who am I talking with?
Just don't dally. Thorwald knows he's being watched. He won't hang around long.
Precinct Six. I sent a friend over with bail money.
In sections! And one other thing, doubting Tom -- it just occurred to me that all the calls Thorwald made were long distance! If he called his wife the day she left -- after she arrived in Merritsville -- why did she need to send him a postcard saying she'd arrived?
I don't know what pet name Thorwald had for his wife. And that night he went out half a dozen times with the metal suitcase. He wasn't taking his possessions, because they're up in his apartment now!
A fact! Last night he killed a dog for pawing in his garden. Why? Because he had something buried in there. Something a dog could scent.
Like Mrs. Thorwald's wedding ring. If that woman were still alive, she'd be wearing it.
I know what you told me! She went in to get evidence, and she came out with it.
My Lisa. She went into Thorwald's apartment, and he came back. The only way I could get her out was to call the police.
Listen to me! Lisa's been arrested.
Tom, I've got something real big for you.
Jefferies.
That depends on who "they" were.
All the things I hate.
But I'm not a killer!
Well, in the garage, back home, we --
That wasn't Mrs. Thorwald who left with him yesterday morning?
He has his wife's jewelry hidden in among his clothes over there.
Everything he owns is laid out on the bedroom, ready for packing.
Enough to scare me that you wouldn't get here in time, and we'd lose him.
Is -- is Anna -- who I think it is?
Forget the story -- find the trunk. Mrs. Thorwald's in it!
Yeah -- frequently -- it ran something like this: "Your request for transfer turned down --"
You know, every day for three years I asked myself that same question?
What do you need before you can search -- bloody footsteps leading up to the door?
By morning there might not be anything left to find in his apartment.
Give him evidence.
Just make sure you're not caught. If you find something, you've got a murderer and nobody will care about a couple of house rules. If you find nothing -- he's clear.
What's the matter? Does he have a courtesy card from the police department?
I mean when he goes out for a paper, or a drink, or something. What he doesn't know won't hurt him.
Well then do a good job of it! Get over there, and search Thorwald's apartment! It must be knee-deep in evidence.
Doyle -- are you interested in solving a case, or making me look foolish?
Well -- what good is his information?!! It's a second-hand version of an unsupported statement by the murderer himself -- Thorwald! Anybody actually see the wife get on the train?
A very convenient guy -- this superintendent. Have you checked his bank deposits lately?
Now how could anybody guess that? They had, perhaps, signs on their luggage, "Grand Central Or Bust!"?
The Thorwalds -- at six in the morning?
Who said they left then?
Not yet.
I think that's about the time I fell asleep.
What time?
Then where is she -- in the ice box?
I think they missed their chance with her.
I was jaywalking.
Do that.
Thanks.
All right -- you don't believe me.
She -- was -- an -- invalid!
For instance?
You think I made all this up?
I'll bet it's been done.
Well, officer -- do your duty.
Go ahead, Doyle -- tell me he's an unemployed magician -- amusing the neighborhood with sleight-of-hand.
Because everything that man's done has been suspicious. Trips at night in the rain, saws, knives, trunks with rope, and a wife that isn't there any more.
That's more like it. Goodnight, old buddy.
I don't care where it goes -- just as long as I'm on it.
The word is "everything." Now what time does my plane leave Tuesday?
It's me.
Gunnison?
Next time, have some good news.
Yeah? Maybe in the high rent districts they discuss -- but in my neighborhood, they still nag.
Can you see me -- rushing home to a hot apartment every night to listen to the automatic laundry, the electric dishwasher, the garbage disposal and a nagging wife.
I'll -- I'll get married. Then I'll never be able to go anywhere.
Listen -- if you don't pull me out of this swamp of boredom -- I'll do something drastic.
I've been taking pictures so long I don't know how to read anymore.
You've got to get me out of here! Six weeks -- sitting in a two-room apartment with nothing to do but look out the window at the neighbors!
You asked for something dramatically different! You got it!
Swell. I get myself half-killed for you -- and you reward me by stealing my assignments.
Stop sounding stuffy. I'll take pictures from a jeep. From a water buffalo if necessary.
Okay. When do I leave? Half-hour? An hour?
Didn't I tell you! Didn't I tell you it was the next place to watch?
Where?
Yeah. I sure feel sorry for you, Gunnison. Must be rough on you thinking of me wearing this cast another whole week.
Wrong week. Next Wednesday I emerge from this plaster cocoon.
Gunnison -- how did you get to be such a big editor -- with such a small memory?
Who said I was getting rid of it?
For what?
Jefferies.
I can't. The police have it by now.
No.
That's a start. I'm at the Brevoort now. I'll be looking for you.
Now stop wasting time, Thorwald, or I'll hang up and call the police.
For a little business meeting -- to settle the estate of your late wife.
I'll give you a chance to find out. Meet me in the bar at the Brevoort -- and do it right away.
Well -- did you get it, Thorwald?
Did you get my note?
What about the rest?
Thirty-three here. Totals one-ninety. Not enough.
First offense burglary --  -- probably two-fifty.  The piggy bank.
One hundred and twenty-seven.
To bail Lisa out of jail.
Stella -- how long do you think he'll stay there?
That'll get her out of there, won't it?
Smart girl.
There's no point in taking unnecessary chances.  Give me the phone book, Lisa.
Now wait a minute --
No.
What are you two talking about?
You don't say! I might just take that compliment as an insult.
Then I wouldn't worry too much. But let's keep an eye on her.
Would four of them -- ?
You can tell that from here?
What?
I have a feeling we've just begun.
Look!
There's a dip at this end. And since when do flowers grow shorter in two weeks?
And digging in.  Look at that flower bed.
Uh-uh. The dog. I think I know now why Thorwald killed it.
I'll watch the alleyway -- in case it goes that way.
Oh. Well, yes and no. It wasn't an official call. He's just a friend.  An old, ornery friend.
Huh?
Stella, I -- I can't tell you what a welcome sight this is. No wonder your husband's still in love with you.
Uh-huh.
It's not an ordinary look. It's the kind of look a man gives when he's afraid somebody might be watching him.
Get back there! He'll see you!
No. The shades are still drawn in their apartment.
Sometimes it's worse to stay than it is to run.
He was taking something out of the apartment. I'm certain.
Now what could he sell at three in the morning?
It's hard to figure. He went out several time last night, in the rain carrying his sample case.
Well, the salesman could be available soon.
And some man will lose his.
Speaking of misery, Miss Lonely Hearts drank herself to sleep again. Alone.
She's real eat, drink and be merry girl.
Depends one which one.
I was.
How did you know!
She pay you much?
That's fine, Stella. Now would you make me a sandwich?
People have different emotional levels that --
We've progressed emotionally in --
There's an intelligent way to approach marriage.
That's the hard part.
The only honest thing to do is call it off. Let her look for somebody else.
Probably. But when I do, it'll be to someone who thinks of life as more than a new dress, a lobster dinner, and the latest scandal. I need a woman who'll go anywhere, do anything, and love it.
Can you see her tramping around the world with a camera bum who never has more than a week's salary in the bank?  If only she was ordinary.
It's very simple. She belongs in that rarefied atmosphere of Park Avenue, expensive restaurants, and literary cocktail parties.
Too perfect. Too beautiful, too talented, too sophisticated, too everything -- but what I want.
She's just not the girl for me.
Stella!
No.
She's all right.
I'm not ready for marriage.
I don't want to.
She expects me to marry her.
Lisa Fremont.
Don't you ever heat that stuff up.
How can you tell that from a thermometer!
Right now I'd even welcome trouble.
Stella -- in economics, a kidney ailment has no relationship to the stock market. Absolutely none.
How?
Readers' Digest, April, 1939.
Goodnight, Mrs Doyle.
He knows.  Don't worry, Tess. It's a man.
Tell him not to waste time calling. To get over here soon as he can. I think Thorwald's pulling out tonight.
I'm afraid it is, Tess.
You haven't even heard from him?
Jeff again.  Has Tom come in yet?
Mrs. Doyle?
Think you've got enough for a search warrant now?
Lisa -- I -- I -- can't tell you how scared I was that you -- you might --
Chelsea 2-7099.  We scared him once. Maybe we can scare him again.  I'm using that word "we" a little too freely, I guess. I don't take any of the chances.
I'll try to give you at least fifteen minutes.
Maybe I can get Thorwald out of the apartment.
Now hold on. I'm not a bit squeamish about what might be under those flowers -- but I don't care to watch two women end up like that dog --
Suppose Mrs. Thorwald's wedding ring was among the jewelry he has in the handbag.  During that phone conversation he held up three rings -- one with a diamond -- one with a big stone of some kind -- and one plain gold band.
Too close.
Something's in there. Those flowers have been taken up, and put back again.
I know. But there's one important change. The flowers in Thorwald's pet flower bed.
Well?
He's washing down the bathroom walls.
Do you think this was worth waiting all day to see?
In the whole courtyard, only one person didn't come to the window.
For a minute, Doyle almost had me convinced I was wrong.
Well, -- if there was one less thread this way --  -- and two less that way --  -- I might give up bachelorhood.
Thank you.
No, Lisa -- I don't think he did.
I think I'll start reviving it tomorrow, with say -- Miss Torso for a start?
Huh?
Of course, they have the same chance. They can look at me like a bug under glass, if they want to.
Do you suppose it's ethical to watch a man with binoculars, and a long- focus lens -- until you can see the freckles on the back of his neck, and almost read his mail -- do you suppose it's ethical even if you prove he didn't commit a crime?
Who was the trunk addressed to?
You mean -- like the kitchen? And make us some coffee?
But he never ends up marrying her. Strange.
The same girl who keeps him out of the clutches of seductive show girls, and over-passionate daughters of the rich.
Staying the night here, uninvited.
You are. You have a talent for creating difficult situations.
From his landlord -- once a month.
I'd be no better than Thorwald, to refuse.
That's a suitcase?
Lisa, I won't be able to give you any --
Well that's fine, but I only have one bed, and --
You'll have to clear that through my landlord --
We have all -- what?
Don't be too hard on him. He's a steady worker. I wish he'd get there, though.
Still -- those witnesses.
That's what the witnesses told him.
I'm with you, sweetie, but Detective Thomas J. Doyle has a pat answer for that.
Inside stuff?
Do they hide it in their husband's clothes?
Because she didn't know she was going on a trip -- and where she was going she wouldn't need a handbag.
Lisa -- I can't guess what you're thinking.
What doesn't?
Something on your mind, Lisa?
Not a word. He was going to check on the railroad station, and the trunk. He must be still on it.
Thinking about Thorwald?
Not yet!
He will. All his things are still piled on the bed.
I don't know.
I never saw him ask her for advise before.  But she volunteered plenty.
He had it hidden in the dresser! Well, at least it was in there. He took it out, went to the phone and called somebody long distance. -- His wife's jewelry was in the handbag. And something about it worried him. He was asking somebody advice over the phone.
That alligator bag his wife had on the bedpost --
He was just laying all his things out on one of the beds! Coats, suits, shirts, sox, even his wife's --
To get on home.
What's the apartment house number?
Okay, Lisa -- probably you're right. He's probably in the bedroom now, entertaining his wife with the indian rope trick. I'll admit to criminal insanity. Now when do I start the cure?
No comment.
That's where he's being clever. Acting nonchalant.
Yeah.
What are you getting at?
It's pretty hard to stay away from that word isn't is?
There is -- I've seen things through that window! Bickering, family fights, mysterious trips at night, knives, saws, rope -- and since last evening, not a sight or sound of his wife! Now you tell me where she is and what she's doing!
Lisa, please!
Where's the doctor -- the undertakers?
I want to find out what's wrong with the salesman's wife. Does that make me sound like a madman?
You'd better before you catch the disease!
Do you think I consider this recreation?
Now, Lisa --
What do you think?
Lisa -- there's something terribly wrong.
Why hasn't he gone into his wife's bedroom all day?
What's interesting about a butcher's knife and a small saw wrapped up in a newspaper?
Not that salesman's wife. And why didn't he go to work today?
Why would a man leave his apartment three times, on a rainy night, with a suitcase? And come back three times?
So do I.
Don't you ever have any problems?
I'm not exactly on the other side of the room.
Can't we just sort of keep things status quo?
You mean "goodnight."
There's nothing wrong with you, Lisa. You have the town in the palm of your hand.
Right now, it doesn't seem so.
If anything, I'm making it sound good.  Let's face it, Lisa... you aren't made for that kind of a life. Few people are.
Huh? Try and find a raincoat in Brazil. Even when it isn't raining  Lisa, on this job you carry one suitcase. Your home is the available transportation. You sleep rarely, bathe even less, and sometime the food you even look at when they were alive!
Well, they'd be very stylish in Finland -- just before you froze to death. Begin to get the idea?
Those high heels would be a lot of use in the jungle -- and those nylons and six-ounce lingerie --
Ever get shot at, run over, sandbagged at night because people got unfavorable publicity from your camera?
You might have to, if you went with me. Ever try to keep warm in a C-54, at fifteen thousand feet, at twenty below zero?
Did you ever eat fish heads and rice?
Lisa! Shut up!
Lisa, simmer down -- will you?
All right. That's your opinion. You're entitled to it, but --
Some people can. Now if you'll let me explain --
There's nothing I'm hiding. It's just that --
No wonder he's having so much trouble with it.
Oh... some songwriter. In the studio apartment. Lives alone. Probably had an unhappy marriage.
How can you tell that -- from here?
Well, she picked the most prosperous looking one.
Not exactly -- but we have a little apartment here that's probably about as popular as yours.  You, of course, remember Miss Torso.
Miss Lonely Hearts. At least that's something you'll never have to worry about.
Let's not talk any more nonsense, huh?
That's what I'm afraid of.  Could you see me -- driving down to the fashion salon in a jeep -- wearing combat boots and a three day beard?
For what?
You mean leave the magazine?
I wish there was one I wanted.
How could I run it from say -- Pakistan?
That's good news.
Tell me -- what was Slim Hayward wearing?
Tired?
Yeah -- I want to get this thing off and get moving.
Fine. Corkscrew's on the right.
You have, perhaps, an ambulance outside?
Now that's no way to spend your hard- earned money!
Picked it up in Shanghai -- which has also seen better days.
Hasn't been any big demand for tickets.
It's just a run-of-the-mill Monday. The calendar's loaded with them.
Something big going on somewhere?
Who buys them? Tax collectors?
That dress should be listed on the stock exchange.
Depends on the quote. Let's see -- there's the plane tickets over, import duties, hidden taxes, profit markups --
The Lisa Fremont who never wears the same dress twice?
Uh-huh.
Not too active.
Empty as a football.
Mmmm -- hurts a little.
Chelsea 2-5598.
L. B. Jefferies.
A man is assaulting a woman at one two five west ninth street. Second floor rear. Make it fast.
