I would say that is looked as if she wasn't coming back.
Didn't you take it to the crime lab?
Of course, it's normal for a man to tie his trunk up with a heavy rope.
Like disposing of their wives?
It was in her favorite handbag -- And, Mr. Doyle, that can lead to only one conclusion.
Shut up. I'm all right.
Get an ambulance.  Don't move. Try to lie still.
Shall we vote him in, Stella?
How?
What for?
Jeff, if you're squeamish, just don't look.
And the last thing she'd leave behind would be her wedding ring!  Do you ever leave yours at home?
Wasn't that close?
It could be -- the knife, and the saw.
It's just a picture of the backyard, that's all.
Is he cleaning house?
But you're not?
Do you like it?
I'll rephrase the question.
Did Mr. Doyle think I stole this case.
Whatever happened to that old saying "Love Thy Neighbor."
You and me with long faces -- plunged into despair -- because we find out that a man didn't kill his wife. We're two of the most frightening ghouls I've ever known.
Jeff -- if anybody walked in here, I don't think they'd believe what they see.
I'm not much on rear window ethics.
I hate funny exit lines.
Exactly what I had in mind -- along with some brandy.
Weird.  Why don't I slip into something comfortable?
The same.
Surprise -- is the most important element of attack.  And beside, you're not up on your private eye literature. When they're in trouble, it's always their Girl Friday who gets them out of it.
I do?
It's utterly beautiful.  I wish I could be creative.
I'll trade you -- my feminine intuition for a bed for the night.
A Mark Cross overnight case, anyway. Compact, but ample enough.
You said I'd have to live out of one suitcase  I'll bet yours isn't this small?
Say anything else, and I'll stay tomorrow night too.
I have the whole weekend off.
Night. I'm going to stay with you.
Don't rush me. We have all night.
I'd like to see your friend's face when we tell him. He doesn't sound like much of a detective.
We'll agree they saw a woman -- but she wasn't Mrs. Thorwald. -- That is, yet.
Well, I have a pat rebuttal for Mr. Doyle -- that couldn't be Mrs. Thorwald -- or I don't know women.
That Mrs. Thorwald left at six ayem yesterday with her husband?
Basic equipment. You don't leave it behind in your husband's drawer in your favorite handbag.
They do not! And they don't leave it behind them. A woman going anywhere but the hospital would always take makeup, perfume and jewelry.
But only her husband would know that.  And the jewelry! Women don't keep all their jewelry in a purse, all tangled, getting scratched and twisted up.
A woman has a favorite handbag -- it always hangs on her bedpost where she can get at it. Then she takes a trip and leaves it behind. Why?
Women aren't that unpredictable.
It doesn't make sense to me.
And you, and you friend Doyle --  Did you hear from him again -- since he left?
All day long I've tried to keep my mind on work.
Well, I guess it's safe to put on some lights now.
Suppose he doesn't come back again?
I wonder where he's going now?
Someone not his wife?
What about it?
It doesn't seem to be in any hurry.
All right -- but what's he doing now?
Okay, chief. What's my next assignment.
125 West Ninth Street.
The name on the second floor rear mailbox reads Mr. And Mrs. Lars, that's L-A-R-S, Lars Thorwald.
Don't you see how silly you're being?
And that's where you're not being clever. He wouldn't parade his crime in front of the open shades.
Jeff, do you think a murderer would let you see all that? That he shouldn't keep his shades down and hide behind them?
You could see that he did because he had the shades in his apartment up, and walked along the corridor, and the streets and the backyard?
You could see all the things he did, couldn't you?
Maybe he's leaving his wife. I don't know, and I don't care. Lots of people have saws, knives and ropes around their houses. Lots of men don't speak to their wives all day. Lots of wives nag, and men hate them, and trouble starts -- but very, very, very few of them end up in murder -- if that's what you're thinking.
There's nothing to see.
She could be under sedatives, sleeping.  He's in the room now.
Maybe she died.
A lot of things. She's an invalid who needs constant care -- and yet the husband nor anyone else has been in there all day.
What makes you think something's wrong with her?
What is it you're looking for?
I don't know what you consider it -- but if you don't stop it, I'm getting out of here.
Sitting around, looking out a window to kill time, is one thing -- but doing it the way you are --  -- with, with binoculars, and with wild opinions about every little movement you see -- is, is diseased!
Jeff -- if you could only see yourself.
Something too frightful to utter.
I wouldn't dare answer that.
Nothing, thank heaven.
Homework. It's more interesting.
He likes the way his wife welcomes him home.
Tell me about it.
I have one now.
Your mind is. And when I want a man, I want all of him.
Without any future?
I mean what I said.
Not quite -- it seems.  Goodbye, Jeff.
And it's deflating to find out that the only way I can be part of it -- is to take out a subscription to your magazine. I guess I'm not the girl I thought I was.
You don't think either one of us could ever change?
Jeff, you don't have to be deliberately repulsive just to impress me I'm wrong.
Three.
Oh, I do that all the time. Whenever I have a few minutes after lunch.
Of course not.
You can't fit in here -- I can't fit in there. According to you, people should be born, live an die on the same --
It's ridiculous for you to say that it can only be done by a special, private little group of anointed people.
What is it but traveling from one place to another, taking pictures? It's just like being a tourist on an endless vacation.
It doesn't make sense to me. What's so different about it here from over there, or any place you go, that one person couldn't live in both places just as easily?
If you're saying all this just because you don't want to tell me the truth, because you're hiding something from me, then maybe I can understand --
Almost as if it were being written especially for us.
I think it's enchanting.
You said it resembled my apartment, didn't you?
She's not in love with him -- or any of them.
Oh? You can see my apartment all the way up on 63rd street?
That's what is know as "manless melancholia."
I could see you looking handsome and successful in a dark blue flannel suit.
Don't laugh. -- I could do it!
For yourself -- and me.  I could get you a dozen assignments tomorrow... fashion, portraits --
Yes.
Make the one you want.
Jeff -- isn't it time you came home? You could pick your assignment.
Someday you might want to open up your own studio here.
You can't buy that kind of publicity.
She looked very cool. She had on a mint green --
Not a bit. I was all morning in a sales meeting. Then over to the Waldorf for a quick drink with Madame Dufresne -- just over from Paris. With some spy reports. Back to the "21" for lunch with the Harper's Bazaar people -- that's when I ordered dinner. Then two Fall showings -- twenty blocks apart. Then I had to have a cocktail with Leland and Slim Hayward -- we're trying to get his next show.  Then I had to dash back and change.
What a day I've had!
Well, I'm going to make this a week you'll never forget.
I couldn't think of anything more boring and tiresome than what you've been through. And the last week must be the hardest.
Big enough?
What would you think of starting off with dinner at the "21"?
I wanted to, Jeff.  Oh!
It's cracked -- and you never use it. And it's too ornate. I'm sending up a plain, flat silver one -- with just your initials engraved.
It's opening night of the last depressing week of L. B. Jefferies in a cast.
Going on right here. It's a big night.
We sell a dozen a day in this price range.
-- A steal at eleven hundred dollars.
Only because it's expected of her.
Anything else bothering you?
And you love life?
And your stomach?
How's your leg?
