When those cops get a look at Miss Fremont -- they'll even contribute.
I got twenty or so in my purse. Give me what you've got.
Ten here.
How much do you think you'll need?
What do you need money for?
Unless he's dumber than I think, he won't wait 'til his lease is up.
When you took your first snapshot -- did you ever think it would bring you to this?
Smart? She'll be arrested!
What's she trying to do? Why doesn't she turn him in?
You know, Miss Fremont -- he might just have something there.
There's probably one in the basement.
Got a shovel?
You know? You might not be too bad a bargain for Lisa after all.
No -- but it makes the rest easy to take. And she's reading the Bible.
I handled enough of those red pills to put everybody in New Jersey asleep for the winter.
Miss Lonely Hearts just laid out something that looks like sodium trieckonal capsules.
I wonder.
Thank heaven that's over!
You shouldn't have let her do that! If he ever --
There's something buried there.
You mean the one the dog was sniffing around?
Mrs. Thorwald?
I'm just going to get the name of their truck!
You called the police?
Police?
Goodbye, Mr. Jefferies. I'll see you tomorrow.
I'm not shy. I've been looked at before.
A Federal offense.
In this heat?  They're up now.
What about this morning? Any developments?
But it takes a particularly low type of man to do it.
His personal effects. He's probably running away -- the coward.
Flashlights. Luminous dials for watches. House numbers that light up.
Isn't he a salesman?
He and his wife splitting up?
Isn't there anyone in the neighborhood who might cast an eye in her direction?
Poor girl. Someday she'll find her happiness.
And she'll end up fat, alcoholic and miserable.
Keep your mind off her.
What'll you do if one of them catches you?
Eyes bloodshot. Must have been staring out the window for hours.
The insurance Company would be a lot happier if you slept in your bed, not the wheelchair.
Okay -- but I'm going to spread some common sense on the bread. Lisa Fremont's loaded to her fingertips with love for you. I'll give you two words of advice. Marry her.
When I married Myles, we were both maladjusted misfits. We still are. And we've loved every minute of it.
Ask for trouble and you get it. Why there's a good boy in my neighborhood who went with a nice girl across the street for three years. Then he refused to marry her. Why? -- Because she only scored sixty-one on a Look Magazine marriage quiz!
Baloney! Once it was see somebody, get excited, get married -- Now, it's read books, fence with four syllable words, psychoanalyze each other until you can't tell a petting party from a civil service exam
Intelligence! Nothing has caused the human race more trouble. Modern marriage!
Look, Mr. Jefferies. I'm not educated. I'm not even sophisticated. But I can tell you this -- when a man and a woman see each other, and like each other -- they should come together -- wham like two taxies on Broadway. Not sit around studying each other like specimens in at bottle.
I can just hear you now. "Get out of here you perfect, wonderful woman! You're too good for me!"
You're never going to marry?
People with sense can belong wherever they're put.
Is what you want something you can discuss?
She's only perfect.
It's happened before, you know! Some of the world's happiest marriage have started 'under the gun' you might say.
Her father loading up the shotgun?
Behind every ridiculous statement is always hidden the true cause.  What is it? You have a fight?
Nonsense. A man is always ready for marriage -- with the right girl. And Lisa Fremont is the right girl for any man with half a brain, who can get one eye open.
That's abnormal.
That's normal.
You must be kidding. A beautiful young woman, and you a reasonably healthy specimen of manhood.
Gives your circulation something to fight.  What kind of trouble?
I knew it!
Those sultry sun-worshipers you watch haven't raised your temperature one degree in four weeks.
You've got a hormone deficiency.
It crashed, didn't it?
I predicted it.
Well, I only quote from the best.
