Show me.
The young woman at the front said you might know where he is.
We are with the Police Department. This is Sergeant Sykes, and I am--
You are Cassandra?
You look very good.
You understand that.  But how many others will?
Because... because of what will happen if humans see what we are capable of becoming.
We can't let him get away.
No he's not.  Not if he overdosed on the drug.  Massive amounts trigger a... a change.  Your body functions seize up, you appear to be dead, but it's really a state of incubation.  When you emerge you're...
... It's Harcourt.
No!  We must do this alone.
There!  Go back.  Down that side street.
With Harcourt and Kipling dead, I assume you will be requesting reassignment now.
Ss-ai!
Fuck procedure.
The fifty kilos, Matthew.  I have to find it.  I can't let it get out on the street.
Stay out of this, Matthew.  Tell me where the drug has been taken or I will crush your lungs against this wall.
Where is the drug?  Where have they taken it?
If the drug is here, we must destroy it.
They had months in quarantine to develop the plan.  Porter, with his chemistry background, must have somehow come up with the formula for the drug.  Hubley manufactured it -- at the refinery.  Strader, through the nightclub, established a distribution network.  And Harcourt--
I must trust you, Matthew.  I cannot stop this without you.
Your people don't know about this part of out past.  And they can't know -- It would threaten our entire existence here.
No... I am sure not.  That is why I am so concerned... someone must now be producing it here.  But none of my people know how to make it.  The process was carefully guarded.
We all did.
Like your cocaine, I suppose.  The "high" lasts several hours.  We would receive small amounts of it... as a reward for our labor.
... It is called ss'jabroka'.  To us it is a potent narcotic.
No.  I cannot involve you.  This is not your concern.
You must leave me alone on this.
Warren Hubley was in middle management at a refinery... Joshua Strader operated a successful bar and nightclub...
What was that about?
Thank you.
Stop the car!
Please, I must get out here.
Stop the car.
To the... to the beach?
She's very progressive.  I'm certain she's considering it.
She's going to divorce me.
A man, a human, was wiring it to your car.  I didn't get a good look at him.  I must call my wife...
I'm going home.
I hope you can understand how special your world is... how unique a people you humans are.  So it us all the more painful and confusing to us that so few of you seem capable of living up the the ideals you set for yourselves.
You humans are very curious to us. You invite us to live among you, in an atmosphere of equality we've never known before.  You lay before us a beautiful green world, full of freedoms and opportunities... You give us ownership of our lives for the first time... and you ask no more of us than you do of yourselves: to live by the rules... rules that aren't made to keep one people subordinate to another, but rules that exist to preserve equality.  You aspire to very high ideals here.
There is so much our two peoples don't understand about each other.
Ta ss'trakyona'...
In the other man's rectum.
Human children can be very beautiful.  Getting married?  Congratulations. You will be taking Sunday off, then...
Your home is quite disordered.  I thought perhaps you had been burglarized when I walked in.
We mate for life.  Divorce... is a strange concept to us.
You are married?
My wife?  She worries about me.
I believe he is probably lying.
When will Strader return?
Todd Watson.  The assistant manager.
Ss'trokya ss'lato 'na'.
Ss'loka'.  It means literally "small but intelligent creature".  It loses much in the translation.
Our bodies do not assimilate the nutrients if the food has been cooked.
This is mole.  It's good.
Three months.  We learn quickly.  We adapt.  It is our strength... what we were bred for, to adapt to hostile environments.
If I may make a suggestion... We have different weak spots than you do.  Next time, a blow to the nerve plexus under the arm, here, will produce the effect I think you were looking for.
In the camps, we were lodged four to a room.  The selection process was entirely random.  We did not get to stay with our friends... or families...
From quarantine, when my people first arrived here.  He and I were housed together.
Matthew, you don't have to-- .
Your mother mates out of season.
Screw you.
But I-- .
Uh, Matthew...
At the end of the bar.
Agree to work with me?  You don't like me... you don't like any of us. You have nothing but contempt for us.  And yet you become an outcast from your club of detectives by making me your partner...
Why did you do it?
We'd like to ask you about a business associate of your, Warren Hubley.
He has not been home since that day. But she told me where to find him.
She didn't know him.  But she said her son might.
A week ago two men came to see her husband.  After they left, he was very frightened.  She identified one of the men from a photo I showed her.  It was Hubley.
Mrs. Porter is not taking her husband's death well.
I believe I should interview the widow alone.
A large number of my people were hired by refineries because the methane fumes are not harmful to us. My spouse's brother is one.
Newcomers working near methane gasses at oil refineries must paint it on their boots to protect against sparks.
And still it fits?
And that fits?
What is this?
Shouldn't we examine their personal effects?
Nothing.
Yes... no, it is not unreasonable. Although I--
Well... yes, quite possibly.
What is wrong?
Yes.
The murder at the mini-mart is not our case.  The Captain said--
There was no wallet... but he was still wearing a watch and two rings.
Through the chest.  Rupturing both the primary and secondary hearts.
His body was discovered three days ago, in an alley off of Central Avenue, near downtown.
That is exactly so.  It is like your name... Sykes.  I'm sure it doesn't bother you at all that it sounds like "ss'ai k'ss", two words in my language which mean "excrement" and "cranium".
My true name is Ss'tangya T'ssorentsa'.
I am George.
Sergeant... I'd like to thank you for what you're doing.
