You okay?
I like my horizons narrow.
There's lots of things I haven't done, but his ain't high on the list.  Don't take it personally.
Not unless I got real drunk and nobody told me about it later.
The girl out front mentioned Strader's assistant, somebody named Watson.  Maybe he knows.
Does that cost extra or you throw them in?
Lay off, asshole.
I'd like to see you next to a sea of hydrochloric acid, Fedorchuk... see how much surfin' you'd do.
You don't have squat.
So what've you got on Tuggle's killers?
Move a finger, Harcourt, and you're history...
You were partners with him on some Slag -- uh, Newcomer real estate thing.
I'm Sergeant Sykes, and this is Detective Jetson, Los Angeles Police Department.
William Harcourt?
How do I look?
But there's no more drug.
Why the hell are you so dead set against back-up?
I never thought I'd say this, but -- for once in my life I think I'm willing to wait for back-up.
Tell me about it...
Harcourt is dead.
What is this?!
Do what?!  George-- ?!
What's this about, George?  I know that look.
It'd be for your own good.  I think you'd be better off with a partner who's a little more... by the book.  ... Still, I gotta tell you, George, for a quiet guy, you're sure hell on wheels once you get going.  I'd kinda hate to miss your next two days as a detective.
Shit!
nan
Why?  What's the big goddamn deal?
George, c'mon -- lighten up.  It's a beauty of a case.  Don't sweat it -- we got him by the short hairs. He ain't gonna make any more of the shit.
George, uh... you're gonna break his little chest bones...
Uh, George...
No, George -- you're missing the point.  The drug is evidence.  We need to have the evidence, ya know?
Okay, George -- we gotta play this real smart.
Harcourt was the brain who brought it all together.
George... look me in the eye... George, you don't ever lie to me again.
Jesus, this is major.  Why didn't you tell me sooner? Why'd you hold out on me?
Where did he get it?  Was there any of it on the ship?
We?  You've taken it?
How potent?
The hell it isn't, when somebody wires up enough C-4 explosive to my car to turn me into pink mist!  That Slag was on something, and not sour milk, either?  Am I right?  TELL ME!  What is it?
No secrets, goddammit!  You don't hold back from me.  Whatever is going on, you're gonna tell me now!
What's this nothing shit?  It wasn't nothing yesterday when you asked Bentner to run that test and he looked like he was about to shit peach pits, and it's not nothing now.  Don't lie to me, George, you're bad at it.
... and Porter ran a piece of shit mom-and-pop mini-mart.  So what the hell's the connection?
... So we've got three guys dead. All Newcomers, all killed the same way -- execution style.
Nothing.
It's all right, George.  It's cool. Just wait here, all right?  I'll be back in a coupla minutes.
Come on, you won't have to get near the water.
Why?
Come on, let's go, dude.  Surf's up!
Well, let's roll, George.
George, she's not gonna divorce you. You mate for life, remember?
Where'd you get this?!!
Yeah, go home.  Get some sleep.  You do sleep, don't you?
Don't count on me, George.  I never had any ideals.
No shit, Holmes.  You're only from another goddamn planet, for chrissakes.
Your health...
Sticking out of his ass... yeah! See, that's what makes it a joke. There's like a surprise, and your mind fills in the funny picture. Here's this guy with a pen stuck in his ass and he thinks it's a thermometer.  Nada, huh?
... and so, and so the doctor says, "If this is the thermometer, then where'd I leave the pen?"  You're not... you don't think that's funny?  George, work with me, I always get a laugh with that one. Look, if the doctor's got the thermometer in his hand, then where's his pen gotta be?
Maybe not... I don't know.  I'm not sure I'm gonna go.  She doesn't need her burn-out of a father there...
I appreciate your honesty, George.
It's like having an eleventh finger removed.  It hurts like hell, but you never really needed the damn thing in the first place.
Was.  Divorced.
Yeah... I know the routine.
So, she keeps you on a pretty short leash, does she?
Through his ass.  Next time you see him, tell him to call me... unless you want us to keep coming back on you like a bad case of herpes.
We were chasing you because you ran, you dumb son-of-a-bitch.
Who is he?
Yeah, that's it.  Say it slow.
And what was that one about my mother?  That was a good one.
So what was that other word for Human... Slow ka?
I'll bet.  Would it really put you out if they tossed that on the grill for a minute or two?
Which one is that?  Raw what?
I don't think I could ever learn to read that shit.  How long did it take you to learn English?
Yeah, sure.  I knew that...
How could a straight-arrow like you ever pick a roommate like him?
You know that guy?
Stay back!  I'm okay.
That's very colorful.  But see -- now I've got a problem.  I don't seem to be getting much cooperation from you, Porter.  So I guess we're gonna have to take this little session down to my office, ya know?
Tell me.
Screw me?  That can't be right.
I'll handle it.
Back off, George.
Your name wouldn't happen to be Porter, would it?
Who said that?
My partner is dead!  Because one of you bastards killed him -- then disappeared into a rathole down in Slagtown, where he's home and dry, 'cause nobody sees nothing, nobody says nothing...
Why'd I do what?
Rudyard Kipling?  No shit?  Listen, we just need a minute of your time...
Did you talk to him?
Aw-right.  What about the other guy?
Did you learn anything?
Why the hell--?!  Great, fine.  You talk to the wife.
So the Slag they're cutting into upstairs worked at a refinery just like Hubley worked at a refinery.  I'd say that "possible" connection between the two cases just got a hell of a lot more possible.  Okay, next step -- I gotta go talk to the wife of the Slag store owner blown away last night.
How the hell do you know that?
Well... Yeah, it's rubber.  It stretches.
Get the picture?
A rubber.  A condom.  You know... Coney Island whitefish?  Men, human men, put them on their, uh -- penises -- to protect against having babies.  You need this for anything?
Nothing?
What's this?  What's going on?
Great.  Well, I'm sure glad that's settled, aren't you?
Possibly.  Good.  Well, would you be willing to accept the theory, George, that... possibly... by examining the evidence from one case we might shed some small ray of light on the other?  Does that sound unreasonable to you?
Nothing's wrong.  I just want to get something straight.  You agree that there's a good chance these two shootings are somehow related, right?
Well, there's a thing about partners, about being somebody's partner.  You do for each other. And other people's rules don't mean shit.  It's the rules set up between the two of you, that's all that counts.  Understand?  Okay.  Well, my friend and partner was shot last night and I'm after the shitbag that did it.  As my partner, I'm asking you to respect me and help me find him.
Look, you want to fit in here, right?  You want to learn how to get along?
The guys at the mini-mart last night made a half-assed stab at the money in the till -- but I don't think that's what they were there for.  I think we got us a couple'a executions on our hands, George...
Terrific.  A real pillar of the community.  Was Hubley missing anything when they found him?  Was he ripped off?
Nice signal, dickwad!
With two BRI Sabot slugs in the chest.
Let's talk Hubley.
Anyway, what's it matter to you if we think it's funny, right?  Whatta you care?
Gesundheit.  You don't mind if I stick to George, do you?
Man, somebody really hung one on you!  I've heard some good ones for you guys... Humphrey Bogart, Harley Davidson.  I guess the people at immigration got a little punchy after a while, coming up with names for a quarter of a million of you. You weren't at the back of the line, were you, George?
What's that?  Look, Jetson.  Get this straight in your head.  We're not pals, we're not married, and we ain't gonna take long moonlight walks together... We're just partners.  And don't call me Sergeant.  Call me Sykes... or Matt if you have to.
... and we work my hours.  I'll do the driving, you do the paperwork. You gotta learn it so you might as well do it all.
No... two.
Only holds five.
What is it?
Don't piss him off, O'Neal.  When he gets like this, I can't control him. I've seen this before.  He got like this once -- I saw him jerk a guy's spine out and show it to him. Nothing I could do.  I hadda go throw up.
That where Anderson worked?
I think you're gonna find he's taken the rest of his life off.
Who else can I ask around here?
We think he could'a been involved, yeah.  You know him?
Well, one of the men didn't like him so much...
Can you dig up their Quarantine records in this thing?
Yeah -- we met him.  Wonderful boy... close personal friend of George's here.
Try Joshua Strader, will ya, darlin'?
Yeah, I heard of it.
One of the two men was Hubley, right?  What about the other one? Did you know him?
What's that?
Jesus, are the questions too tough for you already?  Let's try again--  Is your name Porter?
Did he find anything?
What kind of test?
You guys finished the postmortem on Strader yet?
Yeah, I'll bet.
Lucky nothing.  I had to empty my damn gun into him.
Yeah.
Fedorchuk couldn't find his ass with his hands in his back pockets.
The human?
Come on.  You got nothin' better to do, cushy county job like yours.
Granger and Pitts have one hell of a caseload... and I would have thought with Jetson here being the first Newcomer plainclothes, and Hubley's body being found over in the Newcomer community...
Departmental policy.
Captain.  I'd like to volunteer for duty with the new detective.
I'll cover you!  Get outta there!!
Get outta there!
I got him.  Don't get pinned.
Yeah, that's comforting.  Mine, too.
You got your vest?
Does that look at all suspicious to you?
Shit, if Kristin had to get married where I could afford it, we'd be holding the reception at Buddy's Burgers.
Goddammit, Tug -- I want to see Kristin get married, okay?  But--
What?
How can I go?
Hope their plumbing's the same.
