... Oh, I'm all heart, Ma'am, all heart ... Well, I let ...
Oh, not at all, I let them have twenty-five; sure aren't there four of them?
Yes, they were playing the queues outside the picture palaces of Liverpool. Scruffy young lads, lacking even the price of a jam roll. Orphans, every Paddy's son of 'em. I saw their potential at once although I had me doubts about the little fella, a savage primitive, that Ringo, but it was him what gave in first. He picked up a brick and heaved it at me and I quelled him wid one fierce flash of me eyes. "Mister, can you spare us a copper?" he said. I was disarmed by the grubby little outstretched mauler ... So, I took them under me managerial banner.
They are?
We'd be thrown out.
Eh?
He'll be pulp by now.
The police have the poor unfortunate lad in the Bridewell.
Sixpence.
Can you fix him for me?
Isn't it always the way? Picking on us little fellas.
What about all these letters?
Nothing good.
Lip reading.
That's what they want you to think. All coppers are villains.
And if they get you on the floor watch out for your brisket.
That sergeant's a body-blow veteran if ever I measured one. One of us has got to escape. I'll get the boys. Hold on son, I'll be back for you.
Keep your voice down, this lot'll paste you, just for the exercise. Oh they're a desperate crew of drippings and they've fists like matured hams for pounding defenceless lads like you.
Shush! Have they roughed you up yet?
Ringo, me old scout, they grabbed yer leg for the iron too, did they?
Where are you off to?
You're only right.
When you could be out there betraying a rich American widow or sipping palm wine in Tahiti before you're too old like me. A fine neat and trim lad the class of you should be helping himself to life's goodies before the sands run out. Being an old age pensioner's a terrible drag on a man and every second you waste is bringing you nearer the Friday queue at the Post Office.
A book!
And what's it all come to in the end?
And that lot's never happier than when they're jeering at you ... and where would they be without the steady support of your drum beat, I'd like to know.
Do you think I haven't noticed ... do you think I wasn't aware of the drift? Oh ... you poor unfortunate scuff, they've driven you into books by their cruel, unnatural treatment, exploiting your good nature.
So you <U>are</U> a man after all.
At least I've a backlog of memories, but all you've got is that book!
You're living, are you? When was the last time you gave a girl a pink-edged daisy? When did you last embarrass a sheila wid your cool appraising stare?
That's it, parading the streets ... trailing your coat ... bowling along ... living!
Parading's better!
Any old where ... but not our little Richard ... oh no! When you're not thumping them pagan skins, you're tormenting your eyes wid that rubbish!
Can you now? Aah ... sheeps' heads! You learn more by getting out there and living.
Have you no natural resources of your own? Have they even robbed you of that?
Will you ever look at him, sitting there wid his hooter scraping away at that book!
Quite right, invites to gambling dens full of easy money and fast women, chicken sandwiches and cornets of caviar, disgusting!
You see, sly villains.
I'm soldier of the Republic, you'll need the mahogany truncheon for this boyo. A nation once again.
I'll go on a hunger strike. I know your caper. The kidney punch and the rabbit-clout. The third degree and the size twelve boot ankle-tap.
You ugly, great brute you, you have sadism stamped all over your bloated British kisser.
Well, you got me here so do your worst but I'll take one of you with me.  Oh, I know your game, get me in the tiled room and out come the rubber hoses but I'll defy you still.
But I'm clean.
Who are these ruffians?... I've never seen them before in my life! ...
It's your nose, y'see. Fans are funny that way. Take a dislike to things. They'll pick on a nose...
That's right; convict without trial ... Habeas corpus.
Before you go, I think it's only fair to warn you about me Grandson ... don't let our Paul have his own way all the time, 'cos if you do he won't respect you!
I'll look after meself.
Hello.
Here, Pauly.
We've just finished, Pauly. Hey George, write us your John Henry on this picture.
Well, it may be a joke, but it's his nose. He can't help having a horrible great nose, it's the only one he's got. And his poor little head's trembling under the weight of it.
Don't mock the afflicted, Pauly.
And I take a left-handed view of life, I've got to.
Why do you always use your left hand?
You're left-handed, aren't you, Paul?
A harmless bit of fun, aah, none of you have any sense of humour left these days.
And to think me own grandson would have let them put me behind bars!
It's all taken care of. It's down on our bill.
