Well you can't stay here, Biscuit. This ain't no life for a man. Any one of these fellas would give their right arm to be in your shoes. I sure know I would.
It's 1945. It's a different world now.
Come on, Biscuit, this is good news. Your mama's gonna break down in tears when you show up on her doorstep.
These are free papers.
Don't take it so hard, Biscuit. She don't mean nothin' to him.
I'm talking about a haircut.
Biscuit, when you're done with Jangle Leg, you think you could squeeze me in?
I look good tonight. And I feel lucky, too.
Well, alright then. What do you think about this new tie?
But this is where the action is and I have to be where the action is. Look, when your old lady wanted those alligator shoes, didn't I come through for you? Ain't she stepping in style now?
Then what's the problem?
Is Spanky here?
I'm sorry, he's on medication...
Damn, I shoulda let Spanky Johnson drown you in the river when I had the chance.
Next thing, you're gonna be complaining about the seats.
If you don't eat that ice cream right now, I'm gonna strangle you until you are completely dead.
So?
Hell of a day for a ballgame, huh, Claude?
Gimme that damn thing.
Just put some mustard on it and eat it.
Why the hell not?
It's too late for plans.
Don't tell me, I don't want to hear it. It's probably all fucked up, anyway.
Are you trying to tell me after all this time you finally have a plan for busting out of here?
You're the one who said that boneyard's the only way we're getting out of here. We're gonna join all the rest of 'em soon enough. Jangle Leg, Biscuit, Goldmouth, Poker Face, Cookie, Radio -- yes sir, pick a plot and start digging...
Over to the morgue and up the hill to the cemetery. Never thought I'd admit it, Claude, but you were right.
They oughta tear that shit down and ship them Yankees cross the river to Jersey.
Well, Ruth shoulda built it a little better. Damn thing's falling to pieces. Gonna hurt somebody.
Tell me about it. Scared me at first. Then, before I could figure out what to do with it, it was gone. Imagine my disappointment.
Nurse Humphries was checking my prostate this morning. I got an erection.
He knows nobody wants to hear the truth.
I said you're soft.
That's because you're soft. Gimme the gun.
No, I'm gonna kill him --
He's got my daddy's watch, Claude. I always knew whoever took that watch killed Winston Hancock. And that was you, Mr. Pike.
I know. Simultaneously, they shake and zip. Claude bends down and picks up a bowl of gumbo, placing it on a tray next to an identical one.
I don't like it, I don't like it one bit. We shoulda taken that car when we had the opportunity. We'd be half way to New York by now.
You sure it was him?
Don't make me take them away from you.
Claude, man, I'm serious. Give me those keys.
This boat's gonna sail without you, too. I don't care if I last one day out here. At least it's one day of freedom. Now gimme those keys.
Back to New York for starters.
Come on, man, I'm starting to cramp up here.  We have the chance right here, right now, I say we go!
Then you're lucky I came along. Doesn't take a visionary to spot a golden opportunity like this. Now help me out of this trunk.
You didn't think I was gonna let you escape alone, did you?
Damn, it was getting hot in there.
You haven't driven in 40 years, you ain't even got a license. Man's taking his life in his hands, putting you behind the wheel! Where you taking him?
What the hell are you doing?
You can't fool me, Claude. I know you got something brewing.
Hey, I'm a lonely old man. I like to talk, too. So why don't we start by talking about what kind of a plan you're working on?
You and Wilkins sure are getting chummy. You two planning on going steady, or something?
You sure looked funny running for those pies, bullets flying all around you.
We're not talking, you're talking, and doing too damn much of it, if you ask me.
That was five years ago.
I didn't do if for you, anyway. I just ain't no boot-licking trusty, that's all.
After all these years of blissful silence, I almost forgot how annoying the sound of your voice can be.
Excuse me? Are you talking to me?
Then I have nothing left to say to you.
Well, if that's the way it is...
Better watch yourself Claude, before you say something you regret.
Take that back or we ain't friends no more, Claude Banks.
My daddy died in prison. He gave up hope and hung himself. What you're talking about is the same damn thing. That ain't how I'm going.
Crop duster.
I don't see you coming up with any plans.
He said they keep it parked out behind the barn. Can't be that hard to fly a plane. Lots of people do it.
One of the new kids said they're farming those acres just north of the swamp. He said he saw a crop duster flying around the place.
Make 'em throw strikes.
Let it go, Claude.
It's a pardon from the governor.
Whatever.
Damn straight. I expect those Pittsburgh Crawdads to remember that.
We're like his handlers. He can't function without us.
So, Blocker, what do you think of our boy?
Judge must have money riding on the championship.
Can't be worse than any of these other fools.
You want to hit?  Yo, Claude. Give Can't Get Right a shot.
What you're dealing with here is a complete lack of talent.
Of course, he's in the lineup. There he goes right there. Hey, Babe...!
You can starve to death for all I care. Now shut up, the game's about to start.
Give me back that hot dog. I'll eat it myself.
Ketchup? Who eats ketchup on a hot dog? Mustard's what you want.
They must be the right people. Whoa, there goes the hot dog man. Let's get a couple. Damn, that smells good. Nothing like a ballpark hot dog, huh?
Sure, it says Allie Reynolds right here in the program. He's warming up right now. Man, we're so close to the field I need cleats. How'd you get such good seats?
I don't know. Who do you want?
Hell, yes, Yankee Stadium. Bombers are playing a double-header against the Red Sox.
We're in the Bronx, my man. Hundred and Sixty First Street.
That's right, we'll get off at the next stop. The train's pulling into the station right now.
We'll just get off at the next stop.
All right, man, just settle down. We'll get outta here, Claude. We'll get outta here real soon.
Keep it together, Claude. You wake up the man, he'll shoot you for sure.
Hell, you'd probably be half way to New York by now...
I'm stuck!
I knew you wouldn't come if I didn't have a map.
Cookie didn't draw it. I did.
Absolutely. The map is very clear.
New York's a long way's off. Let's just keep moving, okay?
I said you're soft.
I don't think so, Claude. You'd just slow me down. We'd have to stop every five minutes so you could polish your silverware. There's no way around it, you're soft.
At least you're honest for once. So now you want to be my friend? Well, let me tell you something, Claude-my- shit-don't-stink-Banks. You got a lot to learn about friendship.
You know what, Claude? This whole time we've been down here, you've done nothing but think about yourself, acting like this whole thing is my fault. That plan with your cousin, did that include me?
Well, let's just think about that for a moment. He's a successful lawyer up in New York City and you're down here with a bright future in the cotton picking business. Eeny, meeny, miney, Maynard.
On your behalf. What happened to we?
We? Did I hear you say we? As I recall, you're the one who said there is no we. Guess we got some bad news in that letter, huh?
Yeah.
Cut the bullshit. What do you want, Claude?
My daddy always said when a man starts talking about the weather keep you hand on your wallet.
What do you want, Claude?
Claude.
I'm sure it don't.
Maynard Banks, Esquire. Attorney at law.
I'm not gonna forget it. What does that mean? If you've got a plan, I think I have a right to know about it. I told you my plan.
What does that mean?
You want out of this place, don't you? Don't tell me you're starting to like it here.
What I know about boats is they take you to freedom. Come on, man. I think we can do this.
That's why we won't take the train. Cookie showed me where there's a farm house. They got a boat there.
You know what I'm saying.
Cookie drew me a map to Greenville.
Wait up there, Claude. You give that guy your corn bread and the next thing you know you'll be ironing his shirts and clipping his toenails.
He just blocked it out. Nigger's crazy. He's the one who did all the stabbing. He's capable of some heinous shit.  How 'bout him down there?
I kinda lost track of how many people we killed that night. Must have been 15 or twenty -- not counting women and children. It was a real bloodbath. All that screaming...
What about you, Radio?
The fork is the least of your worries, Claude.
He does it all by himself.
Somebody just told me he wins the three-legged race every year.
I wouldn't do that if I was you.
Life?! How long is life? We were just walking back to the truck. We didn't do nothing! Fuck life!
If it wasn't for me, you'd be washing up on the beach at Coney Island right now.  "I need all my thumbs and fingers for praying and doing good."
Man, this is gonna delay everything. Spanky's gonna be pissed.
Hell with him then. If he can't share the driving, he can't ride in the truck.
Winston. His name's Winston.
My daddy's watch. This is the dude I was telling you about --
It ain't here.
He's dead.
We've still got 36 cases of rum. That's better than money.
He even got my daddy's watch.
While you were upstairs doing God's work, I was getting jack-legged by a fool with four threes.
That was mighty charitable of you, Claude. Looks like we both got fucked tonight.
So you made a generous contribution.
That jelly you were talking to right here?
Still got that ten dollars?
Here I am.
There are people down there having fun. I want to be one of them. I want you to be one of them. On Monday you can be a bank teller if you want, but tonight you're a bootlegger with a truck full of Puerto Rican rum and a fistful of cash.
What are you complaining about? It worked out. Everything's cool. Now, come on, let's head down there and see what's shaking. We deserve a little reward.
Don't get all agitated on me. I bought a bottle of rum from a couple of dudes, I heard 'em talking...
What gave you that idea?
Yeah, I want some pie.
I call it like I see it, and what I see is definitely soft.
I said you're soft.
You're soft.
Thanks for backing me up here, Uncle Claude.
Look, ma'am, we've been driving all day. We'd just like to purchase one of those pies and we'll be on our way.
Are you kidding? Tell me you don't want a slice of that pie right over there.
I think I liked you better when you kept your trap shut.
When there is, you can forget about it. And I swear to God, you ever talk about my daddy again I'm gonna kick your bank-telling, loan-denying ass, you got me?
Ah, go chase yourself. I'll take my business elsewhere. And for future reference, you are no longer welcome at Ray's Boom-Boom Room.
My daddy is dead so watch your mouth. You can say what you want about me, but don't be dragging my daddy into it. This watch means the world to me. Solid gold. Keeps perfect time.
My daddy gave me this watch.
Like this?
How would I get a loan, anyway?
So you mean, if I needed some jack to get my nightclub up and running, I'd have to hype some square like you?
A loan officer?
You're talking about giving up baseball to be a bank teller.
You gave up baseball to be a bank teller? I can't latch on to that.
Why didn't you take it?
Hey, you'd be surprised what you find in other people's pockets. Just gotta avoid them deadbeat bank tellers. Get you every time.
I don't know. Bank teller. Sounds like ladies work to me.
Nothing.
That's some long green.
Start your job? What kind of job?
Come on, daddy-o. You haven't said a word since we started. Least you could do is make some friendly conversation.
You? Dine and ditch, right?  Over ten bucks?  You're probably looking at a thumb.
I can't wait to see that. You slay me, man.
Probably to Spanky's headquarters down at the pier.
Did those two muscle heads shake you down? Swear I've seen them down at the track with Sure-shot Riley. That's it, ain't it? A gambling debt.
What I want to know is what happened to your cush between the time that you got up from the table and when I caught up with you in the Johnny?
Here, this belongs to you.  It was empty when I found it.
That's right! Good old Monroe...
Claude Banks. How could I forget that? You've got to remember me. Ray Gibson. We went to high school together.
Sure I do. What's your name again?
Don't I know you?
No problem. Oh, boy!
Made just for you, Cookie.
Well, not yet. It's still in the planning stages.
Alright, well, let's say you make it to Greenville. What's there, anyway?
You killed Santa Claus?
Can't I get one of those steaks you got grilling back there?
What is that?
C'mon, Goldmouth, somebody's gotta watch the front door.
That's right, fellas. Catch any cab heading uptown. All the drivers know Ray's Boom-Boom Room.
He's a good friend of mine. Drops by the club whenever he's in town.
Just because it's in my mind, Goldmouth, don't mean it ain't real. Everything worth anything starts with a dream.
My corn bread? Oh no, my friend. I love corn bread.
They gave me life, mama.
I can't believe this. I always said I'd never end up like this. I thought I'd make something of myself, do something with my life. You know, be successful. Have a big house, a family. Now I'm gonna end up just like daddy.
I can't take that, mama.
Don't cry, mama. This place ain't so bad as it looks. Sure, we work hard, but there's plenty fresh air and sunshine... And you know something else, I've taken to going to church regular. They got services every Sunday right there in the mess hall.
Don't worry about that. Hey, fellas, this here is my mama. These are some of my friends. That's Willie, there's Poker Face, Radio, Cookie, Goldmouth, Biscuit, Jangle Leg.
What are you doing here, mama?
Mama?
I'm going in for him. He'd do the same for me.
It'll be too late.
He must still be in there.
Hey, where's Claude? I don't see Claude!
He shoots me, I swear I'll take you with me! I just want to hear you say it.
That watch was the only thing my daddy ever gave me. It meant the world to me.
I'm gonna work this man's brains out the back of his head.
Like you shot Winston Hancock?
She give you that scar, too?
Must have been some time ago. Maybe forty years?
Sure don't. Mind if I ask where you got it?
That's a real nice watch you got there, sir. Fancy old thing even plays a little tune.
I'm just trying to pay the toll on the road to justice.
Mr. Johnson is very well connected. If you were to let us go, I guarantee he would show you his appreciation, if you know what I mean.
Excuse me, sheriff. As we explained to your associate here, there's been a mistake. We didn't kill anybody. Now, as for the bootlegging, we happen to work for a very important man in New York.
Satchmo.
They're called subways. A nickel will take you from one end of Manhattan to the other. Helluva ride, too.
Anybody else need anything read?
No, it says Marleen here.
Apparently, your sister died.
You should have come by last night, Radio. You woulda had yourself some fun.
You mean the Boom-Boom Room?
Sure I've been to the Cotton Club. It's pretty sweet. But it don't hold a candle to the Boom Boom Room. That's where the real action is.
Greenville, that the nearest town?
I slipped in a couple of bottles of my latest batch. Help wash down all them pills they'll be giving you.
Alright Willie, I think I got everything. I'll talk to Dillard, see if I can get up to the infirmary and check up on you. Make sure they're changing your diapers regular.
I'm talking about old Satchmo nearly blew the roof off the joint.
That's my joint. The swinginest nightclub in town.
You all been here a long time. Doesn't anybody ever escape from this place?
What are you in for, Willie?
What's your name?
Maybe we will. Nice meeting you.
Blacks welcome there?
Man, that music is hot. What goes on down there, Slim?
How you doing? We're looking for Slim.
I just want somebody who won't put a bullet in my back once the truck is full.
I'll take the little choirboy, if you don't mind.
Understood.
All I need is the front money and a truck. I could be back in two, three days tops if I had somebody to share the driving.
Comes up the Mississippi. I can get more. A lot more. I was thinking about going into business for myself, but under the circumstances, I'd be willing to take on a partner.
Puerto Rican rum. See for yourself.
Come on, Spank, I'm just trying to get by here. You remember how it was when you were starting out.
You don't have to drown that fella, Spanky. You already scared him half to death. He didn't know who he was fucking with.
