Maybe it was eating all those rabbits that made you sexy, Rose.
What was your mother like?
Well, that doctor said you got protein somewhere and I guess he was right.
How did the rabbits kill him?
Five hundred rabbits?
They're dumb things. I got tired of them.
What are you going to do, Rose?
Okay.
I gotta find out what they're saying. You lie back and rest, Rose, and I'll give you a report on it.
You won't die, Rose.
Rose, you are just entirely too uncritical of people.
Yeah, I'd believe it.
Rose, I have got doubts about that doctor and so does Daddy.
He did?
Rose, you are too uncritical of people.
Rose, if you don't keep your boyfriends away from the house, Daddy is going to fire you.
Rose, you must know who the fellow is.
Yeah.
Here comes Daddy.
You're going to get yourself up and go out?
Rose, they could stick splinters under my fingernails, and I will never say a word! I will never tell them, because... I love you!
I said I wouldn't.
Good night, Rose.
Don't worry, Rose, I won't tell a soul.
Rose, are you all right? Are you sick or something?
But why, if I'm not hurting you?
Am I hurting you?
But Rose...
I'm thirteen. And I have a natural curiosity. It's only nature, Rose, that's all. Now what's wrong with nature, huh?
Yes, I do. Please, Rose, be a good sport.
Please, Rose. I'm curious, that's all, I have a natural curiosity, it's only human. You're my friend, aren't you? Don't you like me?  I like you, Rose, a lot -- in fact, I love you.
Can't I touch it a little, Rose -- not a lot, just a little?
Yeah, but satisfaction brought him back. Can I?
I'm curious to see what it's like. I'm very curious, Rose.
Rose, since you're here in bed with me and everything and I've already touched your titty...
Rose, I have a serious favor to ask you.
There's an evil streak in everybody, Rose.
Well, some fiend might.
It was softer'n I thought, that was my main impression. You know, if you hit a girl there it would hurt her a lot.
That was very interesting. Thank you, Rose.
First I couldn't feel it, but now I feel it easily, it's like a little acorn.
Hmmph. It has a nipple, all right.
Aw, be a good sport, Rose.  You like me, don't you? I like you a lot.
Aw, come on, Rose, I want to see what the nipple on it is like.
Just for a second. Please, Rose, what's the harm?
But I'm curious, Rose.
Rose, can't I see what the nipple on it is like?
Can I put my hand inside your nightgown, Rose?
Actually, I am, though.
There's some kind of gristle in it, though.
Well, I thought they were more like a cantaloupe.
Hmmm, it's soft. It's awful soft.
But, Rose, how could such a thing as that happen?
But, Rose, what is the cause of it all?
You were pretty bad, huh?
What'd you do, Rose?
What is it, Rose?
Well, all right.
No, I'm awake. What's the matter?
Well, it's only the truth. There are horrible things in the world, Rose.
He really did, he ate his little niece. He made pork chops out of her.
There was this old man that ate his niece.
Hey, Rose, did you hear about that terrible thing down in Cave Springs?
Was that what they tried to do? Was that why Daddy gave you the job, to save you from those scoundrels?
Did they try to induce you to become a prostitute?
In what sense were they bad?
But who were they?
Rose, who were those scoundrels in Birmingham?
Sure. Let me take your suitcase.
Lots of things. Buddy, mostly.
Oh, Waski, you don't even know what we're talking about.
Quiet, you little muddy-eyed brat, or Ill kill you!
All right, what do you know?
Oh, Waski, you don't know anything.
Oh, Waski, you don't even know what we're talking about.
I heard you talking. Hasn't Rose come in?
Daddy, what's the matter?
Well... maybe...
Well, I don't know.  No, I don't know, Daddy, I think the rain has obscured it.
But how would you find him?
Well, it's not very plain.
I don't know. But you better watch him like a hawk, if he comes back again.
Yeah, he's still up there.
I don't know.
No. Why should Rose be in my room?
Well, yeah.
Well, a little.
I'll be right back.
Excuse me, gotta go to bathroom.
Heh, what a hypocrite.
She's getting herself up to go out. I think she's coming down the hall now.
She's getting herself up to go out.
Yes, I did, mother. Your hearing aid isn't working right. I said ahhh-dam stuff.
I said ahhh-dam stuff.
Uhhh, gahdam stuff!
Geccch, yehh, guhhhh!
Mother, cant you make it calomel instead of castor oil?
Mother, I have to tell the truth. I wasn't reading Huckleberry Finn, I was reading one of those Little Dirty Comic Books.
In the kitchen drinking all the ice water in Glenville. She walked out here, she didn't go by the hotel.
You mean confirmed, Mother. I didn't confirm it before. I would have had to confirm it previously, in order for it to be reconfirmed.
She talks a great deal and smiles a lot. She's very pretty, she has a real good figure. She's very girlish or womanish, if you know what I mean. She wouldn't hurt anybody, this girl. She couldn't.
The new girl is here.
Here comes Daddy.
That's the least of her troubles. Rose had a rare tropic disease and the little tubes in her that babies swim down are all stopped up, she told me all about it.
Rose says she's goin' to have a baby and she sure looks it, but I don't think so.
Sense doesn't mean anything to Rose. But I think we're on safe ground now. Daddy chained up the ladder, whoever it is can't get in the house.
Doll, don't ask childish questions.
Mother is struggling desperately. In fact she's fighting like a tiger. But I don't know, it's close, it's mighty close.
They've been in there the longest kind of time. I can't stand it, I gotta find out what's going on.
Dumbness doesn't concern her, Doll. And neither does smartness. You see --
It isn't that she hasn't got any sense, Doll. Her basic intelligence is probably above average, maybe quite a bit above average.
So am I.
Chattanooga. I had St. Louis, Missouri.
Shut up, Doll. I'll cut your guts
Wonderful? He kissed her and played with her titty, and I don't see anything so great about that. He was probably afraid Mother would come back early and catch him.
You shouldn't watch such things, Doll.
She's putting the titty back.
Let me look.  Aww-rr...
Is that all?
What are they doing, Doll?
What are they doing?
Now I can't see. What are they doing?
He's trying to get up -- good God, one of her titties is out!
This is my place and you can't have it.
They're discussing it.
At least.
Let's go peep from the living room.
There goes Mother.
Yeah.
It's really pitiful. She's in bad shape.
No, he doesn't. Not really.
It's pitiful. Neither one of them know.
Daddy says Rose is calm as lettuce. Do you believe that, Doll?
Rose is almost as sentimental as Mother. If there's one thing I can't stand it's sentimentality. In Chattanooga this man committed an almost perfect murder. He killed his wife with a black widow spider.
