No, she hasn't.  I think I hear a car.
She's got somebody in there, Brother! His shoes are on the back porch -- there they were, naked and smiling at me!  Rose, open this door immediately!
Open that door, damn you!
And there's only one reason anybody would want this ladder -- to get up into Rose's bedroom in the dark of night! I am going to chain up this ladder and padlock it! -- and that is not all I am going to do!
See, son? The paint is flaked off here, freshly. Look at it, Brother, there is no question about it. Some person or persons unknown have very recently tampered with this ladder.
True, but if you look sharply you can see that those marks are the marks of a ladder. Now let's go back to the garage and see if the ladder has been tampered with.
Well. Well, what I mean is, you could prove it was his shoes if you did catch him. But look this, Brother, it is even more interesting. Look at this mark here, and that mark over there. Now wouldn't you say those marks are the marks of a ladder?
That is because it rained recently, the rain has obscured the evidence. But you could still take plaster casts of these footprints, then match up the plaster casts with whosever shoes they are, and that way you could catch him -- understand?
See that, son? Now this is a heel, see, and there, that's the ball of a foot. Someone has been walking here.
He's not coming back again. We scared the rascal off, son.  Come on back to supper. Your mother has a theory about how to educate Rose.
What do you think, Brother?
What's taking the rascal so long?
Is that Doctor still up there, Brother.
The girl strikes like a cobra.
I never saw anything like it. How did she pick him up so fast?
Son, was Rose in your room last night?
Reading dirty comic bocks.  And you admitted it?
You were up late last night, Brother.
Now look, boy, get a grip on yourself. Rose had a good life. She found her. Right, didn't she? She triumphed over everything, what are you blubbering about?
Nobody lives forever, boy. Who'd want to?
It's true, son. The girl with the cornflower eyes is dead, she is no more,
I know. You loved her. So did I. It was an awful shock to me, too. An awful shock. Rose was so alive it's hard to believe.
She was fifty-six, son. Of course she didn't look it, nowhere near it. The cancer came back, I'm afraid I fibbed about that. But it was very quick, son. She was in the hospital only two weeks, and the last week she didn't know anything.
I am afraid so, son. About a week ago. Her husband phoned me, she had asked him to call me if anything happened.
No, son, she is dead.
I'm older than hell, boy. But this Yankee whisky is mighty fine, I'll say that.
Not for long, boy. I've outstayed my welcome already.
A wonderful woman, boy.
At rest in the creative universe with Mother, son.
Yes, I guess he did. He threw her away and it was the mistake of his life.
Yeah, I know, he was up here. It's pitiful like you say. When he lost Rose it ruined the man, it destroyed him totally when he lost Rose.
Um-hmm, and I suppose that incensed you?
No, it's another thing. I was going to write you about it, but since you were coming down anyway I thought I'd wait till you got here. What did Dave Wilkie have to say?
Oh, no, no, she got all over that. Rose is fine. Let's sit down, son.
Oh, I heard from her, I got a letter from her, she's fine. But there is some sad news.
How could that be, son?
Got another twenty years in it, boy.  By the way, son, do you recall Rose, that pretty blonde girl who came to our house way back in 1935 or 1936 and caused such a damnable commotion.
Are they polar bears, too?
Your wife and children are back in New Hampshire in the snow?
It's Yankee whisky to me.
About as good as can be expected with one foot in the grave. Good to see you, son.  Did you bring any of that Yankee whisky with you?
Well, you rascal, where'd you come from?
Yes, we know her.
Of course.
Please do.
I am ahead of you.
Go on, Doctor.
Go ahead, Doctor, I think I am following you.
Well, if it isn't malignant and she can get through the operation all right, it might be better than her really being pregnant. She doesn't even know who the father might have been.
Well, it's a disaster. I don't know what to say, Doctor, I am floored. How dangerous is the operation?
That's all I want to know.  Lets get out of here before I get the epizootics myself. Thank you, Doctor, for your discourse, it was fascinating, no doubt.
Honey, he is Mr. Right.
Well, thank God we are rid of her at last. And the best thing of all is that she's happy. The little nut is happy, she found Mr. Right in the nick of time!
You know Dave, his wife used to do dressmaking for you before she died.
Why, that looks like Dave Wilkie,
I'm afraid it's my fault. I made her feel guilty this morning --  Brother, what are you doing up?
It's twenty after one.
Fine.
Well, I know, more so. That's why I was thinking... maybe she'd be better off.
Well, I... I hadn't thought about it that much. I was thinking... well, it's an idea, the girl is oversexed, and...
Well, now, darlin'... give me a chance to defend myself.
Reluctantly, I do. It would be a blessing to her and everyone else. The girl is oversexed and I say -- spay her!
Honey, that's no way to talk to the Doctor, he's merely doing his job, dear.
I am poleaxed and in a non compos mentis condition. I wash my hands or the whole thing.
She doesn't have to take her panties off, we can see her stomach with 'em on. All she has to do is pull up her dress and let us see her belly.
I forgot that Rose will lie like a child. She's no more pregnant than I am, she just doesn't want to go to that farm!
Ah, ha! Hold the phone! No forwarding address, huh?  In the shock of this brilliant move, I forgot something.
She already told you, she doesn't know.
You're not going to get anywhere with that line of questioning. The problem is, what are we going to do?
This is a total catastrastroke. As of this moment I am stumped, I admit, I am stumped and treed both, the hound dogs have me surrounded.
Trickery and flummery or not, she's going there tomorrow on the bus! It's settled! And I must say we've been more than fair to you, Rose, it's pretty selfish and mean hearted of you to sit there and cry like that!
I don't give a hoot in hell's hollow what it means to her! She can't stay in this house forever! I fired her, damn it!
Just a minute, Rose, you don't understand. This isn't a dirt farm like the one you were born on, it's nice. A neighbor of Cousin Hop's, I talked to him on the phone, a fine man... it's not a farm, damn it, it's a beautiful dairy establishment! Stop crying, Rose! Do you hear me? Stop crying, it's ideal!
Something has got to be done or Rose is going to be in this house forever.
Her plan is obvious, plain as day. She's going on a hunger strike. The question is, how do we foil her?
No, she doesn't, she's fine, fine. She's perfectly healthy, don't give her ideas.
The hell we can't.
It has been three weeks since I "fired" her. Is there no way to get rid of this girl? Are we stuck with her for life?
Just a moment, dear.  We can't have it, Rose. Can you behave yourself -- or not? That is the question, to behave or not to behave, to suffer the slings and arrows of outrageous chastity and keep your skirt down or to hoist it in the light of the moon and make whoopee -- that is the coil shuffling question.  If you can't behave I am going to fire you and I say it in front of you and Mrs. Hillyer and I mean it. I point my rigid finger right at your nose, Rose, and I stare unwaveringly into your big blue eyes and I tell you... this is a final warning. Do you hear me?
Um-hmm.  Come with me, Brother. I want to show you something.
I don't care where the polecat studied.
Rosebud looked pretty pitiful in that bed.  I hope she'll be all right, but I still think we ought to fire her.
He's a polecat, dear.
I can't stand that polecat. They ought to hang him.
Excuse me, sir, are you calling my wife a liar?
Darlin', Rose has got to go!
They follow her because she's a --  -- no, I won't say that.
Well, I have a pretty good idea.
Now look, darlin', this is no time to go off into the fourth dimension.
That is exactly what I'm afraid of.  The girl has got to go, darlin'.
It's because of the children she's got to go. I don't want to be holier-than-thou, but the girl doesn't have the same outlook we do. Morals don't mean a thing to her, not a thing, and we can't have a girl like that in this house.
I'm sorry, darlin', I hate it as much as you do.
I said I don't intend to fire her. I just want to ask her to keep her boy friends away from my home and hearth, that's all.
I don't intend to fire her, darlin'.
Now you listen to me, Rose --
I don't intend to mock you, dear. I respect your philosophy. It's beyond my comprehension, but I respect it.
Now darlin', what has the South got to do with this?
Boys? You say to me boys?
-- I am not responsible for her epizootics and I did not bring about her epizootics. Now listen to me. When I have to get up in the middle of the night and defend my home with a shotgun against a couple of damned scoundrels fistfighting in the bushes --
Darlin', it is not my fault if the girl has epizootics --
I am not being brutal to her!
Oh, shut up, Rose. Shut your mouth and quit crying!
Rose, I realize you don't know this boy, but if you know anybody who does know him, if you have even a faint clue as to who he might be, then convey to him that he had better stay away from my house and stop scaring my wife... and I don't mean maybe.
Rose, my patience is wearing thin. First a scruffy man who runs like a deer and now a sulky boy who wont go away. This is getting to be a regular monkey and dog show.
Yes, darlin', time will tell.
Forgive my crudity, darlin'. All I'm saying is that a girl who would wear clothes like that is going to get in trouble sooner or later.
No reason at all, darlin'.
I don't see any bruises or broken bones.
Quarter of twelve.
Well, she's back.
Yes, of course.
You are the one who's good-hearted.  As for Rose, let's hope for the best.
Well, she loves children, all right.  She loves everybody.
That farmer in Gadsden was awful eager to get rid of her, and I'm beginning to see why.
She will succeed.
The girl worries me. If she walks down the street like that, an army will be following her.
Just half-a-cup of coffee. I never eat, darlin', you know that. Not eating and reverse insomnia are my curses. Let's go, Rose, you and Brother, let's hit the road.
Who doesn't have such thoughts?  We'd better get going.
They'll put her in jail. The damn little fool might as well be naked.
I'll take him with me downtown.  And you, too, Rose, if you want a ride.
Lay off of that stuff, son. It upsets your mother.
Um-hmm. Well, that is the damndest outfit I ever saw in my life. You walk down the street like that and they'll put you in jail, Rose.
No, darlin'. Just that damnable insomnia in reverse. I sleep like a baby for an hour then I'm wide awake. You go back to sleep.
All right, darlin'.
I'll drive you, darlin'. You've got no business behind the wheel of an automobile. You don't think about what you're doing and you'll run into a telephone pole.
You're a wonderful woman, darlin'. As long as you're around, I'm sure the sun wouldn't dare go out.
Forgive my crudity, darlin'. I don't understand these deeper things the way you do.
All right, darlin', don't go off into the fourth dimension.
I love Rosebud, I am wild about Rosebud. I just hope she doesn't turn out to be a hidden hotcha character, that's all. We have growing children in the house.
Well, let's hope for the best, darlin'.
Well, she must have done something to encourage those scoundrels in Birmingham, even if she did run away from them.
Well, I'll admit I don't see any flies on her yet.
Um-hmm. Almost too perfect.
I asked you what you think of Rosebud, now that she's been here a while.
Your hearing aid, it's buzzing at me like a snake.
Turn up your hearing aid.
What do you think of her, honey?
How goes it, darlin'?
Good morning, sweetheart. Beautiful day.
Well, well, well. So Miss Rosebud has arrived. Un-hmm. And you're all assembled here. Yes, indeed. Un hmmm.
Nothing, Rose.
Rose... I hate to be mean, but...  Oh, nevermind, forget it.
Well, we know you were there. The bill that hospital sent was absolutely horrendous.
You're looking very chipper this morning, Rose. Sow do you feel?
All right, damn it. We've seen you with your clothes off around here, stand up and pull up your dress and let's take a look!
I don't believe it.
All right, tell us, Rose, what makes you think you're pregnant?
No, you're not.
Good God almighty. This is a catastrophe, they won't hire her.
Your baby?
What baby? What baby? What baby are you speaking about?
What?
No, no, not exactly. It isn't a farm in the sense that it's a farm. Not at all. It's a... dairy establishment. You'll 1ike it! I'm sure you'll like it because it's so... peaceful!
Ahh-hh, you'll like it. It's a fine, outdoor-type job.
Yes, Tennessee, a lovely state!
Well, I have got news! I called long distance and spoke to Cousin Hop and you'll be glad to know, Rose, I have found you a job!
God forbid. You're not sick, Rose, forget it. Don't get any notions in your head, you're not sick.
Mmm. Would you get me another half a-cup of coffee, dear?
Well, Rose, going out to look for a job today?
Rose, darlin', you break my heart. But I am only a human man myself of the father variety. Rose, pack your bag, baby, as of this moment you are hired, mired and fired.
Ye gods and little fishes, a fireman. Put on some clothes, Rose, you're naked as a jay bird. When you're dressed, come on downstairs. I'm afraid your friend Billy is injured, where are his clothes?
Well, it was a silly question.
And what, may I ask, was Billy doing here?
And who, Rose, may I ask, is that?
Where is he? Where have you got him hid?  Ah, ha!
I mean a human investment, Rose, we care about you, you matter to us. But we have innocent and unformed children in this house and the monkey and dog show has got to stop. Do you hear me?
I will see you at suppertime, Rose.
I have to go back to the hotel. I'm on duty at the desk and who knows a quest might arrive. I will see you at suppertime, Rose.
That's all you've got to say, you've got a bad cold?
Umm. Well. Yes. But no more strange voices in the night, Rose.
Well, I know it, I just got the bill for it.
Good morning, Rose. And how do you feel today?
All right, thanks to her, and thanks to this case of epizootics, you are getting another chance.  But don't try my patience again. We have growing children in this house. Do you understand me?
Darlin', I'll take a taxi to the hotel. You and Brother can handle the girl's epizootics. I'll just say one more thing.  Rose, I told you you had a friend in Mrs. Hillyer, didn't I, that she would fight for you like a tiger?
Oh, shut up, Rose, eat your cornflakes!
Now Rose, stop behaving as if you're Bo Peep. Those men had a flight last night because of some female in this house, and it wasn't Dolly or Mrs. Hillyer.
Strange voices, Rose?
Well, Rose, my sleep was a little disturbed last night, and so was Mrs. Hillyer's, and so was the children's. How about you? Was your sleep disturbed, too?
Is this ill right?
You don't know where you're going?
Where do you want me to let you out, Rose?
You were up late last night, too, Rose.
What have you got in your hair, girl?
How can the buttons stand the pressure?
That's a pretty stylish skirt, Rose. The only thing I don't understand is how did you ever get it on.
Um-hmmuhh. I never drink a whole cup, my nerves can't stand the caffeine. Ehh-hh, Lord awful insomnia in reverse last night. Lay there and sweated blood for hours.
If you've got time before you go "out," get me a half-a-cup of coffee, Rose. Not a whole cup, a half-a-cup.
Got yourself up?
Well, good night.
Is anything wrong?
Rose, what are you doing up?
Do you know what a friend you have got there? Do you know she would fight for you like a tiger, that she would fly to your defense in an instant with all the courage in her soul if anyone tried to hurt you? Is this any way to repay her trust and love? Are you ashamed as I am ashamed?  Don't cry, honey, don't cry. But let me warn you, damn your hide, this is Thermopylae and I am standing here. Do you hear me, damn you. I am standing at Thermopylae and the Persians shall not pass! Now get your tail out of here and go wash those dishes, and stop crying!
Rose, Rose, Rose, you poor miserable little child, don't you know I love you? Do I have to put my hand on your body or kiss your pretty lips to prove it? You are beautiful to me, Rose, I've loved you since you first came here, darlin'. And don't you know Mrs. Hillyer loves you, too, that she's already taken you into her heart, and that that woman's heart is as wide as the blue sky itself and as deep as the stars?
Goddamn you, girl! You've made me make a fool out of myself, damn your hide, but let me tell you I am standing at the pass of Thermopylae and I won't budge! The very idea, my own home with children in the house, to say nothing of my wife -- oh-h, you had better believe I am standing at Thermopylae, you little nut, you had better believe it! What are you, crazy? A man is supposed to be a fool like this, but a woman is supposed to have some control and sense! Are you a nitwit? What's the matter with you?
Calm down, Rose, let's calm down and discuss it ...
All right, all right. Now calm down, Rose, the children will hear you. Calm down, let's talk... about this thing, let's discuss it.
Why, I'm not going to kiss you, you crazy girl. Now I'm telling you again, get off my lap. Come on, Rose, get up. Now you get up, I say, and stop this!
Ahh-hem! Now, Rose, get off my lap. What are you doing, girl? Are you crazy?
Rosebird Baby, you are the light of my life, darlin'. How did we ever get by without you?
Rosebaby Blossom, these are the most delicious candied yams I ever ate! Why, they just melt in my mouth. And this fried chicken is fit for a king. How do you do it, Peachbird? What is the secret of your art, Plum Blossom, huh?
All right. Now as head of this household I have a couple of remarks to make. It is my dear wife's belief, which I accept although I do not totally grasp it, that to hire a person to do household work is a criminal practice. Therefore, you are here not as a servant, you are here as a friend, as a guest and hopefully as a member of this family. You will eat your meals with us, you will share life itself with us -- in love and harmony, dear Rosebud, in love and harmony. Do you understand me?
