Oh, to hell with it, never mind. Don't tell her anything. Don't even tell her you saw me.  Got to run, Buddy, I'll miss my plane.
You might see her. She writes your Daddy, and she and that doctor came to see him, didn't they? I wish you'd tell her something... I never could write letters.
Ah-h, if you happen to run into Rose sometime... do me a favor, give her a message for me, will you?
Well, got to get a plane to Savannah. Great running into you, Buddy. Give my best to your Daddy.
She used to call me Mr. Right. Remember that, Buddy?
You loved her, didn't you. Well, so did I.  You'll have to admit she had four husbands.
I don't want to start no fight with you, Buddy. Why do you say I'm full of shit?
She didn't marry him, though, later she married another guy and went to Winston-Salem. It didn't last That girl couldn't have no lastin' marriage, she left him and married another dumb sucker and went out west. Little bitch left him, too, and you know what she's married to right now?  A kike. That's right, some kind of kike horse doctor named Schapiro out in Seattle, who's got the nerve to have the same first name I got. Wouldn't you know it, Rose would wind up married to a goddamn kike? She was always out of her friggin' head and I'll tell you why.  Buddy, she was sick in her mind and between her legs, too. She was a nymphomaniac.
She's te reason -- cured me of women once and for all. Oh, I got rid of her, Buddy, I didn't waste no time kickin' that bitch out. Hell, she was screwin' everybody in Savannah. I caught her in a motel with this long tall son of a bitch and boy did I beat the everlastin' piss out of him!
Doubted my ability all along, the little bitch. I never remarried, Buddy, you know that, don't you?
That's correct -- outside it, not in it. As for the job, well, the Jewboy suppliers give me a lot of grief and we use a pile of niggers to haul and tote and they ain't worth a sorry-ass damn.  But I can build anything, Buddy. Give me the plans and I can build a goddamn staircase to the moon. It's a fact, I can build anything...  ... but she never believed that. Oh, hell, no, she never believed in me.
Near Alexandria. It isn't in Alexandria, it is outside it.
Took your time gettin' here.
Hey, girl! Hey, you, give us another drink!  Dumb little bitch, supposed to give us two in the first place.
Heh heh heh heh, same old Buddy, always jokin' around. Almost as much of a joker as your Daddy.  I saw your Daddy a coupla years ago, I was up in Glenville lookin' at a motel site. I guess that's where you're headed, huh, to see him?
I don't mean that the way it sounds.  Imagine it, a book. And I used to know you personal way back when.  Tell me something, Buddy, how do you dream up all that stuff?
How about that. Well, you always were a screwball.
Galley what?
Ha ha, course you make a lot more.  What's that you got there, Buddy?
Oh, it's all right, beats Jew York. But the niggers have took it over, just like every other city we got, only worse.
Well, I am in the construction business, Buddy, and without braggin' I have done real good at it.  There are those who wouldn't have expected that out of me.  Right now I'm buildin' a giant motel unit near Alexandria, outside Washington, D.C. Not fi-nance, I'm on the construction side.
It's Dave Wilkie! I'm Dave Wilkie, don't you remember me?
Awww-rr, Buddy, come on, you know me!
