I'm not blubbering.
That's a hell of a thing to say. Why, Rose?
Why Rose? Why Rose, Daddy?
I can't believe it, Daddy. I know it must be true, but I can't believe it.
Well, you have knocked me for a hell of a loop, old man. A hell of a loop.
Excuse me, I'll be right back.
But... but how? She was young! Rose wasn't old!
Dead, Rose is dead? You mean... she died?
All right, Daddy. We have our drink, we're out on the patio, you have prepared me for it. Rose's cancer has come back, hasn't it?
It's funny you would mention Rose, I was thinking about her all the way up in the car.  Or maybe it isn't so funny.
It always gives me a funny feeling to come home. Dear old Southland. Gone. It's all gone, Daddy --  -- except you, you're still here.
That's what she would say herself.
You know, I don't know this town any more. All this traffic, new buildings, prosperity...  Where have the years gone, Daddy? Where is the little town I knew as a boy?
He didn't lose her, he threw her away.
You're damn right it incensed me, the miserable bastard. He also said the kikes and the niggers have taken over Washington. D.C.
The pitiful son of a bitch said Rose was a nymphomaniac.
Is her husband sick or something?
What sad news? Did her cancer come back?
What's all this about Rose? What do you mean, you heard from her in a manner of speaking?
Dave Wilkie of all people was sitting by me on the plane -- her first husband. It's funny you would mention Rose. Did you hear from her?
Of course I recall Rose. In fact I've been thinking of no one else for the last hour and a half.
Good God, the way you live here. This place hasn't been dusted since Mother died. Look at that goddamned refrigerator.
Yeah, they're in the snow.
I can use a drink after the plane ride I had.
It isn't Yankee whisky, Daddy, it's Scotch.
Hello, Daddy. How are you?
What do you want me to tell her, Dave?
Dave, I haven't seen Rose for years.
Yeah, I'll do that, Dave.
Yeah, I remember it.
Yeah, it took her a while to grow up and find Mr. Right, but she did it. She found him.
Dave Schapiro is no horse doctor and Rose has been a good wife to him for a long time. To call her a nymphomaniac is the most stupid thing I ever heard in my life.
Dave, you are as full of shit as a Christmas turkey and you know it. Now if you want to start a fight on this plane and get yourself in jail, go right ahead. But I am telling you, you are full of shit right up to your eyeballs.
Well, no, I didn't actually.
Um-m, well...
I see. Outside it.
Tell me about that job in Alexandria, Dave, the big motel you're building.
She has other things to do, Dave.
That's right, Dave, I'm headed for Glenville on a whisperin' jet.
Well, actually, we have a little black boy named Her---t who lives in the garage. He does it for me.
Oh, yeah?
Page proof of a book I'm working on.
Galley proof.
Well, that's interesting, Dave. I always liked Washington, it's a pretty town.
Oh. Oh, God. Of course, Dave, how are you?
Well, I... I... ah-h, let's see...
Excuse me... your voice is familiar and I'm sure I know you from somewhere...
