We're not out of this yet.
Okay, okay.
Three patrol ships are heading our way.
What's wrong with him?
Everyone's invited, of course.
Right.
How you doing, Chewbacca?  Still wasting your time with this clown, eh?
Don't shoot!  I've done what I can for you.  I'm sorry it's not better, but I've got my own problems.  I've already stuck my neck out further than I should ...
Don't ask me, but he's on his way.
He doesn't want you at all.  He's after someone named Skywalker.
Vader agreed to turn Leia and Chewie over to me.  They'll have to stay here, but at least they'll be safe.
Shut up a minute and listen.  I'm doing what I can to make this easier for you.
Sorry friend, I had no choice. They arrived right before you did.
Not as well as I'd like.  We're a small outpost and not very self- sufficient.  I've had supply problems of every kind and ...  What's so funny?
I'll have my people get to work on it right away.  Hate the thought of the Millennium Falcon without her heart.
That ship saved my life a few times.  It's the fastest hunk of machinery in the galaxy.  What's wrong with her?
What have you done to my ship?
That won't be easy, my friend ... What brings you here, anyway?
I'll bet.
Are you kidding?
Why you slimy, double-crossing no-good swindler ... am I glad to see you.
That wasn't the bargain.  You said the Empire wouldn't interfere in--
I'll take what's mine now.
We only use this chamber for carbon freezing.  If you put him in there, it'll kill him.
No.
That was never mentioned.  Neither was this bounty hunter taking Han. I hope you haven't forgotten our bargain.
What about Leia and the Wookiee?
I'm sure my men fixed it.  We've got nothing to worry about.
The deflector shields are gone.
Someone's falling.
Wait a minute.  We're not going back there.
What?
I knew that set-up was too good to last .... I'm going to miss it.
I didn't say anything?
His fate is sealed.  You'll be lucky to get out yourself.  All systems are on alert.  everything's locked.
Don't worry about a thing.  I'll get us going.
Sure I did ... once.  It turned out lousy.
Very noble.  Not smart, but noble.
There's not much chance, but the bounty hunter's ship is on the East Landing Platform.
This is no time to be choosy, honey.  What do you say we debate this later?  There's still a chance I can get you out of here.
Look, I stand to lose everything by this.
I'm coming over to your side, that's what.  And I have a feeling I'm making a big mistake.
Lord Vader has set a trap for him and ...
I didn't know you had a price on your head.  Vader has given you to the bounty hunter.
Yes, we keep pollution down by having the power reactor far below the city.  It's connected by a transfer shaft.
Not actually .... Our operation is small enough not to be noticed, so you might say we're enterprisers. Most of our trade is, well ... unofficial.
.... We are a free station and do not fall under the jurisdiction of the Empire.
Would you care to join me for a little refreshment?
I must say, your beauty is unpar- alleled.  Truly you belong here with us among the clouds.
Sorry, am I interrupting anything?
Hello!  What have we here?  Welcome, I am Baron Lando Calrissian, Administrator of this facility ... and who might you be?
