And code the signal to my private chamber.
Move this ship out of the asteroid field and into a position where we can send a clear transmission.
The Emperor?
Alert all commands.  Calculate every possible destination along their last known trajectory and disburse the fleet to search for them.  Don't fail me again, Admiral, I've had quite enough!
Yes, Admiral .... soon.
Asteroids don't concern me, Admiral. I want that ship, not excuses.  How long until you can have Skywalker and the others in the Millennium Falcon before me?
Come in, Admiral.
He will join us or die, My Master.
But, if he could be turned, he would be a powerful ally.
He's not a Jedi, he's just a boy. Obi-wan could not have taught him so much that ...
Our destruction?  Who?
I have felt it.
What is thy bidding, My Master?
I'm altering the bargain.  Pray I don't alter it any further.
Take them, but I'm keeping a detachment of troops here to watch over them.
I think not.  But I don't wish my prize to be damaged.  We'll test it first.  Bring in Captain Solo.
Good.  It would be most unfortunate if I had to leave a permanent garrison here.
I forget nothing, Calrissian. Perhaps you think you're being treated unfairly.
You will find them well enough. But they must never again leave this city.
There is no escape.  You must join me or die.  Don't make me destroy you here ... The Emperor is strong with The Force.  But if you join me, together we could overthrow Him.  Do not resist. It is our destiny!
The Force runs strong in the Skywalker line.  You will achieve great power ... Come, join with me!  Together we will be the most powerful ... even stronger than The Emperor.
All too easy.  Perhaps you are not as strong as The Emperor thought.
That won't be necessary.
There is much Obi-wan did not tell you.  Come, The Emperor will complete your training.
Your future lies with us, Skywalker. Now you will embrace the dark side. Obi-wan knew this to be true.
And I too.
The fear does not reach you.  You have learned more than I anticipated.
I want that ship.
Anything on the Millennium Falcon?
Make ready to land General Veers' assault troops on the surface. Then deploy the fleet so that nothing can get off that system. You're in command now, Admiral Piett.
The Hoth System?
