Take them, you never know... If you want to have some fun. Take, it's a gift.
Take...
I'll explain you, Leon: they'll ask you to fill in a lot of forms and you can't write and they'll ask you your job, your employer's name and you can't tell them: My job, I'm a hitman and my employer is Tony, his record is longer than his resturant's menu.  That's why you can't have a bank account!
Listen, think about what you want to do, but don't worry, your money is there and it's safer than in a bank... Banks are robbed every five minutes!
Pay attention to women, Leon.  They are dangerous, you know?
Do you need money?
That's what I later told myself!  No, Tony, forget Leon! It can't be him, he likes too much his job to make such a slaughter!
At a certain moment I thought: maybe Leon would like working on his own? So he makes some little extras?
It's better...  You see, it's my turf, so I don't want contracts I'm not informed about, on my turf.  I'm not opposing, but the least they can do is informing me, isn't it?
Huh!? Because of the slaughter at your same floor?
...You moved too, didn't you?
Salute.
You're right, son. You must care the links with your family, always.  It's the only important thing in the world.
It's a specialty down there.  It's a fishing boat with, in front, a long pole near the surface. Then, near the cabin, a very tall mast with a little cabin for the lookout.
Did you fish in Messina? The "pesce spada"?
Have you ever been in Messina, son?
Huh? Are you Alfredo's son, then?
Is he still alive?
...Who sent you?
It's a little out of the world coming to visit me this way, on mid afternoon.  It really isn't the usual procedure...
But... He works for your same employer?
Emilio? Due grappe!  ...Why the hell did you come here?
Rinaldi... Rinaldi...  What region do you come from?
These guys have no place.  They change virtually everyday. And his name...  It's a surname.
Listen, son, you know as well as me this kind of hitmen: they come from nowhere, get the contract and disappear. They're lonely, worse than wolves.
...Even his mother wouldn't.
Then...
You'd better talk good, son, because, for the moment, I've got a quite bad opinion about you.  Norman smiles.
