No excuses, just do it!
When in doubt, pull the yellow wire.
I don't know.
Okay, one of the caps turns it on, the other shuts it down.
Too easy. There's gotta be something else in there, another cap maybe.
That's the blasting cap - good! Okay, now grab it by the base and pull it straight up. No, Wait...
Stay to your left.
Don't touch that.
Close your eyes, feel your fingertips. Tell me everything you feel.
Okay, let's go in.
Good, now the other side.
He has a timer going as back-up, in case we got a hold of the remote.  Okay... first, run your fingers along the edges, feel for a sensor.
Right.
Off the scale.
You got it.
No, I'd slip out past the hotel district, behind Greyhound...
Should we head for the Interstate?
How do you know?
Driving in circles, waiting for-
What's up?
Ex-girlfriend?
Congratulations, you just built your first ticker.
No you're not, you just don't understand them. Here, do what I tell you.
Your partner?
Take a tip from the Bomb Boys, always assess, if only for a second.
You don't have to talk about it.
How long were you hooked?
I don't know. There's an old saying, when in doubt, cut the yellow wire.
One shuts it down, one turns arms it.
I don't know, it's strange... it's not the best career path, but when you get the bug, there's nothing you can do about it. See, when you beat one of these things...
We've gotta be. In this business, you don't exactly make alot of outside commitments.
Right.
Not bad for Bomb squad, eh?
How long are we going to stay?
Industrial wood oil. Separately, any one of these things could lead in several directions, but together ...
Bingo!
Then, it's gotta be here somewhere ...
This is where the van was parked.
No, ninety-ninety percent of them are full of baloney. They're into the power trip, not the damage. What scares me is that this guy is so sophisticated he could blow up whatever he wants, then disappear. The worst of the bunch, they love the challenge of creating the wildest device ever... and they love the carnage.
Typical profile, usually losers, nobodies that're afraid to confront their victims. They like scaring people. That's why they call in their threats. Same mentality as obscene phone callers.
With a little training, you could go into a house and just from stuff in the bathroom and kitchen make something that'd finish off that alleged car of yours. Heck, didn't you ever watch MacGyver?
There were a few guys in my class with names like John Smith, Bill Jones. I'd see them up ahead in the hall, call their name, but they wouldn't turn around. C.I.A. Funny thing, they'd always disappear after the first half of the course.
Top of my class at West Point, thank you very much. Then off to Redstone. First half of the course we learned how to build devices... second half, we'd take them apart. Everything from firecrackers to hydrogen bombs.
Redstone's the army training center in Alabama where they send the cream of the crop to learn about tickers.
An abandoned machine shop... nice place to build devices. Low rent, too. But, you and Rice ruined their perfect hideout.
So what were they doing here?
Then let's go see what they missed.
Drive.
No you look, mister! First, you don't go calling my men names. It's bad for morale. Second, us "punks" happen to know a heck of alot more about police work than any vice cop ever did.
Nice performance back there. Where'd you learn that, Mike Ditka Sensitivity Seminar?
Only once, at Redstone.
I.R.A. device. Deadliest class of tickers in existence. Computerized, multiple sensors, booby traps, the works. First showed up in a series of I.R.A. bombings in London couple years ago. One of their boys tripped it on himself and they went back to a less complicated timers. The Girl, is she Irish?
Don't push it, slick.
Treat. We treat devices.
We don't use the b-word. Bad luck.
By the way, I'm Glass. This is T.J., and Pooch.
Be cool around my men, they don't trust strangers. And try not to swear so much, it's unattractive.
This isn't bumper cars, it's brain surgery. You wanna work with us, you do it our way, understand?
That cop who bought it... you didn't tell us he was your partner.
When you need us, you love us, when you don't, we're shunned by the rest of the department.
Alright, let's check it out.
Sorry about that.  That's an inch of the stuff, imagine what the whole thing'd do.
High-grade det cord. This girl, either she's got strange taste in jewelry or she's into serious demolition.
Where did you get this?
Who the heck're you?
Any word?
Political.
We work fast enough for you?
Bev, give `em a call, find out what bowling alleys they supply in this area.
Hey, matches are a very big thing in our line of work.
It's from an IRA.
T.J., run a trace on this, see if you can pin down where it came from. Whoever these people are, let's hope they're all talk.
Call upstairs, see what you can find out.
Easy, guys.
Reilly! He's loaded!
Alright!
Meg's lasagna. Good eats, Reilly. C'mon.
A bowling alley.
Relax, Pooch, it's just a ticker, it's not personal.
I was wrong... this didn't come from any cash register.
Unlikely. Probably, cash register or something.
C4, plastic explosive.
Let's get something straight. We're doing you a favor. You're not exactly a guy we want around explosives.
Hope you don't mind, Captain, might help us catch these guys that much sooner.  Coming?
Bev, you're the greatest...
We're a bit busy at the moment, I'll give you a statement in a few minutes if we're still alive.
