That's what we want.  Reaction.  And if Laura's bourgeois lawyer friends can't take it, then fuck 'em.  Let 'em riot, we can handle it.  We'll be ready.
I owe it to myself to go right to the edge, Rob, and this group does exactly that.  Over the edge, in fact.
What do you think?  Dick likes it.
We're not called Barrytown anymore, by the by.  They got sick of the Barry/Barrytown thing.  We're called SDM.  Sonic Death Monkey.
We're not as bad as you think, Rob.
No.  We need the gig.
We're getting that anyway.
Laura said we could.  If we helped out with the posters and stuff.  And we did.  And we are.
HELLO.  DO YOU SEE ANYONE ELSE around here with a band, Mr. Branson?  Mr. Phil Spector?
I heard you, man.  Don't give me that "what" shit.  You just told them that you're gonna put out a record with them.
What the fuck is that?
Yes way.  It's really...
The little skate-fuckers.
Oh.  Right.  But I'd forgotten about that.  I wasn't biting the idea.
Haven't seen it.
I'd want "One Step Beyond" by Madness. And "You Can't Always Get What You Want."
Whatever.  Okay. "Tell Laura I Love Her." That'd bring the house down. Laura's mom could sing it.
Ooh.  Drag.
What's up?
So much for friends, then.  You're a bitter bastard, Rob, you know that?
You're not even coming?
How many tickets can I put you down for?
That was one of the reasons they asked me to join originally, yes. But --
They were fucking called that before I was in it, okay?  It wasn't my idea.
I didn't make up the name.  It's the Steely Dan song.  And it was in The Commitments.
Thanks for your support, Rob.  Really appreciate it.
The band that found me and asked me to join.
My band.
Hey.
Suck my ass.
Yeah, you would say that, wouldn't you?  You two have to stick together now.  Boners United.  United in getting some.
Oh come on, Rob.  What am I, an idiot? I'm more bothered by Dick's thing. How did this happen, Dick?  What rational explanation can there possibly be?  What's her name?
Un-fucking-believable.  Dick's out on a hot date, Rob's boning Marie LaSalle, and the best-looking and most intelligent of all of us isn't getting anything at all.
Fine by me.  I still want pay to 7 o'clock.
I never thought I would say this, but can I go work now?
Because it's a brilliant film.  It's funny, violent, and the soundtrack kicks fucking ass.
How the fuck am I supposed to know that?  You might get sick of people telling you you've really gotta go see the movie.
...But the word "yet..." Yeah, you know what, I'd get the impression that you wanted to see it.  Otherwise you'd say you didn't really want to.
Well... you couldn't have been desperate to see it, otherwise you'd have already gone...
"-- I haven't seen Evil Dead II yet," yeah, yeah, I hear you --
I'm sorry, Rob, but I'm struggling here.  I don't understand any part of this conversation.  You're asking me what I would think if you told me that you hadn't seen a film that you've seen.  What am I supposed to say?
I'd think you were a cinematic idiot. And I'd feel sorry for you.
To me, it would mean that you're a liar.  You saw it twice.  Once with Laura -- oops -- once with me and Dick.  We had that conversation about the possibilities of the guy making ammo off-screen in the Fourteenth Century.
-- You're like a little squirrel of music, storing away dead little nuts of old garbage music, musical lint, old shit, shit, shit --
Ooh!  A kind of recent record!  Rob's sly declaration of new classic-status slipped into a list of old classics! Nice! "Let's Get It On?" Couldn't you make it more obvious than that?
Oh no, Rob, that's not obvious enough. Not at all.  Dick, did you hear that?
Ehh.
What am I missing?  What do you have to be happy about?
What are you snickering about?
What?
We can take your car.
We're only on the fucking list for Marie's gig at the Pulaski Pub, that's all!  All three of us.
I didn't know it was classified information.  I mean, I know we don't have any customers, but I thought that was a bad thing, not, like, a business strategy.
...Maybe a picture of me in the liner notes...
I wanna date a musician...
Yeah.
Oh, now you're defending that motherfucker?  You're going soft in your old age, Rob.  There was a time when you would have chased him out of the store and up the street.  Now all of a sudden I'm offending your golf buddy.  You're right, Rob.  I am so sorry. How are we ever going to make enough money to get you and Laura into the country club?
He offended me with his terrible taste.
Bullshit.  The guy was going to buy one record -- which we didn't even have -- and leave and never come back again anyway.  Why not have a little fun?  Big fucking deal.
"Our customers?" You think that Mr. L.L. Bean out there is going to be a regular?
Oh, so what's the point then?
We didn't even really have it.  I happen to know for a fact that the only Stevie Wonder single we have is "Don't Drive Drunk." I was just goofing on the straight, and it never cost you a penny.
Rob.  Top five musical crimes perpetrated by Stevie Wonder in the '80's and '90's.  Subquestion -- is it in fact unfair to criticize a formerly great artist for his latter- day sins?  "Is it better to burn out than to fade away?"
Well what's the point in that?
Great.  That's the fun of working in a record store.  Playing crappy pap you don't want to listen to.  I thought this tape was going to be, you know, a conversation stimulator. I was going to ask you for your top five records to play on a Monday morning and all that, and you just had to ruin it.
Since when did this shop become a fascist regime?
"Little Latin Lupe Lu."
Play it.
Don't you want to hear what's next?
But it's my new tape.  My Monday morning tape.  I made it last night just for today.
Public Enemy!  All I'm trying to do is cheer us up.  Go ahead and put on some old sad bastard music see if I care.
What are you doing?
IT WON'T GO ANY LOUDER.
NO--!
That is perverse.  Do not tell anyone you don't own fucking Blonde on Blonde.  What about Television?
Do not get ahead of yourself.
They always seemed what?  They always seemed really great, is what they always seemed.  They picked up where your precious Echo left off, and you're sitting here complaining about no more Echo albums.  I can't believe that you don't own that record. That's insane.
Oh really.  Well what about the first Jesus and Mary Chain?
It's almost impossible to find, especially on CD.  Yet another cruel trick on all of the dumbasses who got rid of their turntables.  But every other Echo and the Bunnymen album --
Do you even know your daughter? There is no way she likes that song. Or is she in a coma?
Because it's sentimental tacky crap, that's why not.  Do we look like the kind of store that sells "I Just Called To Say I Loved You?" Go to the mall and stop wasting our time.
No, you can't.
Oh yeah.  We got it.
-- It was Dean, you fucking idiot.
Okay, okay -- "Leader of the Pack." The guy fucking cracks up on a cycle and dies right? "Dead Man's Curve," Jan and Dean...
He's not worth it!
Anna Moss.  Mossy.  The Mossy Thing. The Swamp Thing.  Is she all green and furry?
Anna who?  Anna Green Gables?  Anna Conda?
Who are you going to see?
Why?
We work there!
On Clark Street!
You can be and are wrong.
No, no, no, you said "The Number Four With a Smile," and there's no "The" at the front of the title of the album.
Isn't her album called "Number Four With A Smile?"
Bullshit.
No, not nothing.  What's wrong with the Righteous Brothers?
What?
No.  The Righteous Brothers.
Holy Shiite!  What the fuck's this?
Just that Rob seems to think it would be wiser to start a record label by putting out a record with business- crippling Nazi Youth shoplifters than with someone he knows in his bitter jealous heart is a musical visionary.  That's all.
The Malcolm McClaren of Clark Street is in his executive suite.  Do you have an appointment?
Oh, hi.
"Somebody's Gonna Die" by Blitz. "Bella Lugosi's Dead," Bauhaus. It's got that creepy Halloween feeling.
