What are you talking about?
Where's Rob?
Hey, Barry.
No.  No.  Mom wants you to come to the funeral.  It's on Friday.
Nothing to resolve, Ian.  Let's get a drink.
Mmmm, no.  Not a good idea.
I'm upset, but I'm fine.
Yeah, I'm fine.  I'm off the phone.
I am fine...  I gotta go.  Goodbye.
It's gonna be fine.  These people are ready for anything.
Well, you've asked.
I mean, maybe you're right.  But were you really expecting me to say yes?
I've changed my mind.  That's the most romantic thing I've ever heard. I do.  I will.
About what?
So?
No.  I don't think so.  I'm just curious about how one goes from making tapes for one person to marriage proposals to another in two days. Fair enough?
Very persuasive.
Don't sulk.  What brought all this on?
No.  Probably not.
Well forgive me if I don't think of you as the world's safest bet.
I'm sorry.  But two days ago you were in love with that girl who interviewed you for The Reader, weren't you?
I know.
Ha ha ha.  Hoo hoo hoo.
What are you going to talk to me about?
Right.
Are you going to talk to me, or shall I get my paper out?
Are you worried about tomorrow night?
That's okay.  You seem pissed off all the time, though.
We took care of that.
They'll go on early.  Nobody will even be there yet and I told them they can't play for more than a half hour.
Yeah.  His band is playing a set.
Barry said its done.
What do you ever do that can't be cancelled?
I had that idea when I was living with Ian and it was such a good idea that I was annoyed we weren't together anymore.  It might even be why I came back.
Just local, of course.
Yeah, and he said it's a good way to break out a record.  Especially for what he said, and I quote, "would be a highly anticipated event, locally." He helped me put out a press release.
I called Dan Koretzky because he --
I tricked you into meeting some people you'd think were great.  I thought it would be fun to introduce you to someone with a Tina Turner album and then see whether you still felt the same way.
I know.  But you've never met.  It just seems like a stone unturned in your relationship with him.
At Paul and Miranda's.  Paul from work.
Wanna go to dinner?
Hi.  What are you doing?
All I'm saying is, you have to allow for things to happen to people, most of all to yourself.  Otherwise, what's the use?
How?  What would be the difference between you having a record label and me going from legal aid to private practice?
Yeah, you're alright.  But you're certainly not happy.  So what happens if you get happy?  And yes I know that's the title of an Elvis Costello album, I use the reference deliberately to catch your attention. Should we split up because I'm used to you being miserable?  What happens if you, I don't know, start you're own record label, and it's a success? Time for a new girlfriend?
Less neurotic.  Are you intending to stay the same for the rest of your life?
More confident, maybe.
I can't go to work with my hair dyed pink.  And I can afford to go shopping more now, and I've met a couple people I like over the last year or so.
You haven't changed so much as a pair of socks in the years I've known you.  If we've grown apart, then I'm the one who's done the growing, and all I've done is change jobs.
But what?
Because I'm not allowed to.  I still do, after work.  So, what?  Should we just break up?  Is that what you're saying?  Because if you are, I'm going to run out of patience.
How?  How were we the same people?
Money does not matter.  I do not care how much you earn.  I'd just like you to be a little happier in your work, but beyond that you can do what you like.
I'll pay for you.  Even though you owe me money.  We have to do something with the money I earn.  I need to. I deserve it.  You can just think of it as winning the lottery.
... Like Mexico.  Or Jamaica.  Or New York, even.
Look, Rob.  If great sex was as important as you think it is, and if I was having great sex with him, then we wouldn't be lying here now. And that is my last word on the subject, okay?
To make you feel better.
Well I was gonna lie and now I can't, because you'd know I was lying.
Look, we're okay now.  We just had a nice time.  Let's leave it at that.
What's the difference?
It was like sex.  What else could it be like?
Want to know what, exactly?
Let's go home.  Okay?
I know it's not very romantic, but there will be romance again at some stage, I'm sure.  I just... I need you, Rob.  That's it.  And we know each other and we care for each other, and you've made it clear that you want me back, so...
Ray's a disaster.  I don't know what that was all about, except that sometimes you need someone to lob into the middle of a bad relationship like a hand grenade, I guess, and blow it all apart.
Everything's too hard.  Maybe another time I would have the guts to be on my own, but not now I don't.
I'm too tired not to go out with you.
I lived with you.  You were my partner just a few weeks ago and now you're worried I might kill you, and you're entitled to worry.  Isn't that a terrible thing?  Isn't that sad?
Yes, of course.  There's nothing to worry about.
Oh, Rob, we're not going to go through that again.
I knew there was a reason I wore a skirt today.
Hello.  It doesn't seem so long ago that I looked at you from here.
It'll have to be sex, then.
I want to feel something else than this.  It's either that or I go home and put my hand in the fire.  Unless you want to stub cigarettes out on my arm.
I don't know.  Sometime.  Later. Listen, Rob, would you have sex with me?
C'mon.
I don't want to go back.
I didn't mess things up because I was scared.  I slept with Ray because I was sick of you.  And I needed something to snap me out of it.
Thank you.  I appreciate it.  I can't reciprocate.
You're also an idiot.
You're soaking.
Are you going to lie in that flower bed all night?
Liz'll give you a lift.  She knows where to go and everything... I don't have time to talk, Rob.  I've got too much to do.
Look, are you coming or not?
I don't care.  As long as you don't expect me to hold your hand.
My dad liked you.  And Mom never told him we'd split, because he wasn't up to it and... oh, I don't know.  I don't really understand it.  I think she thinks he'll be able to see what's going on.  It's like...  He's been through so much, what with dying and everything, that she doesn't want to upset him any more than she has to.
In a minute.  When I get it together.
I'm sorry.
My dad died.  My dad, my dad.
Pig died.
Pigsty.
I can't talk right now.
Hello.
Well, think about it.
You're being deliberately obtuse.
I'm sorry to go on about it.  But, I don't know, there's a lesson here somewhere, and I want to make sure you get it.
They're not really, though, are they? I know you bought them for me, and that was really sweet of you, but that was when you were trying to turn me into you.  I can't take them, I know they'd just sit around staring at me, and I'd feel embarrassed by them and... they don't fit in with the rest of what's mine, do you understand?  That Sting record you bought for me... that was a present for me.  I like Sting and you hate him.  But the rest of this stuff...  Who the hell is Nick Lowe?  Or Gram Parsons?  Or the Boredoms?  I don't know these people.  I...
Those aren't mine.
Oh ho, so very infrequently.
Mmm hmm.
You make me laugh much more than Ray does, if that's what you're getting at.  But I already knew you could make me laugh.  It's everything else I don't know about.
Ray.  I hate Ian.
You know I didn't mind.  And it's not as if Ray's place is any better.
Fix it up.  It'll make you feel better.
You know what I mean.
I don't really want to talk about it, to be honest.
I'm sure.
He's at home.  Listen, I can't believe he went to the store.  I'm mortified, actually.  I'm really sorry.  He had no right to do that, and I told him so.
Yep.  I might have missed some stuff. I'm so used to some things being here that I don't even notice them.
I called and called but you were out.  I thought I'd be gone before you got back.
You don't ever think about other people?
I'm not experimenting.  Why don't you go experiment.
Jesus.  I do not know.  I'll talk to you later.
I'm not -- hold on...
I figured it was.  Where are you?
Hello.
Call me at work.  We can arrange to meet properly.  I don't want this to be the last conversation we have.  I know what you're like.
Will you call me?
We can meet for another drink if you want.  So I can explain it better. I owe you that much.
And anyway, I keep trying to tell you, that's not really the point, is it?  The point is we got ourselves into an awful mess, Rob...  Are you there?  What are you thinking?
You must have known it would happen. You couldn't have been entirely unprepared.  Like you said, I've been living with the guy.  We were bound to get around to it sometime.
Oh, Rob.  What do you want me to say?
Is that why you wanted to see me?
I told you I slept with him.
So, how are you?
We'll talk some other time.
I'm sorry to call, but I need that stuff...
Hi.  I've been looking for an envelope of my receipts from last month and I'm thinking I didn't take them with me.  Have you seen them around?
Will you please just go?
No.  I was living with you, remember? We've slept together but we haven't made love.  Not yet.  But I'll tell you one thing.  The sleeping together is better.
I haven't felt like it.
Well the answer is that I don't know either.  We haven't done it yet.
You really think it would make a difference either way?
Jesus Christ, Rob.  Is that really what's bothering you?
Is what better?  Better than what?
Just ask it!
Nevermind.
Fine.  One.
I'm too tired for this now.  I know I'm asking a lot, but will you take off for a while so I can get my stuff packed up?  I need to be able to think while I do it and I can't think while you're here.
Okay, okay, we have a nine percent chance of getting back together. Does that clarify the situation?
-- I don't fucking know what chance you fucking have!
Oh, Rob, shut up.
I suppose so.
I don't know.
Look.  Maybe you'll grow up and we'll get it together, you and me.  Maybe I'll never see either of you again. I don't know.  All I know is that it's not a good time to be living here.
I am not living with him.  I've just been staying with him for a few days until I work out what I'm doing. Look, this has nothing to do with anyone else.  You know that, don't you?  I left because we weren't exactly getting along, and we weren't talking about it.  And I suddenly realized that I like my job, and I like what my life is could be turning into, and that I'm getting to a point where I want to get my shit together and I can't really see that ever happening with you, and yeah, yeah, I sort of get interested in someone else, and that went further than it should have, so it seemed like a good time to go.  But I have no idea what will happen with Ian in the long run.  Probably nothing.
Rob.  Don't be childish.
Did you say something?
What?
I guess it's not that obvious, then.
What's the obvious stuff?
What were the others?
What?  Gimme a fucking break.  Is that what you think?  That your not big enough a deal for me?  Jesus, gimme a little credit, Rob.
I'm sorry.  I haven't been very fair to you.  That's why I came here to the store this evening.  I feel terrible, Rob.  This is really hard, you know.
I think you know that.
Have you tackled the Great Reorganization yet?
And do you like it that way?
You really believe that?
Yeah, sure.  More so then than I am now.  That's life though, isn't it?
Well, I liked you.  You were a deejay, and I thought you were hot, and I didn't have a boyfriend, and I wanted one.
I remember the song.  I just couldn't remember who sang it.
Is that right?  I'd like a word with him.
-- and who says I like Marvin Gaye, anyway?
-- whatever, and the Israelis and the Palestinians don't.  Art Garfunkel and Marvin Gaye are not engaged in a bitter territorial dispute, and the Israelis and the Palestinians are. Art Garfunkel and Marvin Gaye --
It's not like saying that at all, actually, Rob.  Art Garfunkel and Marvin Gaye make pop records --
Yes.  Well, I'm coming over to your house to get some things.
I thought I could give you a lift back.
Hi.
I should be so lucky.
We've done the hard part now.  I might as well, you know...
