And I've never been asked--Look, you want the dough back? You know who I am! You--
*Screw* you--Jesus! Take it to a lawyer! No, I insist! This is *dry* cleaning, this is not some fly-by- night thing here! I must say, I've been an entrepreneur for thirteen years and I've never--
Well, there it is. Writ large in legal escriture, next step is--
...Yeah, that's it. As per our discussion.
Yeah, good. Lemme just, uh...
...Just a second here, I'll give you a receipt on the, uh... Whoa, Nellie... Oh, by the way, we didn't talk about this, I, uh, I think I'm gonna call the place Tolliver's, after me, you know, I didn't think you were much interested in, uh--
Yeah, screw 'em, huh? Pay 'em to tangle it up and then you pay 'em to untangle it, what's the point?
Pretty straightforward, but I don't know if you wanna show this stuff to a lawyer--
I got the paperwork here. Partnership papers here, they reflect our agreement: fifty-fifty on the net, I supply professional services, you supply the capital. I'll give you a receipt on the dough there, huh?
...Usually we do this kind of thing with a bank draft. But cash--that's fine--it's all the same in the end-- dough's dough, huh?
Cash?!
...You bring a check?
Right! Strictly business.
No problem!
Maybe.
...it just goes to show, when one door slams shut, another one opens. Here's to ya, uh...
Well, I'll be damned. The barber! And I thought this trip was a bust. Well...
Fifty-fifty, straight down the line. You and me. Finance and expertise. So--you've got the dough then, do ya?
Do? Hell, nothing. Well, you'll want to keep tabs on your investment, of course, but I'm looking for a silent partner. I've done the research, I've contacted the vendors, the deal is set. I'm just looking for venture capital, friend. Disappear if you want, check in whenever you like--I want the dough; I don't take attendance.
Sure.
Come in, come in, siddown over there. Coffee?
You got the dough?!
...I didn't recognize you without the smock. Did I--damn--did I leave something at the shop?
Jesus! The barber! I'll be a sonofagun. Why didn't you say so? 'Course--the barber.
Sorry, friend, I, uh, you got me at a disadvantage.
That's right! Dry cleaning--remember the name. It's going to revolutionize the laundry industry, and those that get in early are gonna bear the fruit away. All I need is $10,000 to open my first store, then I use its cash flow to finance another, and so on-- leap frog, bootstrap myself a whole chain. Well, me and a partner. Cleanliness, friend. There's money in it. There's a future. There's room to grow... Say, that's looking pretty good. Let's see it with the hairpiece on...
It's called dry cleaning. You heard me right, brother, 'dry cleaning'-- wash without water, no suds, no tumble, no stress on the clothes. It's all done with chemicals, friend, and your garments end up crisp and fresh. And here's the capper: no shrinkage.
Well, it's the wildest goose there is. Risk money. Very speculative. Except, Ed, in certain situations, it's not, see? I thought I had a prospect here. Well, I make the haul up and this lousy so-and-so tells me his situation has changed--all his capital's gonna be tied up in expansion plans of his own. Thank you, mother! Pop goes another bubble! It's only the biggest business opportunity since Henry Ford and I can't seem to interest a soul!
A goose, friend. I was chasing a wild goose. Ed, have you ever heard of venture capital?
