They too use the toilet, Ed. In spite of appearances. And their money will be secured by the barbershop. A rock. A *rock*, the barbershop. I mean, how long has *this* place been here?
Just people. They gotta put up the big front so that people will trust them with their money. This is why the big lobby, Ed. But they put their pants on one leg at a time. Just like you and me.
They're just people like you and me, Ed. Remember that.
The hell with it, Eddie!
I don't care what it costs! This is when ya come together!
Close ranks! Goddamnit! Those sons of bitches!
This is what family is for, Ed! This is when ya come together!
Damn, I got a headache to beat the band.
You don't got a headache?
...How you today, Ed?
What the hell are you talking about?
What the--
Come on, Eddie, you're gonna scare the kid.
Yeah--lucky for us, huh, pal?
Whuddya mean?
Yeah.
Huh?
...You sure, Eddie?
Sure, go to the store. Go there, describe to the man where you will be fishing, and for what, and the weather conditions, sun, no sun, whatnot, and so forth, and then you might as well have the man go ahead and sell you the goddamn FISH, Ed...
Sportsmanship! That's my point. June fly, Ed? Mosquito? Which of these? Well, what fish do you seek?
The point is there's a certain art to the process. The point is not merely to provide, and let me point out, these fish are not as dumb as you might think.
...so you tie your own flies, Ed. I mean, if you're really serious. You tie your own flies, you do a--I know it's matickless, I know, people say, hey, you can buy flies at the store-- but you can buy your fish at the store, Ed, you see what I'm saying?
Jesus...
Russians exploded an A-bomb.
...Ed?
How d'ya like them apples?
Says here that the Russians exploded n A-bomb and there's not a damn thing we can do about it.
No, he's family, he's my brother-in- law.
Second chair.
He's a barber.
Sure. Can Ed come too?
Yes, sir.
Hey, what's your problem, friend? This is a business establishment with posted hours--
We're just closing, friend.
