Sounds tempting. I prefer mine with a twist of fate. You know like us meeting. Don't go away...
Sounds like a french word, what is it?
I'll grow old. We'll both die. And we'll never have known each other. That's sad. At least one drink for a dreamer...What's your favorite drink?
Look, I know you get approached a lot by dubious men, but I'm different, I never talk to strangers, all my life I've been waiting for the right person to walk across the room... you're that person, you don't know it but I do and if you walk away now I'll never see you again or you me. You'll grow old.
Hi...can I buy you a drink? I'm celebrating tonight.
Thank you, Janet...thank you, Mr. Lynch.
I'd love to, Mr. Lynch, thank you.
I don't think you're being fair, sir. You assigned me this guy, and you know he's got a history...
Mr. Lynch, I swear to you, he's lying!
He's lying.
... That's what you told us to say.
...sounds dubious Chuck, but Piping Rock any day.
...you take that Anacott Steel?
Wanna play some tennis Saturday?
Great Charlie, any better it'd be a sin.
...not that you learned anything, Chunk.
...if I had your looks, better.
...hey Chuckie, how's the woman- slayer?
Now! Tell everyone to dump!
Start unloading.
I want to make it up to you. Bluestar, put all your clients in it.
Get the hell out!
Then get out and close it behind you.
Didn't I tell you to knock before you came in here?
What's going on?
Anacott Steel. Buy it.
All right, I owe you one Marv.
Hey Marv, he demanded confidentiality...
Marv,  ...I just bagged the elephant!
Cindy. Having sex with her is like reading the Wall Street Journal 'cept the Journal don't talk back. 'Sides this AIDS crap is ruining romance, nobody trusts anybody anymore, gotta get a blood test in the toilet before you leave a bar together, somebody oughtta invent an AIDS dipstick, no kidding, make a fortune. I gotta get to work... Z's today.
...gotta read my reports.
Yeah, but he didn't see me.
Of course he's busy, and so am I. Five minutes. That's all I'm asking. I know that if he could only hear what I have to say... it would change his life.
Hello, Natalie -- guess who? That's right, and you know everyday I say to myself, today could be the day... So what do you say... will you marry me? Then please can you get me through to Mr. Gekko?
Thanks Marv, I'll make it good to you.  You know what my dream is? One day to be on the other end of that phone...
Howard the Jerk reneged on me. I've got to cover his loss to the tune of about seven grand! I'm tapped out man, American Express got a hit man looking for me.
Thanks, Marv, with that I might be able to qualify for welfare.
Joke about it. I was up all night charting these stocks. You want to see this or what?
I gotta feeling we're going to make a killing today, Marv.
Dad, I'm going to jail and you know it.
Yeah, don't want to be late for my own funeral.
No, thanks, I'm nervous enough.
Your words, not mine...
Your men! All my life "your men" have been able to count on you? Why is it that you've never been there for me?
Your responsibility, Dad, is to present the facts, not your opinions, to the men... you're gonna destroy their lives, Dad! Don't do it to 'em. Give it a chance. Let the membership decide for themselves, Dad. Please.
That's because you never had the guts to go out into the world and stake your claim.
No, what I see is a jealous old machinist who can't stand that his son's become more successful than himself.
Dad, you know Duncan Wilmore, pilot's union, and Toni Carpenter, flight attendants...
...gotta run Dad. You stop smoking, you hear?
Wait... next week's booked. Let me check with my girl and get back to you on Monday.
... Dad, you should've been a CEO. How about dinner?
Don't worry about the loans. I'm doing good Dad and it's gonna stay that way now... least buy yourself a new suit.
Dividend. I figure I owe you about five thousand in nickels and dimes...
Alright. Why so pissed?
Client. Got a private jet over at Butler Aviation... Dad, you always gotta light up when you see me, it's the...
The FAA announcement.
You sure about this FAA announcement?
Hey to Bluestar, as your broker all I can advise is hold on to that stock Dad...
That's great Dad.
...Work okay?
How's Mom?
Not in here Dad... please. Later.
Can you spare three hundred? Pay you back next month, promise.
It's Queens, Dad and a 5% mortgage and you rent the top room--I gotta live in Manhattan to be a player, Dad. There's no nobility in poverty anymore, y'know. One day you're going to be proud of me, you'll see...
50 K don't get you to first base in the Big Apple, Dad, not any more. I pay 40% in taxes, I got a rent of 15,000, I got school loans, car loans, food, park my car costs me 3 bills a month, I need good suits, that's $500 a pop, shoes...
Dad, it takes time. You gotta build a customer list. I'm doing it. I could make more money in one year as a broker than five years at the airline.
Look Dad, I'm not a salesman. How many times I gotta tell you I'm an account executive, and pretty soon I'm going to the investment banking side of the firm.
Coulda been a contender.
D.K. -- didn't know -- who I was when the options he bought took a bath. He reneged on me.
Ah, I had a tough day. Some jerk D.K'd me and I gotta cover his loss.
It's called pasta now Dad, spaghetti's out of date.
...thanks Natalie.
It's in the bible, see. You better go buy him a present. Please, Natalie. Let me give him the gift; Cuban cigars--Davidoff, his favorite and hard to get.
...And you're even lovelier than I pictured. I brought a birthday present for Mr. Gekko.
Hello, Natalie, you recognize the voice? I'll give you a hint, you're thinking seriously about marrying me...
Good. Then call him back. And call me back. Don't worry.
Yes! Read the Constitution, it's all in there. And remember--you don't know anything, nothing.
They won't. That's not their jurisdiction.
Tell 'em your father gave it to you.
Look Dixon, calm down! It's not illegal to buy stock or to be right. And it's not all that unusual to be spot checked on a big buy. Tell him you did your homework and you thought the stock was a sound investment.
What'd you tell him?
No, no Dixon, my client wants to buy a large, large block of stock and needs to spread it around. I'll park some money in your account and if it hits, you get a big cut. I'm telling you, this is the easiest money you ever made...
It's ready to take off. I'd jump all over it if I were you.
Rising profits...strong balance sheets, good earnings per share.
Let's see, it closed at uh, 41 1/8...  Up a quarter...very attractive... about average yield...
Like? Uh...hmmm. Well...
So, where are we going?
We are?
Lisa. Gordon? Oh, Mr. Gekko. Sure. Would you, uh, like to come in?
He never told me...
Sure Roger, whatever you want, it's cool.
....Relax Roget  You're 82M in the account numbers and I'm the Invisible Man... they're always looking for red flags, Gekko's always getting checked by them, they never come up with anything... we're invulnerable on this...
So what's the problem?
...and you don't have to put up a dime, Roger.
More money than you ever dreamed, Roger. And the thing is no one gets hurt...how bout a beer?
Relax, Roger, everybody's doing it but you don't know, you don't know.
Who's listening? It's just one college buddy talking to another.
What about you, I hear you guys are handling the Fairchild Foods merger and it may not be going through. Any surprises I haven't read about in the Wall Street Journal?
Yeah, check out Teldar Paper, it's still not over.
"What are you thinking?"...that was it. The hours are hell, but the money's starting to tumble in. I know this guy who's got an iron- clad way to make money, I can't lose and I can't get hurt.
Nah, she asked the wrong question.
Well we're thinking of putting up a statue of you in the subway. I hear you're moving up in the world. An associate already. Not bad. How's Margie?
Gordon.
Gordon, it's two minutes to close. What do you want to do?! Decide.
...I can't make it tonight.
Obviously...
How much is enough Gordon?
Tell me, Gordon--when does it all end? How many yachts can you waterski behind? How much is enough?
If these people lose their jobs, nowhere to go. My father worked at Bluestar for twenty-four years. I gave 'em my word.
Why do you need to wreck this company?
Maybe you ought to read him Pinocchio. You told me you were going to turn Bluestar around. Not upside down. You used me.
I found out about the garage sale down at Bluestar. Why?
I'm sorry, this can't wait.
Now, wait a minute, Dad...
And I'd like to introduce you to Mr. Gekko, and his lawyer, Mr. Salt.
I can talk to these people Gordon, they trust me...and my father can be a big help in getting cuts.
The three unions. It's 43% of Bluestar's operating budget, the hourly cost of a flight crew is $850 an hour, that's the real hidden value G.G., if you can negotiate that out, get a crew down to $350-400 an hour a run, this airline is gonna be the hottest thing since Texas Air...
Gordon, I worked at Bluestar, I know my way around, I have friends there...inside.
Gordon what I want--and I never asked you for anything--is to be your co-pilot on this. I want to take this airline, turn it around, and make it work. It's gonna make us a fortune!
Yeah aren't you forgetting something Gordon: rule one, capital reserves. This company has $75 million cash in an overfunded pension. That buys us a lot of credibility...  ...and the beauty is you already own close to two percent of this sucker...
I think I got some friends that won't mind making some easy money...
How much?
...Gordon.
Mr. Gekko, I'm there for you 110%.
"All warfare is based on deception..." Sun Tzu says, If your enemy is superior, evade him, if angry, irritate him, if equally matched, fight... if not, split and reevaluate.
The break up value is higher. It's worth 80.
I guess I'll head back...
Sorry, Mr. Gekko.
My firm needs your signature on these option agreements tonight, sir, otherwise we could take a real bath tomorrow.
...we have 37.2 million invested. At this point, we're up 3.1 million and some change. If it goes to 75 bucks we can clean close to 12 mill.
I got all I could get which was 750,000 shares plus 5000 March 50 calls. Average price of $47 a share And $4 per contract for the call. I just wish I could've got more.
What about hard work?
Follow him? Mr. Gekko I...  It's not what I do. I could lose my license. If the SEC found out, I could go to jail. It's inside information, isn't it?
I don't understand.
I remember that deal. You were involved?
'Course. Larry Wildman. One of the first raiders.
Yes...
What? How do you know about my father?
Uh, Mr. Gekko, we took a little loss today. We got stopped out on Tarafly...  ...about 50 thousand.
Nice club, Mr. Gekko...
Mr. Gekko, I don't think I can...go on.
Excuse me sir.
Mr. Gekko -- thank you for the chance. You won't regret this, you're with a winner.
No sir, that would've been illegal...
Bluestar was at 21 and an eighth when I left the office. It might spin up to 25 by the bell...
...I can't even see it...
Nice to see you again Mr. Gekko.
My home number's on the back...
I know...the decision'll clear the way for new planes and route contracts. There's only a small float out there, so you should grab it. Good for a five point pop.
There was a crash last year. They just got a favorable ruling on a lawsuit. Even the plaintiffs don't know.
A comer. 80 medium-body jets. 300 pilots, flies northeast, Canada, some Florida and Caribbean routes... great slots in major cities...
Chart break-out on this one here...uh Whitewood-Young Industries...low P.E. Explosive earnings. 30% discount from book. Great cash flow. Coupla 5% holders. Strong management.
Can't tell you that, Mr. Gekko.
...Yeah, and we're working on some other interesting stuff.
Jackson, Steinem...
I just want to let you know Mr. Gekko I read all about you at NYU Business, and I think you're an incredible genius and I've always dreamed of only one thing -- to do business with a man like you...
Oh no, no...
How do you do Mr. Gekko. I'm Bud Fox.
Why?
Get the hell out!
I'm looking...and I sure don't like what I see.
You really mean that?  What'd he promise you? To take you public? I guess without Gordon's money and seal of approval, I'm not such a hot investment anymore. You're just the best money can buy, Darien...
What the hell's that supposed to mean?
I can stay with the brokerage firm. And you're doing fine. We can survive without Gordon Gekko.
At least I wouldn't be pulling the trigger.
I'm not gonna let it happen Darien.
Talk about being bent over the sink of life and being dry humped. I handed it to him on a silver platter. I told my father and those people...
Fear. The fear of being poor I guess, just like you, Darien... But that's all gonna change sweetheart. I'm catching the express...  ... and you're going along for the ride.
...that changes all my plans, I thought you were loaded...
Sure, why not, money's the sex of the 80's. I never had it like you when I was growing up, baby, it wasn't the upper east side.
I love you, baby. Did I tell you that sometime in the last 24 hours?
You think I'm gonna broker the rest of my life... I'm going to be a giant, Darien, an entrepreneur in the Italian 15th century sense of the word -- a mover, shaker.
Bud, I hate to tell you this but you're a genius!  Darien...lightning has struck! The lightbulb has been invented. Edison, Da Vinci, Einstein are watching...
It's not me I'm worried about...You know Darien, the only reason we haven't slept together is because we both know we will -- and not knowing when was the only surprise left. You owe me, I want you, what else is there...but you, me, the world.  ...right here...make love to me...now...  Stop me if I'm going too far.
That's right -- one with high yield, rich assets and no downside...
I'm kidding, I'm kidding, we're still young, Darien. So what's money anyway when everybody's making it, it's all relative. After all, this is not the house in Connecticut, this is just a crash pad good for a couple of years...before we slip our two lovely kids, Yuppie and Fruppie into the Lycee Francaise.
Sure... But your fee... considering you're way over budget, should be negotiable.
You know, the elevator man couldn't believe I paid $300,000 to have my walls looking like this, he's got them for free in Brooklyn.
...too perfect...let's not even eat. Let's just watch it and think about it.
You're not trouble by any chance. Are you?
Well, why stop at that?
And what do you want?
The conference, oh yeah. Fine. We reached an agreement and decided to divide up the world between us.
Yeah, almost...
How would I know? I once bet a horse. He went out at ten to one and came in at quarter to five.
Devon? He looks like Seattle Slew. What about the Triple Crown?
Only if I want something bad enough.
So. See you Friday.
You may call me a yuppie... It's Mister Yuppie to you.
Break it.
Oh it's just a rental. I'm moving to the East Side soon. I've got a couple of deals brewing with Gordon.  but that's just conversation... what about real things? Like dinner. The two of us. Friday. Cafe. Santo Domingo.
Upper West Side.
Well, if you're that good, you could probably do wonders at my place.
I gather you're a decorator.
Boy, I thought Gordon was a tough businessman, but somebody's really taking him to the cleaners here.
You could have a great beach house for that.
...few thousand dollars down the drain if you ask me.
Stock broker. As in: never have so few done so little for so much. So what do you see in this?
Destiny took us apart, but I knew it would bring us back together.
Grand Marnier. A romantic and tragic drink.
Hello again, I been holding these drinks for us for the last three weeks.
Oh Christ!
...Janet get my father on the phone and the two other union reps, urgent...
...how do you know? You wish...
Any better and I'd be guilty.
Great Carolyn, doing any better would be a sin...
...just kickin' ass and taking names, Mr. Mannheim.
It's a winner Mr. Mannheim, trust me -- buy.
You're right, Mr. Mannheim, but you gotta get to the big time first, then you can be a pillar and do good things.
Mr. Mannheim, got a sure thing.  Anacott Steel.
Old values. Buy.
Sleep with me and the secrets of the West are yours.
You got a look in your eye, Mr. Mannheim... You got something for the small fry...
