Maybe that's the price, Bud, maybe so. It's gonna be rough on you but maybe in some screwed up way, that's the best thing that can happen to you...stop trading for the quick buck and go produce something with your life, create, don't live off the buying and selling of others...
I guess it's time to hit the road.
Another cup of coffee?
You speak for me, son.
I'll be damned that when my men come to me tomorrow morning, wanting to know what's going on, I'm going to lie to them!
...as far as being axed, I'm still here and as long as I am, I have a responsibility not just to me but to the union members I represent...
Boy, if that's what you think, I must've really screwed up my job as a father.
What you see, son, is a man who never measured success by the size of a man's wallet.
He's got your prick in his back pocket, son, and you're standing naked in the display window of Macy's. He's using you. Only you're too blind to see it.
I met them before you were born.
Yeah, you do that huckleberry. I'll still be here.
Whatever night you like.
Problem with money is you never have enough or you got too much -- and when you got it you're never happy 'cause somebody's always trying to take it away from you. Money's one giant pain in the ass y'ask me... thanks.
What do I need a fancy suit for. I don't hobnob with the jet set. I just fix their planes.
...don't be crazy. Put it to your school loans.
Sure...lots of guys at the track talk like that... but how do you know you'll have any dough next month...  What's this? I gave you two hundred.
Goddamn fare wars are murdering us. Had to lay off five guys. Nothing I could do. What is it... money?
Don't start, alright.
What brings you out here...
Sure I'm sure. Buddy, you got that mischievous look in your eyes. You used to smile just like that when you were a baby sleeping, just like that.
About what?
Damn right, it gets us out from under suspension. We'll get those new routes to Pittsburgh and Boston and the equipment we need. We're gonna compete with the big boys now.
...this drug testing is driving my guys nuts. I got flagged for my blood pressure pills. The only good news is, we just met with the comptroller over some union stuff...'member that crash last summer? and the investigation? Well, the FAA is gonna rule it was a manufacturing flaw in the door latch mechanism. I kept telling 'em it wasn't maintenance, it was those goddamn greedy manufacturers out in Cincinnati. And I was right.
...same, pain in the ass, god bless her, talks too much... gonna take her to Florida next month... west coast, near Tampa, like to get out for good, but can't afford it.
... it adds up Buddy, 300 here, 200 there. Your brother never...  ...well, I always said money is something you need in case you don't die tomorrow...
...Got a 100 on me, you...
It's yourself you've got to be proud of, Huckleberry, how much ya need?
So come home and live rent free, 'stead of that cockroach palace you live in. $50,000 Jesus Christ, the world is off its rocker. I made $37,000 last year and you...
I don't get it, you get a scholarship to NYU, you get 35,000 the first year, and 50 last year, where the hell is it?
You get on the phone and ask strangers for their money, right? You're a salesman.
you coulda stayed at Bluestar and been a supervisor in instead of going customer relations by now, 'stead of going off and bein' a salesman.
I told you not to go into that racket. You could've been a doctor or a lawyer,
Speak English will ya.
... looks like you grown another inch... but you don't look so hot, getting bags under your eyes, starting to look old like me.
...leave me alone willya. Only thing makes me feel good anymore. Spaghetti. She makes lousy spaghetti...
...that "scum" built this company up from one plane in thirty years, they made something out of nothing, and if that's a scum I'll take one over a rat any day...
No, it's a prophecy. The rich have been doing it to the poor since the beginning of time. The only difference between the Pyramids and the Empire State Building is that the Egyptians didn't have unions.  I know what this guy is about-- greed--he's in and out for the buck and he don't take prisoners. He don't give a damn about Northstar or us ...
There came into Egypt a Pharoah who did not know.
I thought this was an informal meeting. What's he doing here?
