Sell it all.  What the hell, so I'll only make ten million.
Who the hell's out there? What are the arbs saying? It's gotta be a big hitter.
Tell those spineless toads we'll self-insure if they don't write it... You fire 33 vice presidents and nothing changes...  You eating twinkies today, Bud, or are you schtupping some stewardess...
If I ever need surgery, get me the heart of an arb like Yurovich, it's never been used...Happy Holideals Harold...
Look Harold, they're vulnerable, alright, but we don't want 'em to think they're under accumulation. Go slow. Call Geneva and the Bahamas for me, will ya? We feint towards it but we wait...
You sandbagged me on Bluestar.  I guess you think you taught the teacher a lesson, that you can make the tail wag the dog, huh?
Hello Bud.
Dump it.
Are you with me Buddy?
Believe me, Buddy, I was gonna discuss this with you at the right time. Look, why don't you calm down and come to the apartment for dinner tonight. Bring Darien...
The richest one percent of this country owns half the country's wealth: 5 trillion dollars. One third of that comes from hard work, two thirds of it comes from inheritance, interest on interest accumulation to widows and idiot sons and what I do -- stock and real estate speculation. It's bullshit. Ninety percent of the American people have little or no net worth. I create nothing; I own. We make the rules, Buddy, the news, war, peace, famine, upheaval; the cost of a paper clip.  We pull the rabbit out of the hat while everybody else sits around their whole life wondering how we did it...  ...you're not naive enough to think we're living in a democracy are you, Buddy? It's the free market. You're one of us now...take advantage of it. You got the killer instinct, kid, stick with me. I got things to teach you...
Buddy, it's not a question of enough. It's a zero sum game, sport. Somebody wins and somebody loses. Money itself isn't lost or made, it's simply transferred from one perception to another. Like magic. That painting cost $60,000 10 years ago. I could sell it today for $600,000. The illusion has become real. And the more real it becomes, the more desperately they want it. Capitalism at its finest.
It's all about bucks, kid, the rest is conversation...  Bud, you're still going to be president. And when the time comes, you'll parachute out a rich man. With the money you're going to make, your father won't have to work another day in his life.
Because it's wreckable. I took another look and I changed my mind.
You're walking around blind without a cane, sport. A fool and his money are lucky to get together in the first place.
Last night I read Rudy the story of Winnie the Pooh and the Honey pot. Know what happened: he stuck his nose in that honey pot once too often and got stung.
What the hell do you want?
I didn't know we had a meeting schedule for this morning.
Sure. What's worth doing is worth doing for money. It's a bad bargain where nobody gains. And if this deal goes through, we all gain.
A pleasure to meet you, Mr. Fox.
Alright... Susan, get Buckingham on the box. I want him to look at it. And tell Jock Taylor at Thwick, Jensen...  So sport, the falcon has heard the falconer...tell me more...
What makes you think you can?
What does that mean?
I'm talking to a stockbroker who wants to run an airline. It's gonna take me two years and 2000 headaches to turn Teldar Paper around, what do I need this dink airline for? I'm up to my ass in more nuts than a fruitcake.
Mixed emotions, Buddy: like Larry Wildman going off a cliff in my new Maserati. Men as smart as myself have got their asses handed to them on a sling with the airlines, fuel could go up, unions are killers...
The art of which is deception. Spread the buy orders through different accounts and you won't get burned...
Close to two million.  But this sucker can go all the way to Devon and the nationals.
Got him at an auction in Kentucky.
Yeah, I'm gonna make you rich, Bud Fox. I'm gonna make you rich enough you can afford a girl like Darien. Remember, power is the best aphrodisiac. This is your wake-up call. Go to work.
You don't understand. I want to be surprised...astonish me, sport, new info, don't care where or how you get it, just get it... My wife tells me you put a move on Darien. Here's some inside info for you. That Euroflash GQ guy she's going with's got big bucks but he's putting her feet to sleep. Exit visas are imminent. So don't lose your place in line.  Oh, jeez, I wish you could see this. The lights coming up over the water. I've never seen a painting that captures the beauty of the ocean at this moment.  ...an old Russian proverb - "a fisherman always sees another fisherman from afar." I like you sport, I ever tell you that... Gordon, call me Gordon from now on.
Money never sleeps pal. When I came in in '69, they traded six hours a day, now the clock don't stop, London's deregulated, the Orient is hungrier than us. Just let the money circle the world, sport, buying and selling, and if you're smart it comes back paying. I just made $800,000 in Hong Kong gold. It's been wired to you -- play with it. You done good, but you gotta keep doing good. I showed you how the game works, now school's out.
You're learning, sport...
He's right. I had to sell. The key to the game is your capital reserves. You don't have enough, you can't pee in the tall weeds with the big dogs.
But we don't want to be greedy now, so let's let him have it at $72.
Stick around... Larry, one of my "gang" -- Bud Fox.
Allright. Wait here...
...Can't it wait? I'm good for it.  ...Awright. Come out, get the directions from Natalie and hurry up.
You're walking between the raindrops kid. I expect Sir Larry is choking on his royal chamber pot by now.
I'll be right there, fix them a drink.
Don't expect to get it all, sport, you'll burn out. First rule of business is never get emotional about stock, clouds the judgment. Where do we stand?
What about it? You work hard. I'll bet you stayed up all night analyzing that dog you bought. And where'd it get you?... my father worked hard too like an elephant pushing electrical supplies. And he dropped dead at 49 with a heart attack and a tax bill and the bank pissed on his grave and took the house; my mom ended up working in a dish factory... Wake up pal, if you're not inside you're outside. And I'm not talking a $200,000 a year working Wall Street stiff flying first class and being "comfortable", I'm talking rich pal, rich enough to fly in your own jet, rich enough not to waste time, 50-100 million, a player Bud -- or nothing. You had what it takes to let through my door. Next question: You got what it takes to stay...??
Inside information. Oh you mean like when a father tells his son about a court ruling on an airline? Or someone overhears me saying I'm gonna buy Teldar Paper? Or the chairman of the board of XYZ suddenly knows it's time to blow out XYZ. You mean that?  I'm afraid sport, unless you got a father on the board of directors of another company, you and I are gonna have a hard time doing any business...
Wildman's in town. He just became an American citizen. Something big's about to go down. I want to know where he goes and who he sees. I want you, sport, to give me the missing half of the picture...
Revenge is a dish best served cold... well, it's payback time, sport.  ... see that building? I bought into it ten years ago. It was my first real estate deal. I sold it a couple of years later and made an $800,000 dollar profit. It was better than sex. At that time I thought that was all tne money in the world...  Now, it's a day's pay ... I had a mole in Wildman's employ. Gave me half the picture, then he got fired...
Sir Larry Wildman. Like all Brits he thinks he was born with a better pot to piss in... bribed an old secretary of mine to open bar mouth and stole RDL Pharmaceuticals right out from under me. Wildman the white knight.
Know the name?
The most valuable commodity I know of is information. Wouldn't you agree on that?
I guess your father's not a union representative on that company.
Yeah... not bad for a City College boy. Bought my way into this club and now every one of these ivy league schmucks is sucking my kneecaps...I just got on the Board of the Zoological Society, cost me a million; that's the thing with WASPS -- they like animals but they can't stand people!
...finish out the game, Bud, push yourself...
...come on sport, you gotta try harder, I need some exercise for chrissake...
...put the rest of it in a money market account for now. I want to see what you know before I invest it...and save the cheap salesman talk, it's obvious.
Sure...relax sport, no one's gonna blow a whistle. Here, is this legal?...you wanna put it in my account?
Teldar's shooting up. Buy any for yourself? Bet you were on the phone two minutes after you got out of my office.
...for my kid Rudy -- 3 years old, electronics freak, got a liquid crystal display 'stead of an electronic beam. We're going into a new age pal. So how's business today.
See this? Can you believe it? Two inch screen...
Hi sport.
Bud Fox, I look at a hundred ideas a day. I choose one.
How do you know?
...don't like airlines, lousy unions...
...rings a bell somewhere. So what?
It's a dog, what else you got, sport, besides connections at the airport?
So whatta you got for me, sport? Why are you here?
...A cosmetics company by any chance? What are you, the 12th man on the deal team? The last to know?
...going places, good junk bond department, you got the financing on that Syndicam deal.
So what firm you with, pal?
Within 45 seconds, a microprocessor computes your systolic and diastolic pressure. Has an LCD readout, and it's cost effective -- less than one visit to the doctor.
So what s on your mind kimosabe? Why am I listening to you? Got to monitor my blood pressure, so whatever you do, don't upset me.
So you say. Nice to meet you; hope you're intelligent. Like these, how'd you get these?
Fine, if you don't want us, stay with the scum in present management--dedicated to running you and Bluestar into the ground.
I beg your pardon. Is that a proverb?
Frankly, Carl, I can't see giving much more. If you have any suggestions I'll be glad to listen.
Harold, you don't mind strolling around the block a couple hundred times, do you?
Ooh ooh, tough talk from a scared little girl all wrapped in a pretty grown-up package. Does this mean you're ready to cut the umbilical cord and step out into the world on your own? Because, Darien, if you're through with me, you're through with everything I'm a part of.
You and I are the same, Darien. We're smart enough not to buy into the oldest myth running: love... A fiction created by people who got nothing to keep them from jumping out of windows.
Come on, we both like Buddy. But this bleeding heart puppy love act is over the top... It doesn't fit.
Don't worry Sunshine. Bud and I had a little talk. We came to an understanding.  I want you to go back to him. Soothe him. Help keep his head straight. Okay?
Now tell me, why would I want to do that?
You told him about us?
Sorry to hear that. I thought the kid had staying power.
So what's the problem Sunshine? You look like Black Thursday. Bad case of puppy love?
Can't blame me for trying. You look as beautiful as that painting I just bought.
What do you say we go get a suite at the Carlyle? Caviar? Champagne? Celebrate, just like the old times Sunshine.
Rip their throats out and put them in your garbage compactor.  Interesting. You got a card?
Hey, the Terminator! Blow 'em away Ollie.
He respond to the offer? What? What the hell's Cromwell doing giving lecture tours when his company's losing 60 million a quarter? I guess he's giving lectures on how to lose money...if this guy opened a funeral parlor, no one would die, this turkey's totally brain dead...Well Christmas is over and business is business.  Keep buying. Dilute the sonofabitch. Ollie I want every orifice in his body flowing red.
Yeah, Billy, who's your buyer?... No, not interested.  Ollie, start calling a the institutions, start with Marx at Janson Mutual, then Reardon. Get me that California retirement money, baby! And we're on our way!
Considering you brought my mother into it, $71.50.
You must be wearing a mask you're laughing so hard behind it Larry. Let's cut the "sir" crap. Correct me if I'm wrong, but when you took CNX Electronics, you laid off 8,000 workers, Jessmon Fruit about 6,000, that airline...
The same interest as yours Larry. Money. I thought it'd be a good investment for my kid...
Rarest pistol in the world, Larry, a .45 Luger. Only six were ever manufactured.
Listen, you clowns, there's somebody else out there trying to buy your airline, if you want to be Pac-manned and gobbled by Atilla the Hun be my guest!
You guys must know something nobody else knows. If those are my plans, it's the first I've heard of it.
Cards are on the table. What do you think?
I'll have a letter of agreement drawn up within two days.
Cause I have a way around all this, a way we can all make money and make this airline profitable again. What do you say we cut to the chase. I'm asking for a modest twenty percent across-the-board wage cut.
