Sell?
The stock's going to Pluto!
Thanks, buddy, buddy, I'm back. Say, Buddy, those optorectomies do work wonders.
I agree. Go thou and sin no more.
You know what you need, buddy buddy--an optorectomy. That's when they cut the nerve that runs from your brain to your rectum--to change that shitty attitude of yours.
Hey the door was open.
Hey you hear the news. I just got a job at a new firm: "Dewey, Cheat 'em and Howe." Yuk yuk.
Lynch is giving him the boot... He's not pulling his quota.
What the hell...
That's right, next time a little birdie talks to you, talk to me too E.F. Hutton.
Gimme a break. You buy Bluestar Airlines yesterday. Today they just happen to get good news and the stock goes bat shit. You must have ESP. A real Nostradamus.  Jesus Christ, what are friends for?
Buddy, buddy, some buddy; why didn't you tell me to buy Bluestar.
Got a little action there, eh buddy?
Nice guy but a loser. Lost all his equity when his firm went belly up in the recession of 71. you wanna be coming in here in your late sixties still pitching? ... Whatever happened to that cute analyst at Thudder, Wicks? ... Cindy? Susan?
Forget charts! We're not fund managers, Bud, churn 'em and burn 'em. I'm offering you the Knicks and chicks. God save you before you turn into poor Steeples over there.
...got tickets for the Knicks tonight. Go out and cruise some bimbos afterwards, whaddaya say?
Cheer up buddy buddy. You shook Gekko the Great's hand and you still got all your fingers. He's not the only elephant in the jungle.
...well, see him?
It concerns his future!
Buddy, buddy, when ya gonna realize it's big game hunters that bag the elephants, not retail brokers. I heard this story about Gekko... he was on the phone 30 seconds after the Challenger blew up selling NASA stocks short.
Just put me on the institutional side of the room where the real cheesecake is. You forgetting something?
Hey, things could be worse. It could've been my money. Let me help you out, rookie.
Buddy, buddy, buddy; little trouble, huh, today.
Looks bearish to me, buddy. You got it all upside down.  Okay, I'm giving this to you and you alone, 'cause I feel sorry for you. Take the Knicks against the Bullets, and my pick of the day -- Duke to beat the spread against Wake Forest.
Yeah, where's your machine gun.
