I just retired.
George... Do you hear me, George?
I'm afraid we can't let you go.
You're talking about taking a life. The most unique life form on this planet. I think we're better than that.
Then you're going to have to do it without me.
That's the chance we have to take.
You can change a directive, George. You've done it before. Listen to me. He's going somewhere in Death Valley. Lathrop Wells was never anything but a bus stop. East is the nuclear site. There are no roads in there. She was teaching him to hitchhike. I'm telling you. We block the four roads into Death Valley and we got him.
I've never been taken off an assignment in my life. Give me twenty- four hours and I'll have him for you.
We don't have to do it that way. We can catch him this time.
What's all this for?
Hello George.
I'm not being unpatriotic, and I'm doing my damndest to catch them. Bell's up on 80 and I'm down here on 70 past Grand Junction. They're heading west. If they're not flying we have a damn good chance of getting them. All I'm asking is that you people think about it.
Maybe... look, this is just something to think about... from what I got at the shopping center, it was more scared than anything else... I don't feel it's as big a threat as you think it is...
George, listen to what you're saying. This thing's changed itself into a man. Disappearing may not be that big a deal.
I'll make this as simple as I can, George. They disappeared.
You'll get results one way or the other, that's for sure... Okay.
It's messy... the thing's got a gun... We're just asking for somebody to get killed...
I don't like it, George...
You sure you want this, because... that's putting an awful lot of faith in people we have no control over...
The extraterrestrial now looks like this.
It's made itself look like the woman's dead husband.
It's taken on a disguise.
Yes. It's kidnapped a woman at gunpoint and from what we can make out is forcing her to drive it somewhere.
Well, we're in pursuit of a green Mustang...
George, we've just confirmed the existence of the live extraterrestrial.
Don't let them do it this way, George. It's too important. We can't find this thing alone.
That's not going to happen, George, unless you get us the help you promised us.
Not necessarily bad! If they knew we were here why didn't they let us know they were coming?
Then it's not an accident that they found us.
What do you mean by 'contain?'
Wait, wait... What are my orders if we find this thing?
We'll need a lot of help, George. You could hide an army up here.
Neither did I.
None. And there's another one in the area that's alive. I don't know if it's the only one. I don't know if it was left here by accident or it's part of an inva...
I saw it with my own eyes. We've killed an extraterrestrial and...
It's real, George.
Is he on his way to Lathrop Wells?
Mrs. Haydn...
Do you know what you were kidnapped by?
Marc Shermin.
Get a highway patrol unit over there.
Is the man who kidnapped you there now?
You've been through quite an ordeal, Mrs. Haydn. Why don't you stay where you are and let us pick you up? We'll fly you home.
This is Marc Shermin. Where are you, Mrs. Haydn?
You get that, Lyman?
Tell him I'm not here.
Doesn't make sense.
Did your people have any contingencies rehearsed?
Good... It looks like we might be the welcoming committee, so I think we should try and figure out what we're gonna do if we have to come face to face with this creature.
Any reports about monsters, people in Halloween masks, anything like that?
Give it a rest, Lyman.
Aghh... I'm supposed to umpire a little league game tomorrow.
Get Fox.
It was the husband. The police finally got a hold of the witness at work and showed him a picture of the woman.
The police think he was high on drugs...
Listen to this.  A woman was kidnapped in Eau Claire this morning. When a citizen went to her rescue the kidnapper threatened him with a gun and shouted at him in a strange 'clicking gibberish'...
How would you describe the sounds we heard coming out of that thing's helmet?
I tried it once... Fourteen years ago... 'I was a lousy husband and a worse father. The only thing I'm good at is this... At least until yesterday.
To the same woman?
You married, Major?
I know, but...
There's nothing... No reports of sightings or landings or anything... in the other parts of the country or overseas... Seems like a totally isolated incident.
Oh, Jesus.
People have made mistakes in these situations before.
It could have been anything.
Was there visual contact?
There's a good chance you could be wrong about this thing then...
Can you see under the faceplate?
Any signs of biological contamination, excessive radiation, anything like that?
This has always been my favorite time of day.
We will.  Something's wrong here. She's helping him now.
I wouldn't think so.
You saw that?
Yeah, thanks. We appreciate that.
Huh?... Eh... no, there isn't
Hold on a minute... Let's take the chance, George.
All the roads into Death Valley are blocked. We'd like to talk to you.
We can't let you do that.
Hello...
