-- what are you talking about, come on --
Tell me why.
What? Tell me why you wanna know --
No she didn't; that's a lie.
Oh My God, yeah, I know exactly where she is, why?
You're so scared.
What about her? You didn't ask her out, you're such a pussy --
Hey. What are you doing?
Call me later.
Why's it here?
What's all this pudding?
OH MY GOD. Look at that.
You're being weird again, see. Come on. Please don't be weird.
Did you ask Walter to get you a shrink?  Barry, did you ask Walter to get you a shrink? What's wrong with you? Are you ok?
I'll leave then, I'll go to get something from my car, go away so you don't feel pressure. Can I ask you a serious question:
I'm not gonna rag you. Why would I do this just to rag you?
You don't do anything, why are you being scared?
Are you gonna do it?
-- do you think you'll ask her out?
It's not cool?
Hey, hey, you should ask her out -- what do you think, she's cute, right?
Seriously, though: We're going to eat, I said.
Why?
This is Lena, she's a good friend of mine from work. We were in the neighborhood and she had to pick up her car and we're getting breakfast before we go in, so did you want to go? We're gonna go and eat, let's go.
Hey, what are you doing? Why are you wearing a suit again?
You look nervous.
She couldn't come I said. Are you nervous?
You're lucky. She couldn't come anyway --
You just said very food.
Hey....I was just telling everyone about how I was gonna bring this girl for you but you wouldn't let me do it.
-- but since you're not going I guess none of this matters and I'll bring her anyway.
I'm trying to get you a girlfriend.
I'm trying to be your friend.
....wait a minute: why is this about you now? Why is it always about you?
She's really cute and she's really nice.
So it's ok if I bring her.
That's your fault not mine.
It's a free country, we can look at you if we want to.
I'm not really asking you, I'm telling you.
She's my friend and you should meet her. You'd like her.
Why?
There's this girl, this friend of mine from work that I think is really cute and really cool and I want you to meet her so I was thinking about bringing her to the party tonight.
So you're coming tonight, right?
I'm just stopping by to say hello.
Hey, how are you? BARRY I'm fine, hi, how are you?
I'll just see you when you get back here.
I think he's weird, but that's me.
Well...he's not that strange, don't say that.
You wouldn't want to go out with him anyway, honestly, he's such a freak sometimes.
I have no idea what he's doing then. I'm sorry that didn't work out.
So...did my brother call you?
Just tell him to call me.
They need to see the new 484's to make sure it works with their OC....
So I'll meet you at the restaraunt?
Will you call me later to talk about asking Walter for the shrink? And we can talk about - he said you have this crying problem or something?
Are you coming to eat with us?
I can't find that thing in my car, I can't find it so I'll just get it and give it to you later. So?
Yeah, no, I have to get something from my car, I said.
Sorry.
-- he's so strange I don't know if you really even would want to go out with him, someone like him, I said I'd try, but it's just --
He's being weird, I'm sorry. I have no idea why he's being weird and dressed in a suit --
Are you sure?
Are you learning how to play the piano? What is that?
He's wearing a suit again, I don't know why he's wearing a suit, he doesn't usually dress like that --
