I received my B.S. from the University of Pennsylvania, my P.H.D. from Bryn Mawr College.  I worked three years at the Boston University School of Medicine, during which time I had articles printed in the "Journal of Educational Psychology", "American Journal of Psychology", "Psychology Review" and "Science"... So I think it's safe to say my opinion is valid.
Why am I such an authority?
What is it?
Where?
I won't let you die.
Listen to me very carefully, because I don't want you to misunderstand me... The walk is over Uncle Maurice.  Done. Finished.  You've made it to California, it was a miracle, now let's try to save your life.
What?
I don't think you realize how serious this is Uncle.
Maybe later.
Uncle, the way I was told, if that police car didn't happen down that road, you would be dead right now. That guy Denny, had jumped bail in another state, he's dangerous... They'll be other Dennys, if you don't plan.
If you can't redo these six hundred miles when you're rested and ready, how are you possible going to walk another two thousand-five hundred miles in your present condition?
Why did you take the back roads here?  They're not safe.  You'd know that if you'd planned.
If you really want to do this... plan it out.  Rest up.  Train for it.  Build up your body.  Plan every stop along the way.  How much money?  Time?  Really do it properly.  This is all so -- by the seat of your pants.
What if you don't make it?
She was being symbolic.  What if she asked you to fly to the moon?
It's impossible.
Uncle Maurice -- I spent all our frequent flyer miles on a one way ticket here... I have a rented car outside, just listen to me.  Come back with me now, and if you still want to do something like this in a year -- maybe we'll plan a car trip across the country -- Gerald and I will come along --
I don't accept that.
And your store?  What about your new store?  What about all your dreams?
Uncle Maurice, you're wearing sneakers?
Thank you.
A couple days to a few months if untreated.
I think my uncle is suffering from a condition called Mania which is linked with depression.  It is a time when an individual will act over-confident, and will act out impractical, grandiose plans. Sometimes these plans can be dangerous.
Sergeant, I'm a psychologist and I know the difference between normal whims people have and actions that clearly display psychological problems... My uncle lost his wife and it devastated him.
Put out a P.B.S.... Or whatever it's called.
