Good.
No really, if God takes us away from each other, you know where to look now?
If I die, you'll know where to look for me?
Maurice?
When I was ten, my family lived in Pacifica for a year.  I used to go to the beach everyday that summer. I never felt so happy, carefree. It was a magic place for me... That's where my heaven will be.
Pacifica, California.
I know where my heaven is.
I think it's a different place for each person.
That's okay -- really it is.
Your father?
It'll make it.
It must've hit the window... I think its neck is broken.
Don't be so sure.
You can change.
Please not, 'The two kinds of people' speech.
Yes.
I want children.
I've changed my mind.
It's one of those thoughts you keep to yourself.
You like to take walks?
Show me.
Exactly.  No reason.  No occasion. It just makes you feel good to do something for it, to express your pride and affection for it some how...  How come you'd do that for a piece of metal and not for me?
Then why?
Why are you polishing it -- in bed -- in your pajamas -- at 11:15 at night?  Are you going to show it to someone?
Why do you polish it?
Why do you polish that thing all the time?
No I don't.  I don't even know if you'd walk across the street for me.
Anything?
I want to be shown...  Maurice would you do anything for me?
Sometimes people need to see things done for them -- because sooner or later they don't believe the words anymore.
What it is -- is the truth.
... Love is shown through actions not just words.
We can do it together.
Honey, I told you.  If it makes you happy, we should just do it.
What?
Well, I'm sure it's not Christmas, because you'd be worried about how much money we don't have to spend on each other... I know it's not New Years, because you'd be going on and on about wearing a tuxedo and how much you don't like to dance... and I'm sure it's not our anniversary, because I didn't find an envelope with a hundred dollars cash on my bureau with a note that says, 'Pick out something pretty'... Yes -- Maurice -- I'm virtually certain it's not a special day today.
It's just a regular day.
There was no card.
The flowers... they're beautiful.
