What happened? Where's Jason?
For the moment! You've only got about two minutes left! Hurry! Ruby takes off towards the Cineplex...
We're down to seven minutes.
If I give you a bigger dose, it'll give you a heart attack.
About ten minutes.
Ten CC's of this shit and you won't be dreaming about anything.
_Neurolar_. It's a stimulant -- it's also a serotonin inhibitor. It suppresses all electrical activity in the hippocampus... the part of the brain that controls dreaming.
And if he's not?
Think it'll do any good?
You know how to use one of those?
Great. Now there's _two_ serial killers on the loose.
Where's he going?
Except this victim got away. I wonder if --
Alone... but with a murderous fury inside him... which led him to kill dozens of people.
Jason's asleep... maybe he's dreaming of himself as a young boy... and that boy is sitting right here.  I think he's some kind of projection from Jason's subconscious.
This is Jason's REM pattern... and this is the boy's REM pattern. They're identical.
Checking out a theory. Just keep talking to him.
You saw him?
It's all right. I'm simply in shock... this is what happens to people when they experience events they can't understand or comprehend. The mind shuts down temporarily and tries to shield itself from the horrific imagery it's been exposed to.  I'm going to need a lot of therapy.
You're not going to be there?
Tomorrow. If you can clear it with the Sheriff's department.
Then I'd say we should put Jason under again... run another tape on him and see what happens. We'll get extra data this time. Video... infrared... the works.
I don't suppose I can go back to the University and chase young coeds again... pretend this whole thing never happened...
Add it to the list.
It's as though there were two people in that room... both of them asleep... both of them dreaming.
_It's a second REM pattern_.
See this?
Yeah... I think I understand...  You're drunk, too.
Uh-huh...
I thought you said Krueger burned to death.
Fascinating.
Krueger... doesn't ring a bell.
Me too. I'm drunk.
There's nothing to see here. He sleeps... we record it. That's all that happens.
I'll take my chances. Come on, I'm buying.
Cute waitresses?
Well, that's it. He'll be asleep in a few minutes, but his first REM-cycle probably won't kick in for another hour or so.  Is there a place we can get something to eat in this town?
We're going to need at least two full REM cycles to get a clear neurological profile. Three hours minimum, six hours ideal.
Simple. We sedate him, induce a somnolesent state, and study his REM patterns when he's unconscious.  If he has the disorder, his REMS will be highly abnormal. Ruby smiles.
Not guilty by reason of insanity. Case closed.
Insomnolesence has been known to cause psychotic episodes... delusions...
It's a neurological disorder affecting the hypothalamus. The part of the brain that causes sleepiness is inactive. They didn't know about it back in the sixties. Even now, it's not understood very well.
It's rare... but there are cases where people go for years without sleep.  They diagnosed Jason with simple insomnia... but that's not what it looks like to me. He has every indication of having _insomnolesence_.
The mother said the boy hadn't slept for over three _months_. A physical examination showed dilated pupils, temperature of one-oh-two, blood chemistry highly imbalanced...
Wait a minute. Let me see that. She hands him the file.
You're obviously going through a critical moral dilemma. And you're putting up barriers against anyone who tries to probe your conscience.  But it is heartening to know that you do have a conscience.
No. You've told me all I need to know.
That didn't sound very convincing.
Don't get me wrong. I don't care. But the professional part of me is interested in how you rationalize what you do.
So, what are you saying... that he didn't kill all those people?
None of that's true?
I thought she was a killer, too. You know... that she chopped up a bunch of teenage camp counselors... before she was decapitated.
I don't believe it. Jason's mother died of ovarian cancer in 1969.
No need. I'm self-diagnosed. I have severe nympholepsy...  And I'm a bed-wetter.
Nurses. That's why I went into medicine.
Great. Battling head doctors. We'll confuse the jury enough to create a reasonable doubt. Hung jury.
One of the deputies is pretty cute. I think she likes me.
I always throw that in. It makes the jury feel sorry for the defendant.
Insomnia. Not unusual for someone in his situation.  Not to mention he's a bed-wetter.
No. When you put me on the stand, I'll say your client is catatonic and exhibits classic symptoms of a schizophrenic, sociopathic personality.  And he doesn't sleep.
He's fucking nuts.
