Times up!
Uh-oh!  Do you know if the demands are being taken seriously at this point, or does Washington think these people are just a bunch of crazy fuckers playing games?
Does that include Helen Filmore, United States congresswoman?
Twenty-five-million!  And what will they do if the money isn't delivered?
Henry, what exactly are these crazed gunmen demanding?
Is he with the girl?
Well get someone down there!
I now understand the expression "you get what you pay for!" A bunch of chumps!
I insist...
Come on, drink up.
You see, it paid off--you broke away from the old guard, congresswoman.  It won't be long till they're calling you Senator Filmore--
Yes, you should.
I know you're not too happy at this point.  It's too bad we weren't able to meet elsewhere, under different circumstances...
It seems to me we are just sailing away. They haven't sunk us yet, have they? Besides, don't you worry your pretty little head about that.  It's all been taken care of.
You got it all backwards, Helen--but that's OK, you work for the government...
I hope you don't mind all this--it's just that the networks will eat it up, you know...
Hey now!  No cussing on TV!  Well in closing I'd like to say that there are two reasons to have that money outside in an hour.  One is my perky co-anchor here, and the second is the lives of tens of thousands of people--people just like you and me!
I don't know.  If you gave me a reason to...
Enjoying the tour so far?
Excellent.
What's happening at the waterfront?
I want the girl.  I don't care about the rest--but a US congresswoman taken hostage will make for great copy. We'll make headlines all over the world...
Where the hell could they have gone!
Excellent...excellent!
Something tells me you don't want to be on TV, friend.
Of course it's codified!  Each number probably corresponds to a compound.  Have them pull every compound from the lab and compare it to the codes till you figure it out--that's what you're here for.
Have you broken it yet?  We've got six more heads and that means six more hours.
How goes the roll call?
Get your men to do it!
Drop the anchor!
Are we adrift--
Dissent?
Why should I worry?  Is there a problem?
Captain it would be impossible to turn down such a gracious request.
Agreed--let's move it.
Good.
Our traveler's insurance, you know what I mean?
