Well, Marcus, we are on the brink of the recovery of the greatest artifact in the history of mankind.
Care to wet your whistle, Marcus?
I maintain an apartment in Venice, at your disposal.
Don't worry. Doctor Schneider will be there to meet you.
We're through!
You know something, Doctor Jones? You're absolutely right.
Nazis?! -- Is that the limit of your vision?! The Nazis want to write themselves into the Grail legend and take on the world. Well, they're welcome. But I want the Grail itself. The cup that gives everlasting life. Hitler can have the world, but he can't take it with him. I'm going to be drinking my own health when he's gone the way of the Dodo.  The Grail is mine, and you're going to get it for me.
Impossible? What do you say, Jones? Ready to go down in history?
Didn't I warn you not to trust anybody, Doctor Jones?
We already have. Your father is the man who's disappeared.
We've hit a snag. Our project leader has vanished. Along with all his research. Uh, we received a cable from his colleague, Doctor Schneider, who has no idea of his whereabouts or what's become of him.  I want you to pick up the trail where he left off. Find the man and you will find the Grail.
You could be more right than you know.
This is the manuscript in which the friar chronicled the Knight's story... it doesn't reveal on location of the Grail, I'm afraid... but the Knight promised that two "markers" that had been left behind would.  This Tablet is one of those "markers." It proves the Knight's story is true. But as you pointed out -- it's incomplete.  Now, the second "marker" is entombed with the Knight's dead brother. Our project leader believes that tomb to be located within the city of Venice, Italy.  As you can now see, Doctor Jones, we're about to complete a great quest that began almost two thousand years ago. We're only one step away.
Not "supposedly," Doctor Jones.
Let me tell you another "bedtime story," Doctor Jones. After the Grail was entrusted to Joseph of Arimathaea, it disappeared and was lost for a thousand years before it was found again by three Knights of the First Crusade. Three brothers, to be exact.
Just the same, an attempt to recover the Grail is currently underway.
Hard to resist, isn't it? The Holy Grail's final resting place described in detail!
Every man's dream.  Including your father's, I believe.
Eternal life, Doctor Jones! The gift of youth to whoever drinks from the Grail.  Oh, now that's a bedtime story I'd like to wake up to!
The Holy Grail, Doctor Jones. The chalice used by Christ during the Last Supper. The cup that caught His blood at the Crucifixion and was entrusted to Joseph of Arimathaea.
My engineers unearthed it in the mountain region north of Ankara while excavating for copper.  Can you translate the inscription?
That was our assessment as well.
Well, like yourself, Doctor Jones, I have a passion for antiquities.  Have a look over here. This might interest you.
My name is Donovan. Walter Donovan.
