In spirit only, I'm afraid.
It is the hearts of two good men whom I have had the honor of calling son.  Take it, child.  But I implore you, never open it.  You look so like your mother.
Find my brother Wilfred.  Give him This.  I have duties he must fulfill in my stead.  Only family can be trusted.
I have been part of the greatest adventure ever know.  I have found purpose here, and the family I could never have.
Too late for what, dear child?
As I've missed you.  Sleep well, child.
I have been trying to reach Wilfred with no success.  As one grows older, one yearns for family.
You came to tuck me in.  That's quite a switch.  I am looking for my brother, Wilfred. He is first butler to the Maharajah of Mirajanpore.  But Mirajanpore is a floating court, it travels across India, so Wilfred can be rather difficult to find.
You certainly will not.
Eventually she married a young physician.
Joanna and I were in love in London. But when I realized our age difference was too extreme -
Ten years.  Barbara isn't really me niece, sir. She's Joanna Clark's daughter.
Rather disappointed at how poorly I taught you proper housekeeping.  And quite well, it seems.  Thanks to you, son.  Thanks to you all.
It appears, sir, that someone has stolen the batsignal.
Glandular secretions from animals. Scents that create powerful emotions.  Fear.  Rage...
Advanced botany.  DNA splicing. Recombinant animal plant patterns. Pheromone extractions.
Coming on line now, sir.
Specify, please.
That, sir, does not compute.
What seems to be the problem?
Right here, sir.
Remember this.  And remember it always.  I'm proud of you.  And I love you too, son.
Everyone dies, Master Bruce.  There's no defeat in that.  Victory comes in fighting for what we know is right while we still live.
Yes?
Attending to heroes?  No sir.  My Only regret is that I was never able to be out there with you.
I've seen the best doctors--! A gentleman does not discuss his health.  It's not civilized.  I hope I've taught you at least that much, young man.
I am as well as can be expected.
No, my boy.  I'm afraid none of us can.
Why, yes, actually.  Death and chance stole your parents.  But rather than become a victim, you have done everything in your power to control the fates.  For what is Batman if not an effort to master the chaos that sweeps our world, an attempt to control death itself.
Is there something wrong, sir?
Congratulations on your apprehension of Mr. Freeze.  Batman monopolized the evening news.
Oh, but, sir.  So much goes on-
There's a lovely inn just down --
Secrets are a virtual prerequisite in this house, don't you think?
I must have dozed off.  My sincerest apologies, sir.
Despite all your talents, you are still a novice in the ways of family. Dick follows the same ends as you but gets there by his own course.  You must learn to trust him.  For that is the nature of family.
Perhaps the truth is you don't really trust anyone.
