Not good.
I'm hungry.  I think I'll have poultry.
The way to a boy's heart is through his ego.  What strapping young hero could resist his very own...signal?
As a team, the duncely duo protect each other.  But the Robin is young. Impetuous.  If I could get him alone-
Can't we just ice them along with the rest of the citizenry?
I have created a race of plants with the strength of the deadliest animals.  Once you have frozen mankind, my mutants will overrun the globe.  The Earth will become a brave new world of only plants. And we shall rule them.  For we will be the only two people left in the world.
Just what I had in mind.  Everything dead on Earth except us.  A chance for mother nature to start again.  Plants and flowers are the oldest species on the planet yet they are defenseless against man.  Sorry hon, this is for science.  Behold the dawn of a new age.
Kill them.  Of course.  But why stop there?  Why should only Batman and Robin die while the society that created them goes unpunished?
There was nothing I could do.  Batman deactivated her.  She's dead.
Make yourself right at home.
OK, OK.  Ms. Ivy to the rescue.  Now where do I find your brittle bride?
Hold it.  You never said anything about a wife, frozen or otherwise-
Trust me.  Vegetable magnetism.
You leave Batman and Robin to me.
You are looking unseasonably hot. Let's go inside and grab your rocks.
I wonder if I can get a cell with a view of the gardens?
I love that belt.  What are you, about a fifty Big and Tall?
Let's cool it for now.  There's someone I want you to meet.
Well, I, my most unabominable snowman, have been impressed by you. In fact I propose a pairing.  So I'm here to set you free.
Listen, Captain Cold, the suit, maybe, even though silver went out in the 70's.  But those boots are unforgivable. What is it with men?
You're too late.  Say bye-bye birdie.
Love you?  I loathe your bipedal arrogance, your animal superiority. My only joy is knowing that even now my poison kiss is sucking the life from your ape-like face.
You should have heeded your pointy- eared pal.  These lips can be murder.
Bad luck, I'm afraid.  It's time to die, little bird.
One kiss, my love.  For luck.
Freeze has turned the new telescope into a freezing gun.  He's about to turn Gotham into an ice cube.
Kiss me and I'll tell you.
How about dangerous curves?
I'm glad you came.  I can't breathe without you.
At you?  Polly want a kiss?
