The only good Indian is a dead Indian, does that old adage still hold true out here?
A murder. On the reservation.
Brooks, what's a perceptive fellow like you, doing in a joint like this? Let me buy you a glass of some of that Russian shit you like.
Now keep that between us, Dennis, cuz I don't know what kinda Johnny Law they got here.
-- don't "man" me, Jimmy. Where's the key?
Your good friend Leo Fast Elk.
James Looks Twice?
Different culture. Hard to penetrate. The Indians don't like white cops poking around. And that's why we're in a position where we have to bring in an American Indian agent.
It's not the first. There's been several. And our field office in Rapid City is getting a lot of heat... none of the investigations have turned up jack shit.
Sioux Indian, right?
Oh, yeah -- right.
What the hell you doing?!
Goodbye.
-- did you understand me when I said that --
Somebody must be doing something somewhere in your jurisdiction, Officer Crow Foot.
Good. Thank you.
What journey?
No. No, that's Ray, here. Ray, uh...  Ray... Little Weasel.
You're a wise-ass. Ray check his wallet.
I know where I am. I'm on federal land, doing a federal investigation, and if you don't wanna cooperate you can take a ride in a federal car, and spend the rest of the day in a little room, answering federal questions. It's your call. Who are you?
Who are you?
Nice piece. You come back here to cover your tracks, Geronimo? What's your name?
Taking ol' Leo somewhere?
Ray...
Come on, Ray. Come forward.
No. We neutralized enemies of the United States. Anti-American radicals who have killed federal officers out here!
We were sworn in on the Constitution to protect federal matters, Ray. I don't know about uranium, I don't know about Red Dog Table -- all I know is we did our job. It's over.
This was a Selective Operations Unit, Agent Levoi. There is classified information pertaining to our national security. You don't question that, you don't go digging into that shit -- that's insubordination. Jesus Christ --
-- what the hell is Red Deer Table?
You ever put your hands on me again and you'll be doing the books for a baitshop in the fucking Everglades, Mister.
Cuz I want New York.
Listen: when we get back tomorrow, you're gonna find Tully laying a promotion on you. S.A.C. He wants to prove that his yuppie agents are making good. He's offering you New York. Tell him you want Atlanta.
-- never mind Eagle Bear. We've got Jimmy nailed. Let's go!
Never turn your radio off! I thought I was gonna find you scalped! Damn it!
Jesus, you alright?
The Little Walking River. You're right. This is part of it. So whoever sunk this car didn't compensate for drought. Goddamn.
Tread matches. It's the car.
Well, she's running now, too. These fucking people like to run, don't --
She's that subtle?
He's out there. He's out there playing Sitting Bull with us. I want the motherfucker so bad I'm getting a bleeding ulcer.
Bastards...
And get rid of the dog.
I'll sleep around a little.
Yeah, alright, alright -- fuck you -- give a yuppie a badge and he wants to take over the world. Go get a tail on Eagle Bear, and stay with her. Cuz Jimmy's gonna show. And I want you to make the collar.
Ray. I never get into bed with somebody unless I know for sure. Just the way I was raised.
Your first homicide, that's gonna happen, Ray...
You weren't sent here to go off on your own detail, Ray. You were sent here to assist in a Selective Operations Unit. These regional agents are inept -- that's why they were sent out here to The Graveyard, to Indian Country. I need you behind me, Ray. Not pulling against me.
Today. And now you -- there's a dog in the van --
Genetic ditto on evidence found at the site with evidence you found in his belongings. An incontrovertible motive. And definite footprints on Jimmy Looks Twice at Maisy Blue Legs house.
The right man? Talk to me, Ray.
A long way from home. You be careful out there.
Jesus, I don't know. You tell me. You're the Indian.
Her oil pan is shot.
Her own people start to suspect her, it creates discord from within. The Warriors don't know who to trust, they start infighting, and Jimmy loses his support.
That's good goddamn work, Ray. Let the salmon run. Let 'em run Upriver.
Let's see it.
What'd she say?
Easy, Cowboy. No vendettas on my ship. Now: remember what I told you about Nam? Watch the grass, watch the trees, watch the shit house, be on your toes, and if we get committed, don't hesitate to empty that sucker.
Jimmy Looks Twice put Leo's head through a glass door of the tribal offices three months ago. And threatened him several times since. President Clear Moon and the regional FBI feel he made good on that threat.
That's right.
One of the leaders of the Warriors of All Red Nations. Militant organization.
Meet me at base. Over.
I've got the doer. I know who he is.
I got one up on ya.
Maisy Blue Legs place?
Good.
Get the plate numbers off everyone of these cars.
No. That's Ray here. Ray...
Keeping of the souls. Do they still burn their dead or something?
I think Leo's retired from quillwork for the moment.
We'll have to give Leo a refund. Because he's gotta go to the M.E. In case you don't know, Officer, violation of the Major Crimes Act on --
Who the fuck is he?
Check him out, Ray.
Ray.
That's what it looks like, doesn't it? But that's what a ten gauge, choke-bored, shotgun will look like when it hits your lower back from five feet away.
No. I consulted it. We're going into Indian Country, I wanna know what kind of individual is covering my ass. Don't you?
Hey, hey, hey. J. Edgar would've loved you. He'd love anybody who joined the bureau to, what was it? "To enforce the laws of my country and protect her interests"?
Airborne. That's where they used to get us agents from. Now we get 'em from Carnegie-Melon, Ivy League. Accountants and computer whiz-kids. Yuppies with guns.  That's scary shit.
The agents who have worked out here say its like going into Nam. Unfamiliar terrain, foreign language, foreign customs... and you never know when you might walk into a few rounds. They hold a lot of old anger for the white man out here.
Those are two agents who went into a reservation a few years ago to serve a warrant. They were executed at close range. That one there is a police officer killed by the Mohawks up in Canada more recently.
Seven.
No, Ray. You're gonna have to blame that on your grandmother.
