I sent Hugo, he should be there!
-- Fine, fuck, I got it... Lake Tahoe, Nevada. I'll have Hugo book your flight, you can be here in a couple hours. He'll meet you at the airport.
Won't work, we're just gonna have to chance it man. I'm sorry.
That's not possible. I told you.
I'm not doing cocaine.
...About what?
Are you on a land line?
That's right! RIGHT NOW!
Without peer?
Are you a fucking colossal idiot?
Only if you really, truly mean it.
I was kinda hoping, yeah.
...to what? Incinerate? 'Cuz I'm almost dead certain there's not a fucking laundry detergent or dry cleaning process known to man that can ever return that jacket to its former glory! Some shit, suffice it to say, just don't wash out.  Now, the money question... To whom does that stain belong?
Cinnamon roll? No, good guess though. No, Hugo that looks like jizz...  And I'm no forensic expert mind you, but that looks like some fuckhead shot their load on a twelve-thousand dollar calf's skin jacket. The twist? It's My twelve thousand dollar, calf's skin jacket.  So y'got semen, human ejaculate --  -- that's been allowed to soak in for what, six, seven hours now? Work it's way into the fabric-fuck'n fibers -- and while you may never see it in a Tide commercial, I think it still safely qualifies as a "tough, deep down stain."
Look at the collar on that coat...
Look at that, we didn't have to fill up the whole blackboard after all. Now, do you know anything about that?
Then why are you still looking at me like I'm asking for the square root of something! What did you say!?
Jesus Hugo! How is it that you can turn a simple conversation into a fucking hedge maze!? This is zero degree of difficulty man!
I know you left him a message. What did you say!
No, what did you say on the machine?
What'd you say?
D'you talk to'm?
GET IN HERE GODDAMMIT!
That's Mecklen. The deal's closing. I can pick that phone up and I can work this out.  You'll walk with me.
That's probably him now...
Alright, bag it, I'm not shelling out that kinda bread for this shithole, this is a junior suite in Vegas. Call Mecklen right now, he should have his cell on, I need an update.  Get the Russian up here, have him clean this place, floor to ceiling and get us packed.  ...And send out for some new skeeze, the sun's up, these ones are starting to stink...
Fifty grand gouge. South shore hayseeds, this is why I never play Tahoe, or redneck Reno...
They what? What? No. No. Why?
-- this isn't a swap meet Morrey, they're getting Sparazza and the west coast syndicate, giftwrapped, now if that's not good enough --
I don't have to do shit! Which includes cooperating any further with these motherfuckers until I get what I want!  Alright, fuck it, if we gotta hand 'em somebody from our end and they're being hard-ons about it -- make it Hugo, him I don't mind. He needs that regimented thing that prison provides --
-- and you're gonna feel altogether fucked, by me, if you don't handle this. I'm the one, does the face plant, this falls apart, not you.
Bullshit it is. I said, about as loud as I could say it, "no jail time for my guys."
They're gonna give on this in the next ten seconds or the deal's off!
