I'll overlook what you've done here today in light of what's taken place. You've been fully debriefed. Now I want you to return to D.C. immediately and make no further inquiry into this matter. I mean it. It's closed.
I don't see it like that at all.
-- We needed cohesion to move forward. Not conjecture.
No... We're trying to save Heller.
I wouldn't go that far.
The agents of that era are all dead and gone, history had defaulted to fable... until now. You can imagine the shock this sent through the corridors of power in D.C. Heller's op predates the second world war. That's over sixty years of intel. Do you know how valuable that could be? The man's a treasure trove.
Primo Sparazza was Heller's alias. He went deep cover in 1940 and stayed under for over ten years, amassing materials against the mafia and other criminal syndicates. He may have ripped the organization wide open, pre-Appalachia, but his superiors were convinced that he had gone rogue, swapped allegiances...So they gave the order to terminate his cover.
The same year that Sparazza murdered Agent Freeman Heller...
It wasn't elective. It was undertaken to save his life. And it wasn't cosmetic, it was reconstructive... Look at the date of the first procedure.
...Are you insane?
Information was arriving all day yesterday. When we finally figured out who Sparazza actually was, we --
Yes. The actual contract went to Lazlo Soot, the man that plunged to his death from the Penthouse yesterday. He was to neutralize Israel's entourage and prep for the removal of his heart. Ingstrom was to handle the surgery itself on-site with the assistance of Dr. Gregory Gill, Israel's personal physician, who was also on the Sparazza payroll.
Sparazza was in failing health and looking for a donor. The son who had betrayed and burned him so thoroughly seemed a obvious choice.
...He does now...
-- Brought against Sparazza by Israel's mother Laverne who was nineteen at the time. They had a brief affair which Israel was the by- product of.
You're finished.
I can't discuss --
-- will be handled back in --
What are you doing here?
We have to transport Mr. Israel to Las Vegas, time is of the essence. The gulfstream is standing by on the jetway at Tahoe International. I'm sorry, I'm restricted from disclosing anymore information. Return to Washington. You'll be debriefed in the coming days.
Difficult to explain everything now...  And much larger issues loom.  I'm sorry about Carruthers... Damndest thing to have to die for.
Here. Sit.   Please.
Israel's legal representation, the firm of Culpepper, Brody and Reed, which is currently the subject of a joint SEC and Treasury Department probe, were left holding the bag after he skipped bail. Over three- quarters of a million dollars on a bond that's set to expire in less than a day. Rupert Reed, one of the firm's partners, has learned of Israel's whereabouts and dispatched a local bondsman by the name of Jack Dupree to pick him up and return him to Las Vegas... that can't happen.  We have a Gulf Stream standing by at Reagan International to transport you two to Lake Tahoe.  It's very simple gentlemen. Valacchi, Fratiano, Gravano -- no former witness against the mob has been as crucial or has brought more to bear on the potential dissolution of The La Cosa Nostra, than Buddy Israel.
Possibly. Acosta is pure mercenary. And a million dollar hit fee will draw some huge flies. But forget about Sparazza's money for a moment and remember, there's no shortage of those who want Israel killed and no shortage of cash to do just that...
On an extradition flight back to El Salvador, he murdered a security detachment and vanished.
-- Your intel corroborates what we already know. Sparazza's health is in rapid decline and before his date with destiny, it seems he wants one last thing... The heart of his sworn enemy. A recently opened, cash rich escrow account has been traced back to Sparazza. This and the mention of this mysterious Swede makes the million dollar contract on Israel very real.
His testimony has the potential of blowing the lid off what's left of the La Cosa Nostra is this country. That alone warrants total immunity from prosecution and and a vanishing act with Witness Protection.
Sparazza was the one who introduced Israel to the life, gave him his first big break, brought him through the ranks.
Sparazza is rumored to have performed in excess of one-hundred and thirty contract murders, including one of the bureau's most celebrated agents. Freeman Heller. You heard of "The Turnpike Murders" that was Sparazza.
