No.
How bad?
Yeah. Have you been able to get through to the Nomad's security?
Deputy, have you made any ID's?
What about the sheriff's task force?
Did the Justice lawyers sign off?
He's giving them up?
What about the hotel staff obstructing us. Israel's obviously paid off the management.
So he has no idea what's about to happen?
Yeah, but the Untouchables took down Capone. Heller got shot and killed. The bad guys beat him. Worse, Sparazza walked.
But the Bureau knew Sparazza killed Heller. Why not go after him, guns blazing' for that one?
Based on what we had, I thought Sparazza was a mid-level player at best and it turns out he's this mob relic, running the show out west.
Unreal, this guys jacket too. Wall- to-wall major felony offenses, murder, extortion, arson, grand larceny --  -- A paternity suit... I just feel like we're playing catch-up with all this and we shouldn't be.
No rest for the wicked.  Why were we never shown these files? We're sitting on Sparazza for what? Six months now and we're just seeing this?  Did you know that he's has had thirty- six major medical procedures performed on him since 1953?  Elective plastic surgery, every single one --
Well... This is as good a place for it as any I guess.
I tell you, engineering this kind of play against Sparazza, going to the lengths these guys are going to... they're playing some long odds.
Maybe he's that good. Never been caught, no criminal record.
Anything on the Swede?
And that didn't seem odd to you?
And when you saw him later, he was wearing one of your security jackets --
You're sure?
This man wearing the jacket identified himself as an Federal agent?
Who?
-- run both those names through the D.C. database. Call San Francisco, see if they've got anybody in the field doing collateral inquiries for --
Did he give you his name?
Wait a minute, what other agent?  What other agent?
-- Agent Carruthers. Do you know where is he now?
No... It's not.  What it lacks... is an end.
...while Carruthers and a dozen others lie dying, you debate semantics. The Bureau's betrayed us...  The way they betrayed him...
...So you knew all this and yet y--
You're trying to save Sparazza?
But you did, and have... And now people are dead.  Did Sparazza become more valuable than Israel... and did you make another deal?
...So you made another deal?
...holy shit... that's Heller...  Isn't it?
...Yeah, fifty-three.
You realize that Sparraza has had thirty-six major medical procedures performed on him since 1953? Elective plastic surgery, every single one --
...Almost.  What do you mean "who Sparazza actually was..."
...When did you know all this?
So all of our intel was bogus to begin with.
...Does he know?
...A paternity suit, filed 1967...
And you just figured that out?  The Swede isn't a hitman, is he? He's a surgeon. Sparazza didn't want Israel's heart for a trophy, he wanted it for a transplant... why?
-- You can and you will.
-- no, we need to handle it now.
My debrief --
Where's Israel?
What the hell -- What is this!? People died. Agent Carruthers is dead!
This is him? The hitman hired to kill Israel? He's a doctor?
It's the last place they'd look.
You think it's possible he could be involved in the Israel hit?
So the wiretaps we conducted on Serna and Padiche, the mention of Israel's heart?
A marked man gets wise and wants to come in.
So he's personally issued the contract on Israel?
I thought Heller was a double op?
