'Spose to kill this fool named Buddy Israel.
You do the right thing. Sit with me while I heal, let it develop slow.
I probably woulda busted on you too... and what a shame that woulda been.
Like a mafucka.
Mmm-hmm... and your boy very well mighta been one of 'em.
Well, if it's any comfort, I's goin' in to there to act a fool baby.  Straight rockin' heat and slayin' niggas --
Got hit twice.
You love her?
-- good, then all you got to be is grateful.
You know I did baby...  And a deep, dark one at that. Now if you ain't a dog, which you don't look like --
Jus' keep doin' y'damage girl, keep these mafuckas off my as--
Girl one of these fools has an FBI badge on him! Is this the one that was doing the inspection?
They musta been beefin' big time with one another, cuz this shit, got way past words, whatever it was.
...Shhhhhhit... girl, there's these two dudes, just sittin' here in this elevator, all shot up...
I'm not givin' it up jus' yet...
What's wrong?
-- I thought we had secure frequency. Aww girl, tell me this mafucka ain't goin' off right now.
No, but that definitely sounds like shots and I don't where it's comin' from --
Not you. Some assholes on the elevator... are these bitches on a permanent smoke break or what? Why the fuck they call'm "working girls."
Fuck you.
-- I don't know, I feel like you always pushin' up on me, gettin' close and I love you baby, in every way you can love a bitch, 'cept that one.
Ain't nuthin' wrong wit' it.
Girl, lemme ask you somethin' and I want you t'tell me straight up, since I got my suspicions and y'know I ain't one t'talk circles... you gay?
You know I burned all his shit. All that vinyl. Chalamar, Funkadelic, I burned his turntables too. They was like three-thousand brand new.
I ain't tryin' to break a sweat for that sorry ass nigga.
Damn, this kevlar ridin' up on me, I wish they made this more sheer.
You got the fifty up? Bitch y'tryin' t'take down a jumbo jet? Blown the moon out the sky? T'fuck you wanna get that grimy?
Jus' remember, this is more rescuin' shit than rampagin' shit... What are you shootin'?
When them tricks hit the lobby, holla at me and I'm gonna meet them on the way up, blend in. Once I get inside, I'mma put m'Nina to Israel's head and back out hot. Anybody's fucks with that program, y'break 'em off. They get gully --
A Fed? Like FBI?
'Cuz we don't need to draw any more shit down on our heads. We hit whoever's between us and Israel. I don't want to dead the whole floor and I don't want to be killing women no matter how they make a living.
We gotta lay something out, strategy- wise. Somethin' tight. Y'go in there ad-libbing, it's y'ass.
What's the time frame?
What else did Padiche say?
And so I get this straight, we gotta go in, bust on this punk and remove the heart? Is that for real?
Bulllllshit...
