They're Agency, too.  Don't you get it?  CIA and Mafia together.  Trying to whack out the Beard.  Mutual interests.  They been doing it for years.  There's more to this than you dream.  FBI fucking hates the CIA.  Navy Intelligence got something to do with it too.  Check out "Alan Pope" in Miami.  Jack Youngblood. Bill Harvey.  Colonel Roselli.  The shooter, I hear, was a Dallas cop - the bagman at Ruby's club.  I heard he shot his own partner.  Got that? Check out the rich fucks in Dallas. H.L. Hunt.  He's dirty.  That's all I know.  But the Agency always runs the show.  Check out something called "Mongoose"  Operation Mongoose. Government, Pentagon stuff, they're in charge, but who the fuck pulls whose chain who the fuck knows, fun 'n' games man - check out Southeast Asia - that's the next big number - the heroin trail.  "Oh, what a deadly web we weave when we practice to deceive."
Photographs - compromising stuff. And he'll use 'em.  The Agency plays for keeps...  I knew Oswald.  He was in my Civil Air Patrol unit.  I taught him everything.  A "wanna be," y'know, nobody really liked him cause he was a snitch.  I treated him good.  He'd talk about his kid, y'know, really wanted her to grow up with a chance, but... He got a raw deal.  The Agency fucked him.  Just like they're gonna fuck me.
That cocksuckin' faggot!  He's got me by the balls.
I don't have much time.  They don't even need bugs anymore.  They got these fuckin' satellite waves.  They put a bug in a friend of mine when he was born, right up his nostrils, subcutaneous, between his eyes.  He was one of those products of a crossbreading experiment.  A Nazi rocket scientist father and a Commie spy mother.  You'd never believe half the shit the Agency does.  I'm so fuckin' tired.  Haven't slept since that shit article came out. Why'd you guys have to go and get me involved with this?
I don't know who to trust anymore. Yeah, sure I could use a pot of hot coffee and a few packs of Camels. You got anything new in the investigation?
I'm caught in the middle.  They're after me.  It's almost over.
I got no place to sleep.  I'll meet you in 20 minutes.
...give me protection?
The Fontainbleau?  20 minutes?
It leads farther than that.
You still questioning any Cubans?
You think your investigation's been all that secret?  You know, when you talk to people, they talk to other people.
I'm a dead man!  From here on, believe me, I'm a dead man.
Somebody planted that fucking story! And somebody tipped off the press I'm one of Garrison's fucking suspects.  I can't go home. I'm out on the street.  The maggots are everywhere!  Do you know what you've done to me?  It's all over the national news now.  You know what you've done to me?
Yeah, you got it.  Since you're the only straight shooter in that fuckin' office, I'd like an answer from you. Did you plant it?
You know damn well who it is.
Yeah, yeah.  But leave me alone for awhile.  I got to make some calls.
They'll get to you, too - they'll destroy you... They're untouchable, man...  I'm so fucking exhausted I can't see straight.
Shit!  Forgot to glue this fuckin' rug today.  You know, at one time I even had a full head of hair like everyone else.  And then I lost that. That fuckin' Clay Shaw.  I hate the bastard.  All I got left is in his rotten, bloody hands.  He tipped the newspapers - I know it.  That's how the Agency works.  They use people, chew them up, spit 'em out.  Now it's my turn.
Oh man, why don't you stop.  This is too fuckin' big for you!  Who did Kennedy?  It's a mystery wrapped in a riddle inside an enigma.  Even the shooters don't fuckin' know!  Don't you get it yet?  I can't be talking like this.  They're gonna kill me. I'm gonna die!  I don't know what happened.  All I wanted in the world was to be a Catholic priest - live in a monastery, study ancient Latin manuscripts, pray, serve God.  But I had this one terrible, fatal weakness.  They defrocked me.  And then I started to lose everything.
Jack?  Jack was a pimp.  A bagman in Dallas for the Mob.  He used to run guns to Castro when he was still on our side.  Check out Jack Youngblood. Shit - we almost had Castro.  Then we tried to whack him.  Everybody's flipping sides all the time.  It's fun 'n' games, man fun 'n' games.
Shaw's an "untouchable", man - highest clearance.  Shaw, Oswald, the Cubans - all Agency.
You make it sound like some remote fuckin' experience in ancient history. Man, you never leave the Agency. Once they got you, you're in for life.
Black, black - just give it to me.  Shit.  I'm so exhausted.  My neck is killing me.  I've got cancer.  Had it for years.  I been working with mice, y'know, trying to come up with a cure.
Same one.  I didn't know no impersonator.
Fuckin' A.  How do you think the Agency gets people to do their bullshit?  Fuck knows what they got on Oswald!
Everybody!  The Agency.  The Mob. The Cubans.  Yeah, follow the Cubans. Check them out.  Here, in Dallas, Miami.  Check out a guy named Eladio del Valle.  My paymaster when I flew missions into Cuba - he's somewhere in Miami.  You're on the right track.
You think I was a getaway pilot for the assassination, don't you?
Oh, you got that?  Banister's pet project.  Getting paid by the government to work against the government.  Beautiful.  What a mind he had, what a guy, Guy.  He had all those files.
Leon's in a bad mood, don't get excited, he's all right.
Why?  What's wrong?
Yes, now I remember, Mr. Garrison. I'm sorry, I got confused.  We got out there near the geese and it was only then we realized we'd forgotten our shotguns.  Stupid, right?  So of course we didn't get any geese.
Oh yes, well, come to think of it, they're right.  We got to where the geese were and there were thousands of them.  But you couldn't approach them.  They were a wise bunch of birds.
I believe the boys got a couple.
In the morning we went goose hunting. Then headed home, but I dropped the boys off to see some relatives and I stayed in Hammond.
No particular reason.  Just to go somewhere.
We went straight to Houston, and then Saturday night we drove to Galveston and stayed over there.
Oh, it was just a spur of the moment thing...  the storm wasn't that bad.
I hadn't been there ice skating in many years, and I had a couple of young friends with me, and we decided we wanted to go ice skating.
Yeah, now that's true.  I drove to Houston.
No, I never saw him before in my life.
No... if he did, I don't remember him.  There were lots of kids in and out... y'know.
That's not true.  I never met anybody named Oswald.  Anybody who told you that has to be crazy.
Do you mind if I smoke, Mr. Garrison?
Do you remember me, Mr. Garrison?  I met you on Carondolet Street right after your election.  I congratulated you, remember?
