Gentlemen, I will not hear this.  I value Bill as much as anyone here.  We all need to make room for someone else's ideas, Lou, especially me. Maybe Oswald is what everyone says he is and I'm just plain dumb wrong.
William Walter, the night clerk on duty here in the FBI office, gave me a copy of this.  It went all over the country.  Nothing was done, and the motorcade went ahead on schedule - and this wasn't even mentioned in the Warren Report!  Read it, Al.
Well, what do you expect from a pig but a grunt.
Not one word.  That's an order.
I don't care if he was doing it with giraffes in the zoo, Numa, it's none of our business.  Let's keep this side of it quiet, shall we?
Susie, watch the language, would you please.
The interesting thing is the extent to which the Warren Commission went to make him a Communist.  They got almost 150 pages and 130 exhibits of the report on this Mexico trip and the picture doesn't even match.  I'm beginning to think the point of the Mexican episode was to lay the blame at Castro's door.  If Oswald, or someone purporting to be Oswald, had gotten into Cuba, come back, then killed the President, the American public once again would've screamed for a Cuban invasion...
Al, you can't tell a mink from a coonskin unless you see the fur up close.  Goddamn, Sam!  If we don't start reading between the lines here! Y'all gotta start thinking on a different level - like the CIA does. We're through the looking glass. Here white is black and black is white.
Of course there weren't. 'Cause they disappeared.  And yet the Commission found you, Dean.
Then how the hell did you get in the Warren Commission, Dean?  Except through the phone records in the Dallas jail?
Did you speak to Oswald in Dallas?
Recall any names?
So you saw Oswald how many times?
And Oswald?
Did he pay?
What was his voice like?
Street cats?
When did you first do business with this Bertrand?
Yeah, she was pretty, all right, but not half as cute as you, Deano.  You shoulda tried a legitimate line of business.
Now that's pretty important, Dean. You also told the FBI when you met him, he was six foot two.  Then you tell the Commission he was five foot eight.  How the hell did the man shrink like that, Dean?
You tell them the day after the assassination you were called on the phone by this "Clay Bertrand" and asked to fly to Dallas and be Lee Oswald's layer.
Because you keep conning me, Dean. I read your testimony to the Warren Commission and...
Julius Caesar:  "Brutus and Cassius, they too are honorable men."  Who killed Caesar?  Twenty, twenty-five Senators.  All it takes is one Judas, Bill - a few people, on the inside, Pentagon, CIA...
With a full-blown conspiracy to cover it up?  Y'ever read your Shakespeare, Bill?
If I'm so far from the truth, why is the FBI bugging our offices?  Why are our witnesses being bought off and murdered?  Why are Federal agencies blocking our extraditions and subpoenas when we were never blocked before?
I know this, Bill - Lyndon Johnson got $1 billion for his Texas friends, Brown and Root, to dredge Cam Ranh Bay for the military in Vietnam. That's just for openers.
I don't doubt their involvement, Bill, but at a low level.  Could the Mob change the parade route, Bill, or eliminate the protection for the President?  Could the Mob send Oswald to Russia and get him back?  Could the Mob get the FBI, the CIA, and the Dallas Police to make a mess of the investigation?  Could the Mob appoint the Warren Commission to cover it up?  Could the Mob wreck the autopsy?  Could the Mob influence the national media to go to sleep? And since when has the Mob used anything but .38's for hits, up close? The Mob wouldn't have the guts or the power for something of this magnitude.  Assassins need payrolls, orders, times, schedules.  This was a military-style ambush from start to finish... a coup d'etat with Lyndon Johnson waiting in the wings.
Shaw's our toehold, Bill.  I don't know exactly what he is, where he fits, and I don't care.  I do know he's lying through his teeth and I'm not gonna let go of him!
There's a word - orders.
I don't know, Bill, I just don't know.
All right, all right.  Break it up.
Jesus, they must've been hard pressed to come up with that one.
Those bastards!  That's proof enough right there of what we're up against. The whole goddamn Federal Government, Bill!
Oh Jesus, Stoner!... Why doesn't he call me?
I think we should have him in for a little talk.
Can you get some sworn statements?
Let's start making some assumptions about the man.  Why would he leave a path as big as Lee Harvey Oswald's? This is not a thin trail, gentlemen, it is a very wide one.  Who found the evidence?  Who set him up?  Lou, Bill, Susie, I want you to go back and check all the sightings of Oswald in Dallas, New Orleans and Mexico in the summer and fall of '63 - see if it's the same guy.
To frame him, obviously.  You got to get in your minds how the hell spooks think, Bill!  They're not ordinary crooks.
It went to the goddamn FBI and they didn't find a goddamn thing.  It comes back a week later and one guy in the Dallas police department suddenly finds a palm print which for all I know he could've taken off Oswald at the morgue.  There's no chain of evidence, Bill.  And what about the tow guns actually seen in the Depository?  One an Enfield photographed by a newsman and the other a Mauser, described by Deputy Weitzman... Maybe, just maybe, Lee Oswald was exactly what he said he was Bill - "a patsy".  Take it at face value.  Lou, Susie, I'm going with my gut here.  He's got an alias of Hidell to buy the rifle, "O.H. Lee" to rent the room, right?  What's in a name, right?  In intelligence, they're assumed to be fake.  A name is sort of like a postbox number, a code - several different people can use the same name, right?  Then why can't somebody be using Oswald's name?
I'll go you one better!  Maybe Oswald didn't even pull the trigger, Bill. The nitrate test indicates he didn't even fire a rifle on November 22nd. And on top of that, they didn't even bother to check if the rifle had been fired that day.
We're saying that when Oswald went to Russia, he was not a real defector, that he was an intelligence agent on some kind of mission for our government and he remained one till the day he died, that's what we're saying.
The murder of a President, Bill, is a crime in Orleans Parish too.  I didn't pick you because of your legal skill, you know.
When something's rotten in the land, Bill, it generally isn't just one fish, we'll get corroboration... find this Clay Bertrand.  If I were a betting man, I'd give you 10 to 1 it's an alias.  Start checking around the Quarter.
Does that bother you, Bill?  I always wondered in court why it is because a woman is a prostitute, she has to have bad eyesight.
No, you're awake, Bill, and I'm dead serious.  And we're going to start by tracking down your anonymous source from three years ago.  How did you find out Dave Ferrie drove to Texas that day?
Y'ever heard of a double agent, Bill? I'm beginning to doubt Oswald was ever a Communist... after the arrest, 544 Camp Street never appeared on the pamphlets again.  Now here's another one for you:  What would you say if I told you Lee Oswald had been trained in the Russian language when he was a Marine?
Old stains, Bill, but just as telling.
Morning, boys.  Ready for a walking tour?
Hold your horses.  What kinda source?
Well, it doesn't make sense, Nick - he was afraid of dying, then he kills himself in a way that leaves no trace, but he leaves two unsigned suicide notes.
Can you ascertain if there's Proloid in his system?
Nick, what would happen if a man suffering from hypertension were to take an entire bottle of Proloid?
What's it look like, Nick?
Get some rest, Dave, and you'll feel better in the morning.  We'll talk then.
Dave, it's going to be okay.  Just talk to us on the record and we'll protect you.  I guarantee it.
Then who killed the President?
What about Ruby?
And Shaw?
Dave, can I just ask you this directly?  Did you ever work for the CIA?
Did you take a good look at the TV when they had Oswald?
Was it the same Oswald, Dave, that was in Dallas, or was it an impersonator.
Let me get this straight, now.  Clay Shaw is blackmailing you?
I don't know.  Were you?  Who you scared of, Dave?
Who was paying you, Dave?
You mean about the Cubans getting trained north of the lake?
Would you say this "Leon" was actually Lee Harvey Oswald?
Dave, I find your story simply not believable.
I see.  Dave thank you for your time.  I'm sorry it has to end inconveniently for you, but I'm going to have you detained for further questioning by the FBI.
Your young friends also told us you had no weapons in the car.  Dave, isn't it a bit difficult to hunt for geese without a shotgun?
But the boys told us they didn't get any.
Did you bag any geese on this trip?
And then Sunday?
Why Galveston?
I see.  And where did you drive?
Dave, may I ask why the urge to go ice skating in Texas happened to strike you during one of the most violent thunderstorms in recent memory?
What was so appealing about Houston?
Well that must've been mistaken information we got.  Thanks for straightening it out for us.  There is one other matter that's come up, Dave.  We were told you took a trip to Texas shortly after the assassination of Friday.
I'm sure you've seen this.  Perhaps you knew this man under another name?
But you are aware, he served in your Civil Air Patrol unit when he was a teenager.
How could I?  Dave, as you know, President Kennedy was assassinated on Friday.  A man named Lee Harvey Oswald was arrested as a suspect and then was murdered yesterday by a man named Jack Ruby.  We've heard reports that Oswald spent the summer in New Orleans and we've been advised you knew Oswald pretty well.
How could I forget?  You make quite a first impression.  Sharon, could you please bring us some coffee?  I've heard over the years you're quite a first-rate pilot, Dave. Legend has it you can get in and out of any field, no matter how small...  I'm a bit of a pilot myself, you know.  Flew grasshoppers for the field artillery in the war.
Come in, Dave.  Have a seat, make yourself comfortable.  Coffee?
There were admirals.
But you took his orders.  He was directing the autopsy.
But you were a qualified pathologist. Was this Army general a qualified pathologist?
Your Honor, I would ask you to direct the witness to answer my question. Why did Colonel Finck not dissect the track of the bullet wound in the neck?
As a pathologist it was your obligation to explore all possible causes of death, was it not?
Colonel Finck, are you saying someone told you not to dissect the neck?
There's nothing wrong with feeling a little scared, Jasper, Virginia. Telling the truth can be a scary thing.  It scared President Kennedy, but he was a brave man.  If you let yourself be too scared, then you let the bad guys take over the country, don't you - and then everybody gets scared.
No, Jasper, nobody's gonna kill us.
Well, it looks like it, Jasper.
Hi, Freckle Face.
That's something, Jasper.  What is it?
Sure it is.  Freckle Face, if I ever handled a minor felon like that, it'd be all over the papers.  I'd catch hell.  And this is the alleged murderer of the President?
I know.
No, I don't think I am, Susie.  Anyone else?
I think Clinton is a breakthrough. Shaw denies he knows Ferrie or Oswald. Is that right?  It proves he's a liar.  Keep on it, Bill.
I don't believe it!
Goddamn!  They put Oswald together from Day One!  Like some dummy corporation in the Bahamas - you just move him around a board.  Sent him to Russia, in and out, no passport problems.  You got the word "microdots" in his notebook, you got the Minox camera and the electronic devices they find in his possessions, the sealed DIZ201 personnel file. For all we know, there could be a dozen Oswalds in different cities, countries - all of them leaving a trail of incriminating evidence that could easily be traced to a scapegoat after the assassination.  Does the real Oswald know he's been put together?  Who knows.  It doesn't matter, does it?  He's a low level spy, he doesn't know who he really works for...
I wonder about the Williams'.  Just where did the first description of Oswald come from at 12:44?  No one knows.  They claimed it was Brennan's, but his description came after 1 P.M.  Who called?  Somehow the FBI's been tapping the Williams' and picks up a call between Bell Helicopter and Janet's phone, an unidentified voice saying "We both know who's responsible."  Who called?  Why's the Bureau been tapping them?
Presumably so he can now exercise his intellect stacking school texts at $1.25 an hour.
Sort of like Benedict Arnold coming back to George Washington's cabinet.
Dammit, it doesn't add up!  Ordinary people get blacklisted for leftist affiliations!  The State Department did everything short of dispatching a destroyer to Minks to insure Oswald's return.  Only intelligence people can come and go like that.
And Marina?  Does she have a problem getting out?
But who meets him when he gets off the boat in New York in June '62?
This is a man whose secrets cause us to change our radar patterns in the Pacific!  He should've been prosecuted as a traitor!
Don't get sidetracked!  How does he get back to the States?  That's the point.  Does he have any problems?
Makes sense - he's a spokesman.
If we go to him our investigation'll hit the front pages by sunrise. Blow up right in our face.  Ruby was just given a new trial.  If he has something to say, it'll be there. Susie, what did you find out on Oswald?
I've spent half my life in the United States military serving and defending this great country, Mr. Shaw, and you're the first person I ever met who considered it an act of patriotism to kill his own president.
No, people like you don't have to, I guess - people like you walk between the raindrops.
Mr. Shaw, have you ever been a contract agent with the Central Intelligence Agency?
...and that this company is linked to the Schlumber tool company here in Houma, Louisiana - which is where their arms may have come from to David Ferrie and his Cubans...
It says that this company has heavily Fascist ties to the French secret army organization that tried to assassinate de Gaulle in 1960.
Mr. Shaw, this is an Italian newspaper article saying you were a member of the Board of Centro Mondo Commerciale in Italy, that this company was a creature of the CIA for the transfer of funds in Italy for illegal political-espionage activities.  It says that this company was expelled from Italy for those activities.
Please answer the question.
Mr. Shaw, did you ever meet Lee Harvey Oswald?
Mr. Shaw, can you identify this man?
No, it was not.  Do you know an attorney by the name of Dean Andrews?
Does the name Clay Bertrand mean anything to you?
Let me show you his picture.
...and that the four of you partied early into the morning hours...
David Ferrie.
...in the course of that night, Mr. O'Keefe said a man named David Ferrie stopped by the house... along with another young man...
After dinner you paid him to have sex with you.
I would imagine a uniformed waiter helps.
Perhaps a few more details about the evening will refresh your memory. Mr. O'Keefe told us dinner was served by a uniformed waiter - a colored man.  He particularly remembers that you sat at one end and he at the other - which he found rather unusual because the table was so long.  Does that bring back memories of Willie O'Keefe?
Mr. O'Keefe told us he met you at the Masquerade Bar down in the Quarter and several evenings later you had him over for dinner at your apartment on Dauphine Street.  Do you recall that?
A Willie O'Keefe?
A Perry Russo?
We recently talked to a number of men who claim to know you.  Are you acquainted with a David Logan?
Well... in an investigation we're conducting your name has come up a number of times.
Mrs. Mercer, as a former FBI man, it's difficult to accept this.
But you didn't seem nearly so sure in your statement to the Warren Commission.
You mean you identified him on Saturday, the day before Ruby shot Oswald?
In the sheriff's report, Mrs. Mercer, it says you were at Dealey Plaza two hours before the assassination but that...
He won... and they killed Robert Kennedy.  They shot him down.
They killed him, honey.
I never doubted for a second that I was.  Will you come to the trial, Elizabeth?
Well so do I, goddammit!  So do I! I had a life too, y'know - I had a life, too.  But you just can't bury your head in the sand like some ostrich, goddammit, Elizabeth!  It's not just about you - and your well- being and your two cars and your kitchen and your TV and "I'm jes fine honey."  While our kids grow up into a shithole of lies!  Well, I'm not "fine" about that, I'm angry. My life is fucked, Liz!  And yours is, too!  And if you don't want to support me I can understand that but don't you go start making threats of taking the children away.
That's not why I'm attacking him! You don't believe me - all this time you never believed me.
Of course, I've changed!  My eyes have opened, and once they're open, believe me, what used to look normal seems insane!  And now King.  Don't you think this has something to do with that?  Can't you see?
Damn it, if I say I'll spend more time with him, I'll spend more time with him.  I can't fight you and the world too, Liz.
I promise I'll make more time for Jasper.
I'll take them up to my mother's if it'll make you feel better.  Spend a week.  I'll change the locks, the phone lines, I'll even get a bodyguard, all right?  Elizabeth, get a hold of yourself.
Honey, come on.  The government wants you to be scared.  They want everybody to be scared to speak out.  They count on it.  But there's nothing to be scared of.
Get a hold of yourself.
Only cowards make crank calls, sweetheart, nothing is going to happen.
Just a crank making phone calls. Happens a dozen times a day at the office.
Honey, some crackpot.  Martin Luther King was killed in Memphis today!
What?
Nothing is going to happen to you. I won't let it.
Don't be.  Nothing to be scared about, honey, I been through four years of war - this is nothing.
Did they live?
It's going to get worse, honey.
I don't know what to tell them.  How 'bout the truth - I'm doing my job to make sure they can grow up in a country where justice won't be an arcane, vanished idea they read about in history books, like the dinosaurs or the lost continent of Atlantis.
I don't know what to say except I'm sorry.  I just don't have rabbits on my mind.
Liz, I'm really sorry.  The meeting went much longer than expected.
Tough day.
Look, I'll rush and be there by two, I promise.  Go ahead without me.
I'm sorry, but it's important.  Clay Shaw is important.  I'm sorry.
Because when I scheduled it I didn't realize it was a holiday.  You were there, why didn't you say something?
No.  I told you I was going to talk to Shaw.
You know I don't like these tribal rituals, Freckle Face.  I'm interviewing Clay Shaw this morning.
It'll be off the record, honey. I'll bring him in on a Sunday.  A quiet little chat between gentlemen.
Goddammit!  I been sleeping for three years!
Liz, do I have to spell it out for you?  Lee Oswald was no ordinary soldier.  That was no accident he was in Russia.  He was probably in military intelligence.  That's why he was trained in Russian.
And then this Colonel tries to make it sound like nothing.  Oswald did badly on the test, he says.  "He only had two more Russian words right than wrong."  Ha!  That's like me saying Touchdown here...  ...is not very intelligent because I beat him three games out of five the last time we played chess.
Honey, in all my years in the service I never knew a single man who was given a Russian test.  Oswald was a radar operator.  He'd have about as much use for Russian as a cat has for pajamas.
It's incredible, honey - the whole thing.  A Lieutenant Colonel testifies that Lee Oswald was given a Russian language exam as part of his Marine training only a few months before he defects to the Soviet Union.  A Russian exam!
Oh, she did, huh?  When I come up I'll show you how Saturday night got invented.
I can't believe a man as intelligent as Earl Warren ever read what's in those volumes.
Mmmmm... sure smells good... but Egghead, do you realize Oswald was interrogated for twelve hours after the assassination, with no lawyer present, and nobody recorded a word of it?  I can't believe it.  A police captain with 30 years experience and a crowd of Federal agents just had to know that with no record anything that Oswald said would be inadmissible in court.
No one's trying to buy you, Willie. It's important to know why you're telling us this.
You realize the things you're saying, Willie, are going to be attacked by a lot of different people.
Willie, are you willing to repeat your statements under sodium pentothal?  Under the supervision of a doctor?
Anything else unusual about him you'd be able to describe in a court of law, Willie?
For sexual purposes?
I want to thank you, Mr. O'Keefe, for this time.
I will not have any damned ultimatums put to me, Lou.  I'll accept your resignation.
Are you giving me an ultimatum, Lou?
Maybe you didn't hear what I said. I will not tolerate this infighting among the staff, I warn you that...
We need him back.
Maybe we should just call it a day, Lou.  Go home.  While we're still a little behind.  We got two people killed, maybe more we never thought about.
Head of the CIA since '53.  Kennedy fired them both.  Cabell was his deputy for nine years.  Talk about the fox investigating the chicken coop.  Now we'll have to subpoena them, Lou.
His boss was the one on the Warren Commission who handled all the leads to the intelligence community.
General Charles Cabell.  Deputy Director of the CIA.  Fired by Kennedy in '61 because of the Bay of Pigs fiasco, he moved back to the Pentagon, called Kennedy a "traitor".  When he came to New Orleans to address the Foreign Policy Association, you know who introduced him?  Our friend Clay Shaw.
Earle Cabell.  And guess who his brother is?
You know who the mayor was?
Who do you think changed the parade route?
How many men?
Why not just shoot Kennedy coming up Houston?  There's plenty of time - he's out in the open - a frontal shot?
The Zapruder film is the proof they didn't count on, Lou.  We gotta get our hands on it.
Didn't Hoover say something about that?  The leaves had fallen off in November?
Between six and seven seconds.
I took it once for a low thyroid condition...  It raises the metabolism, Lou.  Did David Ferrie strike you as the kind of person who had a low metabolism?
I have a plane to catch... going to Washington.  An interesting lead, says he's closely connected to these events, but he won't come down here... I know what you're going through with Ferrie, Lou.  We'll talk tomorrow.
Goddamn Sam!
I know you do, Lou.  I'm doing three more lectures this month.  You're all doing an incredible job, Sue, Al, Numa.  But this is one where if you don't nail the other guy, you're dead.  How did Jack Ruby dies so quick?  Of what?  Cancer, right?  A history of Nazi Germany, Lou.  They were studying viral cancers as a weapon in the 30's.  We learned a lot more than you think from the Nazis.  Read this. Our biological warfare lab is in Fort Detrick, Maryland.  Close to where the National Cancer Institute is located.  Think about it.  Think the unthinkable - question everything.
Unless he or someone else wants him to get caught.  Maybe he never ordered the weapon, Lou.  Somebody else did. It was picked up at the post office early morning when Oswald's time sheet shows him clocked in at his job.  Lou, come alive.  These things are not adding up.
Can we find her?
We need to find more witnesses, Lou.
Hoboes I knew of old used to sleep in their clothes - these two look pretty young.
I can't say that comes as a surprise anymore.
We're going back into the case, Lou - the murder of the President.  I want you to take some money from the Fees and Fines Account and go to Dallas - talk to some people.  Bill, I want you to get Oser on the medical, the autopsy, Susan on Oswald and Ruby histories, tax records...
Bill, Lou, we're standing in the heart of the United States Government's intelligence community in New Orleans.  That's the FBI there, the CIA, Secret Service, ONI.  Doesn't this seem to you a rather strange place for a Communist to spend his spare time?
Upstairs.  In 1963 that was the Office of Naval Intelligence - And just by coincidence, Banister, before he was FBI, was ONI.  What do they say?
Take a look across the street.
Lou, you were in the Marines.  Who would be running that training?
Remember whose office this was back in '63?  531 Lafayette Street.
I know David - a strange character.
Let's get outta here, Lou.  I saw too much stuff like this in the war.
Oh no!... How bad?
What's wrong, Lou?
Russell, honestly you sound like one of those kooky critics spreading paranoia like prairie fire.  I just can't believe the Chief Justice of the United States would put his name on something that wasn't true.
You think there were other men involved, Russell?
You know, something always bothered me about that from day one, and I can't put my finger on it.
I thought the FBI test-fired the rifle to make sure it could be done?
I sometimes feel things've gone downhill since John Kennedy was killed, Senator.
Sure they do.  The camera can pick this up.
That's exactly my question, Jerry. Maybe I'd better show you some pictures so you can begin to understand what I am talking about.
Well, if I am, why is the Government concealing evidence?
Your faith in the veracity of the major media is touching, Jerry.  It indicates that the Age of Innocence is not yet over.  But seriously, Jerry, people aren't interested in Jim Garrison - they want the hard evidence!  They want to know why he was killed and what forces were opposed to...
I've been called everything under the sun, Jerry.  Call me whatever you like.
Just think... just think.  What happened to our country .. to the world...  because of that murder... Vietnam, racial conflict, breakdown of law, drugs, thought control, guilt, assassinations, secret government fear of the frontier...
...some story... the whole thing. It's like it never happened.
His name?
Ever ask him?
...and your General?
Any chance of one of them confessing someday?
Just speculating, I guess.  How do you think it started?
Well, thanks for coming.
I haven't yet.  I don't have much of a case.
The size of this is... beyond me. Testify?
I don't... I can't believe it.  They killed him because he wanted to change things.  In our time - in our country?
I've already been warned by the Agency, Mr. Whoever.  If this is another type of threat, I don't...
Well, I just hope it was worth my while, Mr...
Yes.
Nobody knows what we're talking about, Jack.
Hold on, Jack.  What's the problem?
The assassination, Jack?
Clay Bertrand.  He's in the Warren Report.  He tried to get Oswald a lawyer.  Was Kennedy ever discussed, Jack?
Bertrand.  Clay Bertrand?
Anyone else involved at Banister's level?
Anything more specific, Jack?  It's important.
And Oswald?
Where is Banister in all this?
Was he there often?
Why did Guy beat you, Jack?
You have other information?
Well, I'd ask Guy - we were friendly, you know - heart attack, wasn't it?
How much more?
Yet on November 22, 1963 - the day of the President's murder - our police report says he pistol-whipped you with a .357 Magnum.  But the police report says you had an argument over the phone bill. Here, take a look at it.  Now, does a simple argument over phone bills sound like a believable explanation to you?
And he never hit you before?
Here's my problem, Jack.  You told me you and Guy were good friends for a long time?
It's a means to an end.  This war has two fronts - in the court of law, we hope, against the odds, to nail Clay Shaw on a conspiracy charge. In the court of public opinion, it could take another 25 or 30 years for the truth to come out, but at least we're going to strike the first blow.
I don't think so, Al.  You remember the Hemingway story, "The Old Man and the Sea"?  The old fisherman manages to catch this great fish - a fish so huge he has to tie it to the side of the boat to get it back in.  But by the time he reached shore, the fish had long since been picked apart by sharks and nothing was left but the skeleton.
He'll never make it.  If he wins, they'll kill him.  He wants to avenge his brother.  He'll stop that war. No, they'll kill him before they let him become President.
I expected that two months ago, and they're wasting their time... The bad news is the National Guard has just asked me to resign after 18 years.  Well, maybe that's good news - it was never as good as combat, but this is.  Bill, any more on Oswald and Shaw?
I just don't want to do it.  What else?
No, she could get hurt.  If you believe what's happening to these other people.
Okay, you handle it, Numa.  I don't have time for this nonsense.  We've obviously got the bastards worried now.  I'm going to Washington.
You just need some sleep, Lou.  It won't look so bad when...
Even your own wife, Numa.  Any of you want to quit, do me a favor... put us out of our misery.
It's a contradiction, Numa, get used to them.  The only explanation for the royal treatment is he did give them radar secrets.  Or fake secrets.
How long do you think it would take me to be appointed?
And what would I have to do?
The job manages to keep me pretty busy.
That's it.
Less than you would guess.  Most days two to three assistant D.A.'s. A handful of police investigators.
If you must know, virtually nothing.
I imagine because this is the Criminal District Court Building  This is an enlargement of a potential shooter standing behind the picket fence.  We...
Germany.
They've been enlarged and show a lot of detail...
We can use all the support we can get.  I think these might interest you.
Yes, your letter indicated you were in he oil business up there.
Welcome, Mr. Miller.  Jim Garrison. Would you care for some coffee?
