Oh no!  No!  I can't believe it.  I can't believe it.  Both of them, both brothers, oh my God!
Huh?
I don't think so, Jim...
And if you're wrong?
You never talked to me this way before, Jim Garrison.  I'm not making any threats.  I'm leaving you.  I'm taking the kids to my mother's.  I am - I am.
Oh, I don't know anymore!  I believe there was a conspiracy, but not the government.  I just want to raise our children and live a normal life! I want my life back!
I don't want to see, goddammit!  I'm tired.  I've had enough!  They say you don't have anything anyway! Everybody in town's talking.  You're ruining this man Shaw's life!  You're attacking him because he's homosexual! Going ahead with this stupid "trial"! Did you ever once stop and consider what he's going through?
I'm not fighting you, Jim, I'm just trying to reach you.  You've changed.
Is it such a chore?  I don't understand you.
Jim, before this Kennedy thing, nothing mattered to you in this life more than your children.  The other night Jasper tried to show you a drawing.  You didn't even notice he was there.  He came to me bawling his little eyes out.  Jim, he's sensitive - he needs more from you.
You and your government!  What's the matter with you?  Don't you have any feelings?  Your daughter!  What kind of man are you?
I'm leaving.  I'm taking the kids and I'm leaving!  I won't stand it anymore.
How do you know?  How do you even know what goes on in this house anymore!  You're too busy making speeches, stirring up every crazed Klansman in Louisiana after us!
Our home, Jim!  A kidnapper, a murderer, who knows!
Your daughter's life was just threatened!
A man just called.  He asked her everything!
Did you enter Virginia into a beauty contest?
Leave us ALONE for God's sake!  ...Oh, it's Lou.
It's not funny, Jim, I'm scared.
That sounds dandy, but it doesn't replace a father and a husband on Easter Day.
I think you care more about John Kennedy than your family!  All day long the kids are asking, "Where's Daddy?"  What am I supposed to tell your kids, Jim!
We waited for you... hours, Jim. You could have telephoned, for God's sake.  It's Easter!  You promised, Jim.
My sympathies.
Hi.
You're missing most of your life, Jim, and you don't even know it. The kids are missing out too.  It's not just you making the sacrifice here, honey.
Look at the calendar, for Christ's sake.  You said a Sunday, not Easter Sunday.
But why in the Lord's name would you do it in the middle of Easter Sunday when you knew we were...
Jim, come on, honey, get down on your hands and knees and hunt for Jasper's Easter egg.
Do you have any evidence against him, Jim?  Clay Shaw's done so much for the city with all that restoration in the Quarter.  He's well connected, all his friends, the money, people, be careful, Jim.
Honey, go back to sleep, please!
Jim, what is going on, for heaven's sake!  You going to stay up all night every night?  For what?  So you'll be the only man in America who read the entire 26 volumes of the Warren Report?
These books are getting to your mind, Mr. Garrison.  I wish you'd stop readin' them.
I cannot believe this.  It's four- thirty, Jim Garrison.  I have five children are gonna be awake in another hour and ...
Honey, you all right?
One hour, y'hear?  Some Saturday night date you are.  Mama warned me this would happen if I married such a serious man.
Well maybe you're right, Jim.  I'll give you one hour to solve the case... until the kids are in bed.  Then you're mine and Mr. Kennedy can wait 'til morning.  Come on, everybody say goodnight to Daddy.
Come on now, we'll talk about it at the table, dinner's getting cold.  What are you doing in here?
Jim, dinner's just about ready... I've got a surprise for you... tried something new... Jim?  Jim, dinner.
