You're not digging.
You know you keep saying that.
Not unless we go for Shaw now.
Pretty flowery for Dave Ferrie.
I'm just an investigator, Bill.  I leave the theories to you lawyers.
Correct me if I'm wrong.  I thought we were on the same side.  What the hell business is it of theirs to say that?
What about the mob, Dave?  How do they figure in this?
What do you mean?
Did we involve you, Dave, or did Clay Shaw?
Dave, I always play square.  No bugs. I'd love you to go on the record, but I"m in no hurry.  Whenever you're ready.
Listen, Dave, why don't we order some room service, have a bite, relax. I'll stay as long as you want.
Yeah!  He'd kill for you Dave.  He likes you.  Your mind.
Yeah.  Come on, Dave, come on our side.  I guarantee you the boss'll protect you...  Dave?
Dave, just calm down.  Meet me in the lobby of the Fontainbleau in 20 minutes.  I'll have a suite reserved for you under an assumed name.
Dave, you know that's where this road leads.
What did they...
What are you talking about, Dave? You weren't mentioned in the story. Don't jump to conclusions.
Calm down, Dave, what?
Dave, do you think we're out of our minds?  The whole building's been a zoo since that broke.  We can't get a thing done.  Reporters crawling everywhere.  You think we want that?
Dave?
You sure got it.  You're one stubborn and stupid sonofabitch D.A. and you're making one hell of a mistake!
Well, if that's what you want to call it.  I didn't ever think it would come to this.  I guess I am, boss.
Boss, then I'm afraid I can't continue working with Bill.
I just plain don't trust him anymore.
Chief, I've had my doubts about Bill for a long time.  He's fighting everything.
You never got anyone killed, boss. Their actions killed them years before.  If we stopped now, it'd be even more wrong.
They're gonna love you, chief.
Allen Dulles?
The Warren Commission call him?
Who?
No.
Beats me.  City officials.  Secret Service.  Dallas police.  They did a dry run with Chief Curry a few days before.  But they didn't bother running through Dealey.  They stopped right there, said something like, "and afterwards there's only the freeway," and went home.
One shooter.  One spotter on a radio. Maybe three teams.  I'd say these were professional riflemen, chief, serious people.  Hunters...  patient. It takes skill to kill with a rifle, that's why there's been no execution of an executive with one in 200 years... "3-2-1...  green!"  Or else "Abort!  Abort!"
When Kennedy gets to the kill zone, it's a turkey shoot.
That means we gotta subpoena Time- Life on it.
It was a Texas Live Oak, boss.  It sheds it's leaves the first week of March.  You try to hit a moving target at 88 yards through heavy foliage with this cheap 13-dollar sucker, the world's worst shoulder weapon.  No way.  The FBI tried two sets of tests and not one of their sharpshooters could match Oswald's performance.  Not one.  And Oswald was at best a medium shot.  The scope was defective on it, too.  I mean this is the whole essence of the case to me.  The guy couldn't do the shooting.  Nobody could.  And they sold this lemon to the American public.
The key is the second and third shots came right on top of each other, and it takes a minimum 2.3 seconds to recycle this thing.  The other problem is there was a tree right there...  Blocking the first two shots at the time they occur in the Zapruder film.
Time?
I'd say the opposite - hypertension.
I'm onto Ferrie's Cuban paymaster, Eladio del Valle, in Miami.  I gotta get him in, boss.  I need more men - I can't even pull the teams to watch Ferrie... This is our case!
You don't get it, guys - he can't go down any further.  We got to protect him full time.
And it ain't pretty  ..."the AD has spent more than $8,000 on unexplained travel and investigative expenses since November, 1966.
Mobbed up all the way.  Tight with the Dallas cops.  I'm digging, chief. I just need 10 more men and some more dollars.
I never could figure out why this guy orders a traceable weapon to that post office box when you can go into any store in Texas, give a phony name and walk out with a cheap rifle which can never be traced.
Graveyard dead near Big Sandy, Texas in '65.  Two in the morning on some highway.  A hit and run.
There was Rose Cheramie.  A whore. Two Cubans threw her out of a car on the way to Dallas.
Graveyard dead.  August this year.  A single car accident on an empty road in Midlothian, Texas.  The doctor said he was in some kind of strange shock when he died.
...not a single frayed collar or cuff, new haircuts, fresh shaves, clean hands - new shoe leather. Look at the ear of the cop... That's a wire.  What's a cop wearing a headset for?  I think they're actors, chief; they're not cops.
...take a good look, chief, do any of 'em look like the hoboes you remember?
A photographer from The Dallas Times Herald got some great shots of them never published...
They took 'em to the Sheriff's office, not the police station, and they let 'em go.  No record of them ever being questioned.
What are you driving at, boss?
"Once ONI, always ONI"?
Post Office.
The Office of Naval Intelligence.
I'd say he was probably getting intelligence training.
Yeah, Guy Banister.  Ex-FBI man.  He died couple years ago.
He's been in trouble before.  Used to be a hot shot pilot for Eastern Airlines, but he got canned after an alleged homosexual incident with a 14-year old boy.
One little guy with a cheap rifle - look what he can do.
No word yet.  But they think it's in the head.
Boss, the President's been shot.  In Dallas.  Five minutes ago.
