You know what I mean.  I saw a lot of strange things going on in this office this summer.  And a lotta strange people.
Goddammit chief, why would I ever need to look in your files?  I saw enough here this summer to write a book.
You may not like this, chief, but you're beginning to act paranoid.  I mean, you really are.
Chief, sometimes I don't know whether you're kidding or not.
I think I'll cut out here, chief.  I gotta get home.
Chief, maybe you had a little too much to drink.
God's sake, chief.  The President was shot.
You're so naive, mister.
What's the problem?  What's the problem?  Do I need to spell it out for you, Mr. Garrison?  I better go.
Never.  Not with me sir, never... Listen, I think I'd better go.  I said enough.  I said all I'm going to say.
Sure.  'Course they hated the sonofabitch, but...
Yeah!  That's it.  I don't know.  Maybe it wasn't.  I gotta go.
Clay something, that was his name - Clay.
There was one guy, I don't know, big guy, business guy, white hair - I saw him come into the office once. He looked out of place, y'know - like a society guy.  Can't remember his name.  Oswald was with him.
Yeah, he was there, too... sometimes he'd be meeting with Banister with the door shut.  Other times he'd be shooting the bull with Ferrie.  But he was there all right.
Like I said, a fuckin' nuthouse.
Banister was running his camp north of Lake Pontchartrain.  Ferrie handled a lot of the training.  There was a shooting range and a lot of tropical terrain like in Cuba.  A few Americans got trained, too.  Nazi types. Mercenaries.  But Ferrie was the craziest.
Often?  He practically lived there. It was real cloak and dagger stuff. They called it Operation Mongoose. The idea was to train all these Cuban exiles for another invasion of Cuba. Banister's office was part of a supply line that ran from Dallas, through New Orleans to Miami, stockpiling arms and explosives.
Dave Ferrie - you know about him?
Well, I guess now that Guy's dead, it don't really matter... it was about the people hanging around the office that summer.  I wasn't really part of the operation, you know.  I was handling the private-eye work for Guy when that came in - not much did - but that's why I was there... it was a nuthouse.  There were all these Cubans coming and going.  They all looked alike to me.
I didn't say that.  All I know is he died suddenly just before the Warren Report came out.
If you buy what you read in the paper.
I don't know if I should talk about this.
Never touched me.
More than ten years.
