No, I did not.
No, I would not even know what he looked like except for the pictures I've been shown.
No, I did not.
No, I did not.
Now just a minute, sir!  You're way out of line!
May I go?  Regardless of what you may think of me, Mr. Garrison, I am a patriot first and foremost.
And if I was, Mr. Garrison... do you think I would be here today... talking to somebody like you?
Mr. Garrison, you're reaching.  I am an international businessman.  The Trade Mart which I founded is America's commercial pipeline to Latin America.  I trade everywhere. I am accused, as are all businessmen, of all things.  I somehow go about my business, make money, help society the best I can and try to promote free trade in this world.
Nonsense.  What next?
I'm well aware of this asinine article.  And I am thinking very seriously of suing this rag of a newspaper.
Of course not!  Such a pity, that assassination.  In fact, I admired President Kennedy.  A man with true panache, and a wife with impeccable taste.
You really have me consorting with a cast of sordid characters, don't you, Mr. Garrison.
Naturally.  Are you claiming, Mr. Garrison, that Mr. Oswald also had dinner with me?
One meets so many attorneys in my business.  No, I don't believe I know Dean Andrews.
Clay Bertrand?  Clay Bertrand?  I believe there was a man with a name similar to that who worked at the Chamber of Commerce.  Is that the man you had in mind?
No.  I'm sure I've never met anyone of such a bizarre appearance.
No.  I have never known anyone by that name.  Of course never having met Mr. O'Keefe I could hardly have met Mr. Ferrie...
Who?
Pffft!  Absolute nonsense.  The Quarter is filled with vivid imaginations, my dear Mr. Garrison - grimy young hoodlums who'll say and do anything.  As you well know.
It adds a taste of elegance for which I must confess a weakness for now and then.  I call him Smedley.  His real name is Frankie Jenkins - but I could hardly imagine anything more uncouth during dinner than my turning toward the kitchen and hollering "Frankie!" .. Where is this leading to, Mr. Garrison?
Not at all.  But on the other hand, I do have a lovely Chippendale dining table and I often have a friend over sitting at one end while I sit at the other.  That is precisely the point of a long dining table.  The splendor of the meal adds to the enjoyment of it.
No, I don't believe I know anyone by that name.
No.
No.  Never heard of him.
I wouldn't imagine where.
I'm not sure I understand.
