Or a cover up!  Jesus, Bill, don't you have enough proof of the FBI's complicity now?
No!... Shaw!  Director of The Trade Mart?  This is incredible.
Who?
You want facts, Bill?  Okay.  From 1945 to '59 only two U.S. soldiers defect to Russia.  From '59 to '60, seven defect, six return, one of them another Marine a month before Oswald.  All of them young men made to seem poor, disenchanted.
I don't know if it's coincidence, but Oswald had a top security clearance and knew about the U2 program from his days at Atsugi Air Base in Japan.  Six months after he arrives in Russia, Francis Gary Powers' U2 spy flight goes down in Russia.  That plane was untouchable. Powers hinted that Oswald could've given the Russians enough data to hit it.  As a direct result, the peace summit between Khrushchev and Eisenhower failed.  I can't help thinking of that book Seven Days In May, maybe someone in our military didn't want the Peace Conference to happen, maybe Oswald was part of that.  It gets weirder.
Yes, but we're talking about a dead warehouse employee of no political significance.  Three years later and he's still classified?  They gave us his grammar school records, a study of his pubic hairs... Put it in context, Bill, of what we know about Oswald.  Lonely kid, no father, unstable childhood, high school dropout - wants to grow up and be a spy, joins the Marines at 17.  He learns Russian, he acts overtly Marxist with two other marines, but he's stationed at a top secret base in Japan where U2 spy flights over Russia originate.  He's discharged from the Marines supposedly because his mother's sick.  He stays home 3 days, then with a $1500 ticket from a $203 bank account, he goes to Moscow...
I'm sorry.
Aren't you being a little hard?
This is interesting - are you ready for this?  Oswald went to see the FBI two weeks before the assassination.  It seems Special Agent Hosty made three routine visits to his house, supposedly to keep an eye on Marina Oswald.
Bugging the District Attorney's office of New Orleans!  It's outrageous!
...now it gets positively spooky. In January, 1961 - in New Orleans, at the Bolton Ford Dealership - when the Oswald we know is in Russia - there is a man using the name "Oswald" to buy trucks for the Friends of Democratic Cuba.  The salesman never saw him again, but guess who's on the articles of incorporation of the Friends of Democratic Cuba?  Guy Banister.  Banister has someone using the name "Oswald" to buy the trucks.  Hoover, at the FBI, writes a memo dated June, 1960, that there could be someone using Oswald's passport and identity.
All I can find out about the Williams' is their tax returns are classified and that Bill Williams, a descendant of the Cabots of Massachusetts, has links through his family and United Fruit to the CIA and does classified work for Bell Helicopter which requires a security clearance - so what is Oswald, a defector, doing visiting his wife in his house? Williams has a relationship at Bell with General Walter Dornberger, another one of the Nazis we brought in after the War for our missile program.  He used slave labor to build the V-2 Rockets for Hitler before Bell needed him.
The Oswalds are introduced by George de Mohrenschildt to Janet and Bill Williams.  It's through Janet Williams in October '63 that Lee gets the warehouse job, right smack on Elm Street at the Book Depository, which is owned by another oilman with ties to defense and military intelligence.
Equally incongruous is Oswald becoming chummy with the White Russian community of Dallas - all rabid anti- Communists.
The next thing we know he's living in Dallas/Ft. Worth in October '62 working 6 months at Jaggars-Chiles- Stovall, a photographic firm that contracts to make maps for the U.S. Army... He starts work only days before the government reveals Russian missiles in Cuba and the crisis explodes.  Oswald may have had access to missile site footage obtained by the U2 planes and works alongside a young man who'd been in the Army Security Agency.
None either.  It's bizarre.  It's next to impossible to get Russian sweethearts out.  Nor does Lee have any problem getting a new passport when he wants to go to Cuba and Russia in '63.  A man who has defected once already.  It's crazy.
Spas T. Raikin, a leading member of an anti-Communist group.
The FBI finally gets around to talking to him in Dallas and runs a file on him as a miscreant Communist type.
None!  The State Department issues him a new passport in 48 hours and loans him the money to travel.  He's never investigated or charged by the Navy for revealing classified information or, as far as we know, debriefed by the CIA.
But he never writes, speaks, or does any propaganda for the Russians.  He meets Marina, whose uncle is a colonel in Soviet intelligence, at a trade union dance; she thinks he's Russian the way he speaks, six weeks later they marry, have a daughter.
Finally they shuttle him to a radio factory in Minks where he lives as high on the hog as he ever has - he's given 5,000 rubles, a roomy apartment with a balcony, has affairs with local girls.
Negative on his tax records. Classified.  First time I know a D.A. can't get a tax record.  I put together a list of all the CIA files on Oswald that were part of the Warren Report and asked for them.  There are about 1200 documents...  Oswald in the USSR, in Mexico City, Oswald and the U2, a CIA 201 personnel file, a memo from the Director on Oswald, travel and activities - can't get one of them.  All classified as secret on the grounds of national security.  It's real strange.
