I keep thinking of that day, Tuesday the 26th, the day after they buried Kennedy, L.B.J. was signing the memorandum on Vietnam with Ambassador Lodge.
It never did.
I knew the man 20 years.  That's him.  The way he walked... arms at his side, military, the stoop, the haircut, the twisted left hand, the large class ring.  What was he doing there?  If anyone had asked him, he'd probably say "protection" but I'll tell you I think he was giving some kind of "okay" signal to those hoboes - they're about to get booked and he's telling 'em it's gonna be okay, they're covered.  And in fact they were - you never heard of them again.
Does it matter?  Another technician. But an interesting thing - he was there that day in Dealey Plaza.  You know how I know?  That picture of yours.  The hoboes... you never looked deep enough...
You never ask a spook a question. No point.  He'll never give you a straight answer.  General Y still thinks of himself of the handsome young warrior who loved this country but loved the concept of war more.
...got promoted to two stars, but he was never military, you know, always CIA.  Went to Vietnam, lost his credibility when we got beat over there, retired, lives in Virginia. I say hello to him when I see him at the supermarket...
...don't think so.  When they start to drool, they get rid of 'em.  These guys are proud of what they did. They did Dealey Plaza!  They took out the President of the United States!  That's entertainment!  And they served their country doing it.
He's done it before.  Other countries. Lumumba in the Congo, Trujillo, the Dominican Republic, he's working on Castro.  No big deal.  In September, Kennedy announces the Texas trip. At that moment, second Oswalds start popping up all over Dallas where they have the mayor and the cops in their pocket.  Y flies in the assassins, maybe from the special camp we keep outside Athens, Greece - pros, maybe some locals, Cubans, Maria hire, separate teams.  Does it really matter who shot from what rooftop?  Part of the scenery.  The assassins by now are dead or well paid and long gone...
I think it started in the wind. Money - arms, big oil, Pentagon people, contractors, bankers, politicians like L.B.J. were committed to a war in Southeast Asia.  As early as '61 they knew Kennedy was going to change things... He was not going to war in Southeast Asia.  Who knows? Probably some boardroom or lunchroom somewhere - Houston, New York - hell, maybe Bonn, Germany... who knows, it's international now.
You didn't get that break you needed, but you went as far as any man could, bubba.  What can I do for you?
But you don't have a choice anymore. You've become a significant threat to the national security structure. They would've killed you already, but you got a lot of light on you. Instead, they're gonna destroy your credibility; they already have in many circles in this town.  You're some kinda ego-crazed southern caricature to many folks.  Be honest - the best chance you got is come up with a case, something, anything, make arrests, stir the shitstorm. You gotta hope to reach a point of critical mass where other people will come forward and the government will crack.  Remember, fundamentally people are suckers for the truth, and the truth is on your side, 'bubba. I hope you get a break...
No chance in hell, Mr. Garrison. I'd be arrested and gagged, declared insane and hospitalized... maybe worse.  You, too.  I can only give you background, you got to find the foreground, the little things... Keep digging.  Y'know you're the only person to ever bring a trial in the murder of John Kennedy.  That's important - it's historic.
Kings are killed, Mr. Garrison. Politics is power, nothing more. But don't believe me.  Don't trust me.  Do your own work, your own thinking.
I'm not with the Agency, Mr. Garrison, and I assume if you've come this far, what I have to say interests you.  But I'm not going to name names, or tell you who or what I represent. Except to say - you're close, you're closer than you think...
I could give you a false name, but I won't.  Just call me X.
I'm glad you came.  I'm sorry about the precautions.
Jim Garrison?
