"Mike?"
How grave?
No, no, we're fine...
C'mon, it all worked out. You came out okay in the end...
That Canada story? Still interest you?
You and I have been doing this together for fourteen years.
I'm not talking celebrity, vanity, CBS. I'm talking about when you're nearer the end of your life than the beginning. Now, what do you think you think about then? The future? "In the future I'm going to do this? Become that?"  What "future"? No. What you think is: how will I be regarded in the end? After I'm gone.
In the real world, when you get to where I am, there are other considerations...
Give me a break!
Oh, how fortunate I am to have Lowell Bergman's moral tutelage to point me down the shining path. To show me the way.
I see a rhetorical question on the horizon.
Yeah, that's right.
How many shows have we done? Huh? C'mon, how many?
Did I get you up?
Alright. What did you think?
You disappeared on me. How long you staying?
Do me a favor, will you? Spare me, for God's sake. Get in the real world. What do you think? I'm going to resign in protest? To force it on the air? The answer is "no." I don't plan to spend the end of my days wandering in the wilderness of National Public Radio.  That decision I've already made.
I took off on Tisch. I took off on corporate. They'll know they're not going to see everything on Sunday night...
I'm with Don on this.
Lowell!
Lowell.
Lowell.
What?
After we corroborate it. That's why we've never lost a lawsuit and run a classy show.  Anything else?
Good.
Who are these people?
Yeah, well, questions will go toward what work you did there, why you were fired. And others will deal...
Thank you for saying that...
How are the rooms? Comfortable?
Oh, torture? Great ratings.
What do you mean?
No shit.
Well, it isn't "cigarettes are bad for you"...
What "Seven Dwarfs?"
Bring a tie so they'll let us in the front door...
You eating with us?
Good, well ask him if Arabic is his second language.
"You wish you hadn't blown the whistle?"
"The former executive has reason to bet on being sued, for major cigarette manufacturers..."
And, do you wish you hadn't come forward? You wish you hadn't blown the whistle?
And on March 24, Thomas Sandefur, CEO of Brown & Williamson had you fired. And the reason he gave you?
In other words, you were charging Sandefur and Brown & Williamson with ignoring health considerations consciously...
And you sent the document forward to Sandefur?
You're saying that Brown & Williamson manipulates and adjusts the nicotine fix, not by artificially adding nicotine, but by enhancing the effect of nicotine through the use of chemical elements such as ammonia...
A delivery device for nicotine. Put it in your mouth, light it up, and you're gonna get your fix...
And that's what cigarettes are for...?
All of us did. There was this whole line of people... whole line of CEOs up there all swearing.
You heard Mr. Sandefur say before Congress that he believed nicotine was not addictive...?
