Excuse me, Mister President, but you forgot to give me my camera back.
We have many splendidly deep mines in our country.
And now, Mister President, I must return at once to my embassy to communicate this reassuring news to the Premier.
And surely you don't expect us to let you spy in our country before you destroy your weapons.
I know nothing of the sort!
Bah!  All you wanted to do was spy in our country!
It is very convenient to place all the blame on a dead man.
Allow me to assure you that my government will not be satisfied with a polite note of regret for this shocking example of aggression against our peace-loving people.
The source was...shall we say, completely reliable.
But, finally, one factor tipped the scales. We received information from a very re- liable source that your country was going to build one.
First of all, economic reasons.  It was cheap.  The entire project cost just a fraction of what we spent in a single year on our various space and missile programs. It also seemed ideal in most other respects. It was terrifying, convincing, automatic, and extremely simple to understand.
It is buried somewhere in the Grudd Mountains.
Our scientists calculated that the detonation of fifty of our biggest nuclear devices, jacketed in Cobalt-Thorium-G would enshroud the earth in a hundred years of lethal radio- activity from which no human life could escape. In ten months the Earth would be as dead as the Moon.
Well, it has been explained to me that, if you add a thick Cobalt-Thorium-G jacket to a nuclear device, the radio- activity resulting from such a nuclear explosion will retain its lethal power for a hundred years.
I am sorry.  Sub-miniature photography is my hobby.  It's amazing what excellent en- largements you can make from the negative.
If he's not there, try...  87 - 43 - 56.
Where are you trying to reach him?
I have your word, Mister President?
The food - you wouldn't put - anything in it, would you?
Thank you, Admiral.
Possibly some coffee?
Can I have a glass of water?
War-mongering bully!  Don't think you're going to intimidate me!
You will not get away with this vicious attack on our peace-loving people.
One, two...  three, four...  five...  Why you, dirty, stinking...
My seven body orifices????
Please, Mister President, I am extremely shy and do not wish to endure this sort of personal humiliation.  Here is the only other camera I have left.
It's not a he, General.  It was an article in the "Times" about a year and a half ago.
Perhaps you gentlemen would like to check with the source?
Ah, but if we were able to untrigger it, that would be defeating its purpose.  All our enemies would have to do, would be to warn us in advance that they were going to violate one of our unalterable triggering conditions. We would bluff, naturally, but in the end we would be insane not to untrigger it. Now we can say: There is no point trying to intimidate us, we don't control the Doomsday Machine.
You're absolutely right.  We wouldn't.  No sane nation ever would.  That's why it was designed to trigger itself automatically.
Naturally.  It would kill us just as surely even if we set it off in your country.  But this way we know it's safe, and we don't have the problem of delivering it.
Give that back to me.
Don't you dare touch me!  What the devil do you think you're doing?
Premier Belch will not be fooled by this fantastic lie.
