Major, I happen to believe in a life after this one, so I believe I will have to answer for what I have done.  I think I can.
To peace on earth, Major.
Major, those are my boys out there dying.
Major, I hate to say this, but I think you've been enemy indoctrinated, and you don't even know it.
Do you think they would cheat?
Do you think we'd cheat?
And you'd like to see that?
But if they suddenly opened up and gave us the inspection we want, we'd agree, wouldn't we?
I'll tell you what I do think.  If they say they're for disarmament, I say anyone who says they're for disarmament is either a traitor or a damned fool.
Don't be offended, Major.  Our President holds the same views.
Major, you're talking like one of them!
No, Major, I don't.  They have no regard for human life.  They wouldn't care if they lost their whole country as long as they won.
I still ask, why do they want disarmament?
Go on, Major.  You fascinate me.
I've heard the arguments.  Like Napoleon's quote, "There's one thing you can't do with a bayonet, and that's - sit on it."
Go on, Major.
Then don't you realize the Bomb gives us Peace not War?  And, if that's the case, I ask you again: Why do they want disarmament?
But war doesn't make sense precisely because the weapons can kill an entire country -- right?
But we mean it because we are a peace- loving country.  Are they a peace-loving country, Major.
You're very naive, Major.  Don't they say they want disarmament?
Not yet, Major.  Not yet.
Where?  Everywhere, Major.  Everywhere.
Major Mandrake, I guess you don't follow what's going on too closely, do you?
You're absolutely right.  You forgot to mention their nuclear subs.  But it wouldn't matter. Sure we wouldn't get off without getting our hair mussed, but we'd prevail.  I don't think we'd lose more than fifty million people, tops.
I know so, Major.  I know so.  And add to that, the whole Air Command force being committed to clobber everything they've got.
Our missiles would impact before my planes were even discovered by the enemy, wouldn't they?
You're being dense, Major.  I certainly don't
That's close enough, Major.
If we haven't taken any further action, they certainly will.  Doyyourhappen to remember the statistics on our casualties in the event of a full-scale enemy attack?
You see, Major, at this very moment, while we sit and chat, a decision is being made by the President in the War Room.  He knows that the enemy will pick up our planes on their radar in about twenty minutes.
When he said it, fifty years ago, he might have been right.  But today, war is too important to be left to the politicians. Do you follow me, Major?
He said war was too important a matter to be left to Generals.
Do you remember what Clemenceau once said about war?
I've given it alot of thought, Major.  Don't think I haven't.
Ask away, Major.
To peace on earth.
Perfect.  Thank you, Major.  And now let's drink a toast.
Just a squirt.
You're damned right they are.
We've come a long way since World War II, Major.  And the lessons we've learned are all in Plan-R.
Don't fret about it, Major.  There's nothing anyone can do about it now.  I'm the only one who knows the three-letter code group for the CRM-114.
Perhaps, Major.  Perhaps.  Pour me a scotch and soda, please.  And help yourself to whatever you like.
Suppose that were the case?
Because I thought it proper, Major.  Why else would you think I'd do it?
And if that were true?
That's a good question, Major.  Maybe if you think hard, you can think of the answer yourself.
You know the regulations well, Major.
That is correct, Major.
Certainly, Major Mandrake.  You're a good officer, and you can ask me a question any time you want to.
I didn't mean for anyone to play anyone else's radio either, Major.
I see you're playing your radio, Major. Isn't that contrary to my instructions for the personnel of this base?
That's right, Major.
Please don't take any notice of this weapon, Major.  I love all weapons, and as of late, I've just taken to keeping a loaded weapon nearby at all times.
