That's right, fella.
See!  See, I told you.
You mean you'll tell us his name???
Then all you have to do is untrigger it.
Mister President, I can't buy this malarkey; they wouldn't set the damn thing off.  Why should they?
Do you mean to say you'd set it off in your own country?
What do you think of this, Mister President?  I told you we shouldn't let him in here.
I caught you red-handed, Mister Ambassador.
Mister President, are you going to let this stooge talk to you like this?
Does the threat board show anything?
Well, that's ridiculous.  If the teleprinter and radio links are out of order, just pick up a phone and pay for a call.
Then why bother me with this nonsense? Get in touch with the base commander.
Colonel, you're not drunk, are you, man?
I didn't say anything.  What's the meaning of disturbing me at this hour, Colonel?
Go back to sleep, baby.
Yes!  Who the hell is this?
Yes!
Zlat, make sure the secret service boys care- fully search his seven body orifices.
Well, sir, if the A/C's a really good man, I mean really sharp, why he can barrel that plane along so low - well you just have to see it some time.  A real big plane, like a Sting Ray, zig-zagging in, its jet exhaust frying chickens in the barnyard ---  Has he a chance?.....Hell, yes!  He has one hell of a chance.
If I can speak freely, sir -- look, these guys talk big, but frankly, we think they're short of know-how.  You can't just take a bunch of ignorant peasants and expect them to understand a machine like one of our boys, and I don't mean that as an insult, Mister Ambassador.  Hell, we all know what kind of guts your people have.  Why just look how many millions of 'em those Nazis  killed and, hell, they still wouldn't quit.
Well, the Premier doped it out pretty well. Its primary is their missile base at Laputa.
Yes, sir.  We're still sending it.  But it's a funny thing we don't seem to be able to make any contact with the aircraft at all.
Well, sir, it looks like one aircraft, the "Leper Colony", failed to receive the recall.
Well, just common sense, sir.  Thirty from thirty-four equals four, or my name's not "Buck" Schmuck!
Mister President, there were thirty-four aircraft involved.  Thirty acknowledged the recall.  That makes four shot down.
Well, if you choose to take his word over mine ---
Naturally I am, sir.
I'm not certain, Mister President.  But I believe it was four.
I believe it will be just a few minutes, at the most.
I'm not certain, Mister President.  The boys in CONCOM do the pencil work.
They're coming in now.
We don't operate like you KGB boys.
But he'll hear everything we're saying.  And if he just looks out of that window, he'll see everything we're doing.
I don't think that's a fair analogy, sir.
But we can't communicate with the base.
General Jack D. Ripper, sir.
I should say practically none, though we have our communications center plowing through every possible three-letter combination. The trouble is that there are about seventeen thousand permutations, and it will take us approximately four and a half days to go through them all.
Mister President, I know you think I've let you down, but we had to have a Plan-R.  If we completely centralized the command and control, all a potential aggressor would have to worry about was knock- ing out maybe half a dozen headquarters and the Capitol, and we'd be out of business. We'd have planes and missiles just sitting there while we were getting clobbered.
We estimate the planes should be entering their coastal radar cover in about twenty-five min- utes.
Mister President, to guard against espionage, the three letter of the code group for Plan-R are always selected by the lower echelon commander himself, just before each mission.  They are sealed in the various attack plans and are known only to the lower echelon commander and his deputy.  In this case the deputy is air-borne with the Wing, and General Ripper refuses to recall the planes.
Once the orders have been given, Plan-R requires any new orders to be received on the CRM-114 in the aircraft.  But the CRM-114 will not receive any transmissions unless they are preceded by the proper three-letter code group.
Well, sir, Plan-R is an emergency plan to be used by lower echelon commanders if higher echelons have been knocked out by a sneak attack.
Yes, sir.  The base commander, General Ripper, selected Plan-R?
That's right, sir.  But the planes were at their Positive Control points, ready to turn around when General Ripper issued the final Go-code.
I'm afraid so, Mister Presient. Being part of the air-borne alert, each plane is carrying a full load - about fifty megatons apiece.
It was a honest mistake, sir.
