Maximum ECM.
He's right.  They must have clobbered some of our cities already.
He's right.  We wouldn't have started it.
What else could it be?
Sure, King.
Forget it.
Thanks, King.  I've always wanted to take one of these big babies in.
King, would you mind if I keep me hands on the wheel when you take her in?
I thought maybe you'd like some company.
I thought I'd go along for the ride.
We're on course, Major.  Just fixed our position on that river back there.
Well, it would probably help if you took it ...sort of...straight down.
I think it's okay, King.  They should go off on impact.
Let me check.
But how are we going to drop the bombs if the doors won't ---  Hey, King....you're not thinking of --- You don't mean you'd --- ???
But I TOLD YOU, I don't think we can get the bomb bay doors open.
I tried everything.  Something must have gotten bent or twisted from the pounding we took.
But I get a red light.
Well, I can't get out and look, King.  But I don't get a green light.
Well, I hate to say this, but I think the bomb bay doors are stuck.
It's me - Lothar.  Are you okay?
Sorry, King.
You're giving them an awful lot of credit for being on the ball.
Come on, King.  That doesn't make sense.
But the code is made up by General Ripper, and he's the only one left at the base who would know the code.
Take it easy, Major Kong.
Look, King, maybe you've lost too much blood, or something.
I don't get you, King.
Right.  So how could we get any messages?
Like hell it does.
But the CRM-114 has been smashed for almost an hour.
Look, this is different.
How the hell do I know?  Maybe the war's over.
They must have gotten it from the base. No one else would know it.
Wait a minute, Major.  "OPE," that's the recall code.  Where would they get that?
What do you mean?
What are you talking about?
What do you mean?
No, I think it means, "Recall period Mistake," and the OPE is probably the CRM-114 code. Terry?
No, look!  It's "OPE - Recall Mistake."
I don't know what we got left besides Bim and Bam.
He's dead, all right.
How do you know he's dead?
Where'd they get you?
Sure!  Sure, I'm on my way.
What happened?
Can't "Ace" help you?
Yes, Major.
Everything still checks out okay.
Master safety on.
Primary bomb is live.
Master safety.
Fusing for ten thousand air burst.
Second safety.
Release first safety.
Primary circuit is live.
When do you want to arm the bomb for the primary, Major?
Bomb doors circuit is green, bomb release circuit is green, bomb fusing circuit is green.
Hellnno, Major.  I was just trying to think the thing through.
Well, if they hit us first, they've probably fired off their missiles and got their planes off the ground already.  We'll just be hitting empty real estate.
Well, if there's a war, they must have hit us first.
Our targets are a missile complex and an airfield - not cities, right?
I've got one.
