Can't help it.  What's the wind like?
Give me revs for maximum speed at sea level.
All right...we're still flying.  I'm taking her down to the deck.
Thanks, Binky.  Can you see Bromdingna Island yet?
Lothar, take your checks now.
Roger. One-three-eight.
Give me a first rough course as soon as you can, Lieutenant Ballmuff.
No, they wouldn't send us in with bombs on an exercise.
Sure, I'll take her up right now.
Sure, I'll take her up to eight hundred.
Hey, Terry, I'm hit.
Hang on, boys.
If they come down low enough to make a firing pass, they'll never be able to pull up in time.
They can't touch us at this height.
They must have made a visual contact.
Roger.
Lieutenant Quiffer, we're all sorry you were hit, and we'll help you stick it together as soon as we get squared away.
Come on, Quentin, isn't that pretty selfish, putting yourself ahead of the mission?
Lieutenant Toejam, why don't you help him?
We'll worry about that later.  Okay, I'll take damage reports.
Maximum ECM!
Call them every five miles.
Speed?
They must have been fired from Bromdingna - probably one of their new Vampire - 202's. They've got a range well over a hundred miles.
Roger, keep calling them.  Knock off auto-pilot, Ace.
Check.
Check.
A through H is correct.
Forget it, Quentin.  It can happen to the best of us.  Now let's get squared away.
War.
Then this is it.
Skip it and jump, damn you!  This flak's so close, I can smell it.
Forget it.
Very interesting.
No kidding.
What does it look like?
Damn you, Lieutenant Toejam!  Lothar!
Listen, I think I'm hit bad.
Lieutenant Toejam's going to help you in a minute.  Can you check your ECM?
Primary arming switch.
Lieutenant Toejam, are you ready for Bim and Bam?
Primary target the ICBM base at Laputa. One weapon fused for air burst at ten thou- sand.  Second weapon to be used if first malfunctions.  Otherwise the secondary gets it - the airfield outside of Karnak.  Fused air burst at ten thousand.
Okay.  Check these points.  Complete radio silence.  To ensure that the enemy can't plant false transmissions and fake orders, the CRM-114 is to be switched into all receiver circuits.  The three code letters of the period are to be set on the alphabet dials of the CRM-114, which will in turn block any transmissions other than those preceded by the code letters. You got it?
No, this looks like the real thing.
Check your code again.  No one at base would pull a stunt like that, Terry.
Yeah?
Well, I just wanted you to know how I felt. Hell, I know Air Command wouldn't have taken you if you weren't okay.  And don't think I don't know some of our best ball-players and entertainers are of Negro descent.
I just wanted you to know I didn't mean anything by it.
Listen, Lothar.  You know that crack I made about your...butt?
I'd be mighty proud if you did, Lothar.
Now what the hell did you want to go and do a thing like that for, Lothar?
What the hell are you doing here, Lothar?
Roger.
Would it matter if they hit at a flat angle? I mean, do you think the deuterium mass might separate from the atomic trigger?
There's no other way, boys.  I'm going to have to take her in...the hard way.
There's no other way, Lothar.  Can you re-arm the bombs for impact?
I asked you a question, Lothar!
Lothar, can you arm the bombs for impact?
Have you tried the emergency system?
Maybe the warning system's out.
Are you sure?
I'm okay.  What's up?
Who's that?
Forget it.  Okay, team, let's break it up and get ready for the kick-off.
First lesson in War College:  Never under- estimate your enemy.
We crossed the coast over an hour ago. Okay?
Okay, how do we know they didn't shoot down one of our planes and torture the crew?  How do we know that?
Nobody's loyalty is beyond question.  Besides, how do we know one of his staff didn't see it?
There are plenty of traitors and spies running around loose.
Then get off my back!
Lieutentant Zogg, how would you like your black butt slung into a General Court Martial when we get back???
I said that's the point!
That's the point.
The CRM-114 is smashed, right?
Then that settles it, doesn't it?
Our orders warn us to expect the enemy to use ingenuity in issuing contrary and confusing orders.  And therefore, to disregard anything that doesn't come on the CRM-114.
Lieutenant Zogg, what do our orders say about the authentication of orders during an attack mission?
Why should they call us back?
You tell me.
Well, we sure as hell aren't going home just because the enemy tells us to.
I mean pulling a stunt like that.
You sure have to hand it to those guys.
Recall what mistake?
Quentin, how's your gear?
Listen, give me a shot quick!
Hell, he looks dead.
In the back...feels like an arrowhead.
I bit his jugular vein.  Now will you shut up and get up here???
He's dead.
Lothar, get up here fast, and bring your First- Aid kit!  I'm hit kinda bad, I think.
Binky?
Let's have a rundown on the damage, Lothar?
All right, Lothat, that does it.  Master safety on now until bomb run.
Master Kong.
Check, ten thousand air burst.
Seond safety.
First safety.
Primary trigger switch.
As soon as I've checked over the route. About five minutes.  All right?
Check, all bomb circuits green.  Okay, Lothar.
Check target approach.
Are you saying our order don't make sense?
What's your point, Lothar?
That's what I said.
Shoot, Lothar.
In about twenty minutes we start losing height to keep under coastal radar.  Cross in over the coast low-level, continue low- level on zig-zag legs to primary, and climb for bomb run.  Any questions?
