Who the hell do you think you are, sir???
It might still be worth trying Riki-Tiki- Tavi.  R...T...T...There's only three combinations of -- T...T...R, or T...R...T...
The three-letter code group.  Or maybe some combination of the three letters. P...O...E, or P...E...O, or E...O...P... let's see, there would be six possible combinations.
I think that just might be it!  Although it could be Riki-Tiki-Tavi.
Come in...come in... Peace On Earth... Peace On Earth...yes...
Colonel, remember, a reprimand from the President can be pretty serious to a career officer...Just a second, operator, I know I have it somewhere.
Operator...How much would the call be station-to-station?...Thirty-five cents cheaper?...I'd still be short twenty cents ...Just a second, operator...  Colonel, shoot the lock off the Coke machine.  There's bound to be enough change in there.
Well, I'm General Ripper's Executive officer. He'll want to talk to me.
He wanted to talk to General Ripper, didn't he?
Wait a minute.  The President!!  That's it! The President!!!
Okay, Colonel.  But look, there's a pay phone just outside in the hall.  Maybe that works, huh?  Maybe it'll work?  What do you think?
Look, Colonel.  Maybe it's too late. Maybe they've sent Air Command in already.  But we've got to try to con- tact somebody.
Now look, I'm picking up this ordinary telephone.  See?...Hello?...Hello?... Nuts, the lines must still be disconnected.  The General had us disconnect...
Sure...sure, Colonel.  Now look, I'm picking up the phone...nice and slow.  Right?...Hello? ...Hello?  Hello?...Hello?...Gee, it must be edad. Probably the lines were hit during the fighting.
Look, Colonel.  You keep me covered, but let me just pick up this red telephone that connects to Air Command headquarters. Okay?...I won't play any tricks on you... Okay?
Didn't they tell you?
Look, General Ripper went off his rocker and ordered the 843rd Bomb Wing to attack with H-bombs.
Colonel, don't you know what's going on?
Look, Colonel.  I've got to talk to somebody at Air Command.
Look, I didn't shoot him!
What?
Well, you can't do that because he's dead.
Yes, sir.
Thank you, sir.
No, sir.  I'm just bringing the facts to your attention, sir.
General Ripper, if I shut down the communi- cations center, there'll be no radio or teleprinter contact with Air Command head- quarters or anyone, for that matter.
No, sir.  Plan-R to be radioed to the Wing.
Plan-R????
No, sir.
To you, sir.  But how do I know?
Yes, sir.  I just thought of something, sir.  How do I know I'm talking to you now?
I understand, sir.  Nothing comes or goes without your personal say-so.
You're right, sir.
That's right, sir.
Yes, sir.
But...what kind of a shooting war?  Have they hit any of our cities yet?
A shooting war!
Yes, sir.  What's up, General Ripper?
Condition Red!
Yes, sir.
No, sir.
I don't know, sir. We just spoke a few minutes ago.
Certainly, General.  Why do you ask, sir?
Yes, sir.
Combat Operations Center, Major Mandrake speaking.
General, now that you've done that, I beg you to recall the Wing.
Peace on earth.
Yes, sir.  Why don't you stop the fighting, sir?
Look, sir.  I'm no expert on the subject, but I've read some pretty sharp ideas the big boys have.  Like, say, both countries agreeing to a million dollar reward and international protection for anyone who gives evidence of cheating to the inspectors. You can't hide those things without a lot of people knowing about it.  And if I were going to try and hide a few, I wouldn't want to depend on the fact that some poor slob isn't going to run and blab for a million bucks.  We're as smart as they are, and if they cheat, or even hold back information, we'd pull right out.
No, sir.  I'm sure we wouldn't.
General, what's good enough for the President and all the experts he's got working on the thing, is good enough for me.
If they gave us what we think we need, yes, I guess we would.
But, General, we're on our toes.  We haven't agreed to anything for years.  Inffact, a a lot of people say we never will.
Don't you think he knows something about this, General Ripper?
Well, I'm not, sir.  Honestly, sir.
Gee, sir, that last remark doesn't exactly make all the sense in the world.
Well, for the same reasons we do, sir. Don't you see?
Well, sir, I remember an example that pointed out that if a system was safe on 99.99% of the days of the year, given average luck it would fail in thirty years.
That's right, sir.  And don't forget in a few years a lot of other countries will have the bomb.  What if they start something?
I was just going to say, as long as the weapons exist, sooner or later something's going to happen -- and that'll be it for both countries.
Well, sir, like I said, for the same reasons we do.  I mean, all the experts say the most likely way for War to start nowadays is by an accident, or a mistake, or by some mentally unbalanced person --
Right.
I don't know, sir.  But they're just as anxious to avoid a nuclear war as we are. War just doesn't make sense any more, for anybody.
Yes, sir.  But so do we.
And I guess they won't until they agree to let us inspect inside their country.
Well, I know they've been going on for years, and they haven't gotten any place.
Where, sir?
But if you just let things alone, we wouldn't lose anyone.
But even then, we wouldn't get everything.  I mean some missiles would abort, or they'd miss their targets, or maybe the enemy have some secret bases we don't know about.
I guess so.
I suppose we might catch them off their guard.
But then why do you want to kill a hundred and sixty million of our people, sir?
Well, I think I remember reading the report on that.  Wasn't it something like a hundred and sixty million?
But when they do, sir, won't they hit back with everything they've got?
I'm trying to, sir.
I see.
I don't think so, sir.
No, sir.  I mean I didn't think you hadn't given it a lot of thought.
Well, General -- I was wondering, why are you doing this?  I mean why do you want to start the war?
General Ripper, can I ask another question?
What shall we drink to, sir?
That about right?
How much soda, sir.
I suppose they are, sir.
I know that, sir.
But -- why...that would be an awful thing to do, sir.
But then, sir, why have you issued the order: Wing attack, Plan-R?
Well, I was thinking, maybe an enemy attack is not in progress?
Well, sir, I was thinking, if an enemy attack is in progress, how come the radio's still playing music?  It's supposed to go off, and all we should hear are Civil Defense broadcasts.
And a condition red means enemy attack in progress, doesn't it?
Well, General Ripper, sir -- I was thinking -- we're on a condition red, aren't we?
Yes, sir.  General, can I ask a question?
Oh, it's not my radio, sir.  I picked it up in the communications center.
Sort of like a new hobby, huh, General?
What's the gun for, General Ripper?
