Oh, yes, that's right.
Goodbye, Mister Ambassador.
Don't you realize that despite your incredible distrust and suspicion, that in fact, you place a far greater trust in us than inspection would require?  You trust us not to cause a war accidentally - and, of course, we are obliged to place the same trust in you.
Surely, you don't expect us to destroy our weapons without being able to verify that you are doing the same?
That's nonsense, and you know it!
This dreadful accident could never have happened if your government hadn't cynically and hypocritic- ally blocked every proposal we made for disarmament or arms control!!
How dare you talk to me in this manner?
Damn you, de Sade!  You know as well as I do that this was the act of a mentally sick man - a single individual, whose crack-up can probably be traced to the strains and tensions caused by your country.
Yes?
The report is entirely untrue.  I can assure you of that.
That's preposterous!  We have no such program!
Mister Ambassador, what on earth possessed your country to build this weapon?
Where is this...thing?
I'll hold this, if you don't mind.  You can have it back when you leave.
What's the meaning of this?
Did you get that, Kulnick?
At his office in the Capitol.
Yes, of course.
Don't be ridiculous.
Now, Mister Ambassador.  In a very few moments we should have Premier Belch on the phone.  I intend to tell him exactly what has happened.  I merely want you to authenticate certain facts for him.
Moffo!
Certainly - how about some breakfast?
All right, Mister Ambassador!  But you must treat General "Buck" Schmuck with the respect due him.
Please be calm, Ambassador De Sade.
I'm afraid I'll have to ask you to take the film out.
Buck, when I told you to give them right up to the top, you said we couldn't insult a general officer by asking him to pass a test to see if he's a psycho.
Damn it!  Damn it!  I've been telling you all for years you've got too damned many psychoes in the service.
You aren't sure!
May I be stupid enough to inquire WHY IN HELL THE BASE COMMANDER OF THE 843d BOMB WING DID A THING LIKE THAT ???
General Schmuck?
What kind of trouble?
I want him upped to Brigadier General, and recomended for the D.S.C.
What do you suppose is going to happen if General Ripper's planes start bombing their targets?
You see, you knew the answer all the time, General.
Under the circumstances, General, what would you think they should do?
That's a very wise deduction, General.
I am aware of what a condition red alert implies.
Yes?
You've lied to me twice - I'm sorry, but it will be strictly routine.  These men are experts.
General, stick to the point, please.
Is there any chance a single aircraft can penetrate the entire enemy Air Defense, when its course and target are known?
What's the target.
Have you tried the recall again?
Yes?
How do you know they were shot down, Buck?
Hello, are you still there?...Uh-huh...I'll be right back.  We're still working this thing out.
Look, he's there, and you're here.
He says they've only shot down three planes.
General Schmuck, are you positive of your figures?
General Faceman, what was the name of the officer who called me from Burpelson?
How many planes did we lose?
How long will it take to receive them all?
Have you received acknowledgements from every plane?
Knock it off will you, General?  Crudley, find out what's holding up that call!
That's the idea, General Schmuck.  Zlat!
Admiral Buldike?
I want to talk to General Ripper.
Then there's no chance for recall?
How could you let this happen, General Schmuck?
How soon until the enemy finds out what's going on?
And I suppose you're going to tell me you don't know what the three-letter code is.
Why can't you cancel it?
What the hell is Plan-R?
And I suppose there's some reason why you haven't recalled them?
Well, what about the Positive Control, the safety catch?  Don't the planes automatically come back unless they get a second order?
I presume the planes are armed?
But, look here, Von Klutz.  Won't this nucleus of survivors be so shocked, grief-stricken, and anguished that they will envy the dead, and indeed, not wish to go on living?
But who would be chosen?
But they couldn't come out for a hundred years!
At the bottom of mines?
