They do not!
I hope so.
Let's go.
Okay -- you're gonna need to learn how to lie.
I'm kidding.  You know how sometimes you just become this "persona"?  And you don't know how to quit?
Like my fear of wearing pastels?
What good stuff?
Me.  This endless ...blonde babble. I'm like, boring myself.
do you listen to this crap?
Then Guillermo says, "If you go any lighter, you're gonna look like an extra on 90210."
But
Well, no...
I was?
Tons
You know Chastity?
Hi.
Who knows?  All I've ever heard her say is that she'd dip before dating a guy that smokes.
Lesbian?  No. I found a picture of Jared Leto in one of her drawers, so I'm pretty sure she's not harboring same-sex tendencies.
I really, really, really wanna go, but I can't.  Not unless my sister goes.
Eber's Deep Conditioner every two days. And I never, ever use a blowdryer without the diffuser attachment.
You're sweet.
I counted on you to help my cause. You and that thug are obviously failing. Aren't we ever going on our date?
Where?
How is our little Find the Wench A Date plan progressing?
Forget French.
I don't want to know how to say that though.  I want to know useful things. Like where the good stores are.  How much does champagne cost?  Stuff like Chat.  I have never in my life had to point out my head to someone.
C'esc ma tete. This is my head
Gosh, if only we could find Kat a boyfriend...
Unsolved mystery.  She used to be really popular when she started high school, then it was just like she got sick of it or something.
The thing is, Cameron -- I'm at the mercy of a particularly hideous breed of loser.  My sister.  I can't date until she does.
No, no, it's my fault -- we didn't have a proper introduction ---
You're asking me out.  That's so cute. What's your name again?
Not the hacking and gagging and spitting part.  Please.
Can we make this quick?  Roxanne Korrine and Andrew Barrett are having an incredibly horrendous public break- up on the quad.  Again.
I did.
I have to be home in twenty minutes.
Sometimes I wonder if the guys we're supposed to want to go out with are the ones we actually want to go out with, you know?
Combination.  I don't know -- I thought he'd be different.  More of a gentleman...
He practically proposed when he found out we had the same dermatologist. I mean. Dr. Bonchowski is great an all, but he's not exactly relevant party conversation.
Would you mind getting me a drink, Cameron?
Joey.
Where did he go?  He was just here.
You might wanna think about it
Did you change your hair?
You know the deal.  I can ' t go if Kat doesn't go --
Hi, Joey.
Neat...
Queen Harry?
Hopefully.
Expensive?
Patrick -- is that- a.
Is that woman a complete fruit-loop or is it just me?
No! I just wanted
I just wanted --
Let go!
You looked beautiful last night, you know.
I guess I'll never know, will I?
God, you're just like him! Just keep me locked away in the dark, so I can't experience anything for myself
I'm not stupid enough to repeat your mistakes.
No. you didn't!  If you really thought I could make my own decisions, you would've let me go out with him instead of helping Daddy hold me hostage.
Why didn't you tell me?
But
You did what?
As in...
But you hate Joey
Why?
What?
I wish I had that luxury. I'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and I can't go, because you won ' t.
Like you care.
I don't get you.  You act like you're too good for any of this, and then you go totally apeshit when you get here.
I really don't think I need any social advice from you right now.
You are so completely unbalanced.
Yeah, he's your freak friend Mandella's boyfriend.  I guess since I'm not allowed to go out, I should obsess over a dead guy, too.
Like I'm supposed to know what that even means.
Can't you forget for just one night that you're completely wretched?
Bogey Lowenstein's party is normal, but you're too busy listening to Bitches Who Need Prozac to know that.
You're ruining my life'  Because you won't be normal, I can't be normal.
I think you're a freak.  I think you do this to torture me.  And I think you suck.
Oh, I thought you might have a date  I don't know why I'm bothering to ask, but are you going to Bogey Lowenstein's party Saturday night?
Oh my God, does this mean you're becoming normal?
Can you at least start wearing a bra?
Nowhere... Hi, Daddy.
I have a date, Daddy.  And he ' s not a captain of oppression like some men we know.
Fine.  I see that I'm a prisoner in my own house.  I'm not a daughter. I'm a possession!
He's not a "hot rod".  Whatever that is.
No, but
Daddy, I want to discuss the prom with you. It's tomorrow night --
Why?
Daddy, no!
It's just a party. Daddy.
Daddy, people expect me to be there!
It's just a party. Daddy, but I knew you'd forbid me to go since "Gloria Steinem" over there isn't going --
If you must know, we were attempting to go to a small study group of friends.
Daddy, I --
But she doesn't want to date.
But it's not fair -- she's a mutant, Daddy!
What if she never starts dating?
Now don't get upset. Daddy, but there's this boy... and I think he might ask...
