Best case scenario, you're back on the payroll for awhile.
Buttholus extremus.  But hey, you're making progress.
Extremely unfortunate maneuver.
You told me that part already.
Assail your ears for one night.
He's pretty!
Dead at forty-one.
It's a lung cancer issue
Are you kidding?  He'll piss himself with joy.  He's the ultimate kiss ass.
In that case, we'll need to make it a school-wide blow out.
Like we had a choice?  Besides -- when you let the enemy think he's orchestrating the battle, you're in a position of power. We let him pretend he's calling the shots, and while he's busy setting up the plan, you have time to woo Bianca.
Hey -- I've gotta have a few clients when I get to Wall Street.
You know, if you do go out with Bianca, you'd be set.  You'd outrank everyone. Strictly A-list.  With me by your side.
Did she actually say she'd go out with you?
I'm serious, man, he's whacked.  He sold his own liver on the black market so he could buy new speakers.
No kidding.  He's a criminal.  I heard he lit a state trooper on fire.  He just got out of Alcatraz...
What makes you think he'll do it?
You wanna go out with him?
Unlikely, but even so, she still can't go out with you.  So what's the point?
The mewling, rampalian wretch herself.
Yeah, just a minor encounter with the shrew.
You could consecrate with her, my friend.
Guess who just signed up for a tutor?
You know French?
Joey Dorsey?  Perma-shit-grin.  I wish I could say he's a moron, but he's number twelve in the class.  And a model.  Mostly regional stuff, but he's rumored to have a big tube sock ad coming out.
Because they're bred to.  Their mothers liked guys like that, and their grandmothers before them. Their gene pool is rarely diluted.
I could start with your haircut, but it doesn't matter.  She's not allowed to date until her older sister does.  And that's an impossibility.
Bianca Stratford.  Sophomore. Don't even think about it
You burn, you pine, you perish?
Yeah, but these guys have never seen a horse.  They just jack off to Clint Eastwood.
Couple thousand. Most of them evil
Get out!
How many people were in your old school?
I was kidding. People actually live there?
So -- which Dakota you from?
C'mon.  I'm supposed to give you the tour.
You the new guy?
Hey -- it's all for the higher good right?
What?  We took bathes together when we were kids.
Uh,  yeah.  We're old friend*
So what you need to do is recruit a guy who'll go out with her.  Someone who's up for the job.
But she can't go out with you because her sister is this insane head case and no one will go out with her. right?
Well, actually, I thought I'd run an idea by you.  You know, just to see if you're interested.
Nope - just came by to chat
Hey.
Kat a fan, too?
Macbeth, right?
Oh yeah.
Cool pictures.  You a fan?
Hey there.  Tired of breathing?
Sweet love, renew thy force!
So you got cozy with she who stings?
I prefer to think of it simply as an alternative to what the law allows.
Ever been to Club Skunk?
Just for now.
Good enough.
We're your guys.
Patrick, Pat, you're not looking at the big picture.  Joey's just a pawn. We set this whole thing up so Cameron can get the girl.
That's where we can help you.  With Kat.
I think I speak correctly when I say that Cameron's love is pure.  Purer than say -- Joey Dorsey's.
The situation is, my man Cameron here has a major jones for Bianca Stratford.
What?
