Cordon off the area. Something came through.
If he's here, this is worse than I thought.
Karl Ruprecht Kroenen, one of the Reich's top Scientists. Head of the Thule Occult Society.
I have seen ghosts, Whitman.
"Paranormal"  But -- you read the transmission.
Ruins. Not rocks. The remains of Trondham Abbey. Built on an intersection of Ley Lines, the boundaries between our world and the other --
I abhor violence.  Sergeant Whitman, I hope you don't think me mad --
Amongst other things, yes -- but that's hardly the point.
In private, if you don't mind...
Sgt. Whitman!! Sgt. Whitman!! May I have a word??
This is an important mission, Sgt. Whitman. I hope you realize that.
I think that is its hand.
No. It was red. Bright red.
Spiritual advisor to the Romanovs.  In 1916, at a dinner in his honor, he was poisoned, shot, stabbed, clubbed, drowned and castrated.
Grigory Yefimovich Rasputin --
There is a place -- a dark place where evil slumbers and awaits to return. From there it infects our dreams. Our thoughts. Grigory gave us a glance tonight --
No. It's not.
I know where to find him. I'll get him back.
He's just going through a phase --
Tom -- he's our guest, not a prisoner.
I thought you liked being on TV.
It's her choice --  She's human --
That's not how she feels. She may never feel it.
Don't look! Turn around.
Well, I won't be around forever, you know?
I worry about you.
Listen to me. This time is different. There's more at stake than ever before.
Son. About Rasputin --
A prison. The Vatican deemed its contents dangerous enough to include it on the List of Avignon. Of which we hold a copy.
Smuggled into this country by an overzealous curator. The statue, however, was hollow --
A 16th century statue was destroyed. Saint Dionysius the Aeropagite.
And as a father, I worry about him.  In medieval stories, Agent Myers, there's often a young knight, inexperienced but pure of heart...
You're doing fine.
Did he, now?
1958, the occult war finally ends when Adolf Hitler dies.
"In the absence of light, darkness prevails." For there are things that go bump in the night, Agent Myers.  We are the ones who bump back.
Impressive. Do you remember what it said?
As you entered the lobby there was an inscription --
Abe possesses a unique frontal lobe.  "Unique." That's a word you'll hear quite a bit around here.
The day Abraham Lincoln died. Hence "Abe" Sapien.
They took his name from this little inscription that was stuck on his tank.
