...Hello?
I'm plenty happy!
I'm happy enough.
Well, in connection with my job, sometimes I have to go undercover as it were --
It's hardly the same --
Well, maybe I --
Why on earth would they want a nitwit to be president?
That smart?!
So if you know everything about Hudsucker, tell me why the Board decided to make Norville Barnes president.
Yeah, yeah. Say, you won't tell anyone about me, will you?
But -- who are you -- what d'you do here?
Who are you? How did you know who I am?
Muncie!
Yeah, and I'll bet his initials are Sidney J. Mussburger!
But, Al, it's the bunk! Norville showed me his design for the whatsit the day I met him! Why Buzz couldn't have invented it -- look at the man -- he's an imbecile!
I know they're gonna buy that stock --
On Norville Barnes!
A sawbuck!
I'm tellin' ya, this guy's just the patsy and I'm gonna find out what for. There's a real story, Smitty, some kind of plot, a setup, a cabal, a -- oh, and say, did I tell ya?!
Yeah, I was all wet about your idea man... Well, thanks for being so generous... It is human, and you are divine... No, he's no faker. He's the 100% real McCoy beware-of- imitations genuine article: the guy is a real moron --
I'm telling you, Smitty, the board of Hudsucker is up to something --
Lumbago.
And is this guy from chumpsville?! I pulled the old mother routine --
Well that just about does it! I've seen Norville Barnes, the young man in a big hurry, and I've seen Norville Barnes the self-important heel, but I've never seen Norville Barnes the quitter, and I don't like it!
Just give me another chance, Norville -- I can help you fight this thing. I know this last story was a lie! We can prove it! We can --
Norville, I'm sorry, I... I tried to tell you... so many times... It's hard to admit when you've been wrong. If you could just... find it in your heart to -- to give me another chance --
Oh Norville, I --
Norville!
Consider this my resignation --
Shutup! -- after all! You haven't talked to me for a week and now I'm going to say my piece. I've got a prediction for you, Norville Barnes: I predict that since you've decided to dedicate yourself to greed and sloth and everything bad, you're going to lose all the good things that your good ideas brought you. You're going to throw them all away chasing after money and ease and the respect of a Board that wouldn't give you the time of day if you... if you...
Shutup! -- but then I figured out you were a swell guy, a little slow maybe, but a swell guy! Well, maybe you're not so slow, but you're not so swell either and it looks like you're an imbecile after --
Shutup! -- and don't think I haven't noticed how you've changed. I used to think you were a swell guy -- well, to be honest I thought you were an imbecile --
...I've been watching you, Norville Barnes, even though you've been trying to avoid me --
You're awful kind to yourself, Norville Barnes -- the fact is you've slowed down, sitting up here like a sultan, not doing a lick of work! Why you know it's ideas that are the lifeblood of industry and you haven't come up with one since the hoop and the reason's plain to see! You've forgotten what made your ideas exciting for you in the first place -- it wasn't for the fame and the wealth and the mindless adulation of -- would you get out of here?!
Your i --
You mean you know about this?
They're going to discharge eight percent of the work force here at Hudsucker. Why, in New York alone that means eighteen hundred people out of work, people with wives and children and families --
...You know what those nincompoops in the boardroom are doing?
Never mind about that...
For Pete's sake, Norville!
Sure, Norville, sure...
Oh, Norville --
Yeah, I think I've heard of that. What goes around comes around.
I wish it were that simple, Norville. I wish I was still a gazelle, and you were an antelope or an ibex.
Norville, there really is something I have to tell you --
Oh, I don't know. Maybe I was just a fast-talking career gal who thought she was one of the boys --
What a beautiful thought.
...The people look like ants.
Well -- this year -- if it's good I plan to make it a tradition. Uh, my it certainly is beautiful --
Yes, you can get carrot juice or Italian coffee, and the people there -- well, none of them quite fit in. You'd love it -- why don't you come there with me -- they're having a marathon poetry reading on New Year's Eve. I go every year.
Uh -- Yes. Seventeen. Yes, I -- well no, I -- I never really... There's a place I go now, the cutest little place near my apartment in Greenwich Village. It's called Ann's 440. It's a beatnik bar.
Oh yes! In Muncie!
...Huh?
...Certain people are --
Norville, you can't trust people here like you did in Muncie...
I believe in you, Norville -- At least I believe in your... intentions --
...You do?
Norville... there's something I have to tell you. You see, I'm not really a secretary.
...I'm sorry.
Let me hold it, or you'll have a real shiner.
Let me look.
...What happened?
Maybe she puts her work ahead of her personal appearance.
Smitty.
Oh, is that it!
I'm quite sure I don't know what you mean.
Confused?
Sure, but -- she could still have gotten your side for the record!
Well, I don't know; maybe she does deserve it. Maybe she should've come in to face you man to man.
...Why don't I just type this up...
Well, I --
I'm sure I --
Is that all, Mr. Barnes?
-- or lack thereof?
Well, I... didn't bother to read the article. I didn't think the picture did you justice.
Well, I just don't know how to thank you, Mr. Barnes --
Of course -- I went to the Muncie, uh, Secretarial Polytechnic!
Oh, no, really, I --
Why yes, do you know it?
-- these were the values that were instilled in me while I was growing up in a little town you've probably never heard of --
No thank you. Seek and ye shall find, work and ye shall prosper -- these were the watch words of my education, the ethics of my tender years --
A little naive perhaps but -- thank you -- armed with determination, a solid work ethic, and an indomitable belief in the future --
At any rate I arrived in town not ten days ago, full of dreams and aspirations, anxious to make my way in the world --
What a horrible little person.
I don't want to bore you with all the sordid details of my life; it's not a happy story...
The couch, please.
I'm sorry we had to take the stairs. It was just that horrible little elevator boy...
I filed it yesterday.
...On payday! The only story here is how this guy made a monkey out of you, Al.
Sez me! Amy Archer. Why is he an Idea Man -- because Hudsucker says he is? What're his ideas? Why won't they let anyone interview him?...
As a three-dollar bill.
I tell ya the guy's a phony.
You're fools, both of you! It's obvious they're out to crucify Norville! They're trying to destroy him!
Says who?!
You can't print that!
It's about a dimwitted editor who --
I've got an even hotter story -- The Sap from the City Desk.
Muncie.
I don't know...
Why not, it's all true! The board is using this poor guy! They're depressing the stock so they can buy it cheap!
