Sure, sure, we'd all be millionaires. There's no point in looking back. At the time, Stilson thought dumping our position would panic the market, further depress the stock -- then we'd buy it all back, and more of course, once it got cheap --
We dumped the whole load. Now quit showboating, Addison --
What am I a headshrinker? Maybe the man was unhappy.
Ah forget it, kid, ya don't have to explain to me. He's a little person. He's nothing. Like I say, ordinarily it would just be a nuisance. But it seems -- well, there was a spy in the company...
It's not important in itself -- some elevator boy you fired came to me claiming you'd stolen the idea for the, uh, the hoop dingus from him --
Mm. Ordinarily I wouldn't bother you with it, but -- this is embarrassing, kid -- it seems to concern you directly.
Sure, sure, it's a tough course. Well thanks for coming, kid. I thought the board room would be a swell place to chat undisturbed -- it seems we're having some security problems here at the Hud.
...Congratulations, kid, you've really outdone yourself. Reinvented the wheel. I'm going to recommend to the Board that we proceed immediately with this, uh... with the, uh... that the dingus be mass-produced with all deliberate speed. Of course, as president of the company the ultimate decision is yours.
Finally.
Damnit, where's my car!
I do remember and I was impressed. Anyway, that's all forgotten now. Driver!
Relax, Norville. It's only natural in a period of transition for the more nervous element to run for cover.
Lobby. We haven't got all day.
My God! The Bumstead contracts!
Up on your feet! We don't crawl at Hudsucker Industries!
Not that way! Through the door!
Why you nitwit. You almost destroyed the most sensitive deal of my career!
You nitwit! I worked for three years on this deal!
My God! The Bumstead contracts!!
Get out of my sight.
Get your feet off that desk.
You're fired.
Not even behind your back?
...'Shnook'? 'Dope'? 'Dipstick'? 'Lamebrain'?
Sure, sure. And did your classmates there call you 'jerk' or...  ...'schmoe'?
Hmmm.
All right, but you didn't excel in your studies...?
...education, were you?
Wait a minute!
You, maybe you're the company's biggest moron. We can't use Morris, he's been with us too long, he's a nice guy, too many friends. Matter of fact, why don't you fire him. No -- scratch that; I'll fire him.  ...Make it fast, make it fast.
Tell him I'll be right there...  Well, what is it?
...Who let you in?
