Aww, what's the difference. I'm all washed up... When you're dead, ya stay dead... Hey, fella!
Hey! Where's that martini?!
Barman! Set'm up, fella!
...Oh, it's you! Lookin' for a nitwit to buy your lunch?!
Huh?!
...You son of a --
Now, Amy --
Worked in a watch factory?
Now, Aim --
Now, Aim --
Now, Aim --
We have to be realistic, Amy. You know things have slowed down a little here at Hudsucker --
Know about it? You think the Board would do anything like this without my authorization? No, this was my idea from the start.
Well yes, we're pruning away some of the dead wood, but if --
Well, I wouldn't call them nincom --
Oh! Hello, Amy -- was it -- I thought she said, Mamie --
Kiss me once, Amy! Kiss me once for luck!
That's it. A great wheel that gives us each what we deserve...
Well, can I at least call you deer? Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! Seriously, Amy, the whole thing is what your beatnik friends call 'karma' -- the great circle of life, death and rebirth.
That kind of person would come back as a wildebeest, or a warthog. No, I think it more likely that you were a gazelle, with long, graceful legs, gamboling through the underbrush. Perhaps we met once, a chance encounter in a forest glade. I must have been an antelope or an ibex. What times we must have had -- foraging together for sustenance, picking the grubs and burrs from one another's coats. Or perhaps we simply touched our horns briefly and went our separate ways...
Oh no, Amy, pardon me for saying so but I find that very farfetched.
What do you think you were in your previous life, Amy?
Well, the Hindus say -- and the beatniks also -- that in the next life some of us will come back as ants. Some will be butterflies. Others will be elephants or creatures of the sea.
Every year?
You don't say.
No! In Vidalia! Farm Route 17!
You know, on farm route 17.
Didja ever go to the top of old man Larson's feed tower and look out over the town?
Oh, I don't blame them, really. I guess I have sort of made a mess of things. These folks have to protect their investment. Most of them are very nice people --
I understand that you're not very skilled yet in the secretarial arts. I'm not that skilled as president. Oh sure, I put up a big front --  -- not that everyone's buying it.
I know that, Amy.
Oh, it isn't your fault, Amy. You're the one person who's been standing by me through all this.
Thanks. People seem to be pretty hot over this imbecile story.
Sid found me the icepack.
Oh. Nothing, really, just... the more timid investors are no longer running for cover.
I bet that's exactly what she tells herself! But you and I both know she's just a dried-up bitter old maid. Say, how about you and I grab a little dinner and a show after work? I was thinking maybe The King and I --
Exactly. And I bet she's ugly. Real ugly. Otherwise, why wouldn't they print her picture next to her byline?
Yeah, you know. Probably dresses in men's clothing, swaps drinks with the guys at the local watering hole, and hobnobs with some smooth talking heel in the newsroom named Biff or Smoocher or...
Yeah, you know. Suffers from one of these complexes they have nowadays. Seems pretty obvious, doesn't it? She's probably very unattractive and bitter about it.
Yeah, you know, probably one of these fast-talking career gals, thinks she's one of the boys. Probably is one of the boys, if you know what I mean.
Well, it's done now -- what's the use of grousing about it. Forget the letter, Amy, I just had to blow off some steam...
Well, she probably had a deadline...
Aww, naw, Amy, that won't be necessary. I shouldn't send it; she's just doing her job, I guess.
...You know! For kids!
Oh sure, you're biased -- you're a fellow Muncian. But would an imbecile come up with this?
Go on, tell the truth; I trust you and I put a lot of stock in your opinion.
...Well, you know me, Amy, at least better than that that dame does. Do you think I'm an imbecile?
-- these preposterous inventions, would be better suited to the pages of Amazing Tales Magazine. If the editors of the Manhattan Argus see fit to publish the rantings of a disordered mind, perhaps they will see fit to publish this letter! But I doubt it. I most seriously doubt it. As I doubt also that you could find a home at Amazing Tales, a periodical which I have enjoyed for many years. Yours sincerely, et cetera.
The picture was fine! It's what that knuckle-headed dame wrote underneath! Of all the irresponsible... Amy, take this down: Dear Miss Archer. I call you 'Miss' because you seem to have 'missed' the boat completely on this one! How on earth would you know whether I'm an imbecile when you don't even have the guts to come in here and interview me man to man! No, change 'guts' to 'courage.' No, make it 'common decency.' These wild speculations about my intelligence --
...Did you happen to see the front page of today's Manhattan Argus?
Please! Norville!
-- A Muncie girl! Can you beat that!
Oh, of all the foolish... Listen, do you take shorthand? Are you familiar with the mimeograph machine?
Don't bother to thank me, it's the easiest thing in the world. Matter of fact, I know where a vacancy just came up.
...A Muncie girl! Talk about the cat's pyjamas! Tell you what, Amy. I'm gonna cancel the rest of my appointments this afternoon and get you a job here at the Hud.
You're from Muncie?!
Mind if I join you?
Cigarette?
I myself --
Oh, Buzz is pretty harmless, really --
Hungry, anyway.
Not at all. You're light as a feather.
How long've you been down here?
So ya see, I won't be in the mailroom long.
For instance, take a look at this sweet baby...
I got big ideas, though!
Ya know, entry level!
Just got hired today!
I want a martini! On this bar, right now! I've had a martini in every bar on the way down here, and I'm not about to --
What kind of bar is it if ya can't get a martini?!
I thought you served misfits here!
I want a martini! It's New Year's Eve and I want a Martini!
But Buzz --
But, Buzz, you know I never --
But, Buzz --
Absolutely, Buzz, I'm glad he --
...It is?
...You don't?
-- Uh... Buzz, I'm sorry, I -- Buzz, you gotta forgive me! I shouldn't a fired you, I didn't know what I was doing! I was a little funny in the head, I --
Buzz... off! Ha-ha-ha-ha!
We don't crawl at Hudsucker Industries! Get out of my office! Leave your uniform in the locker room!
Get up!
And don't call me buddy! Out of here! Out!
Fired! You're fired! Is that plain enough for you, buster!
An example must be made!
-- I can't have every deadbeat on the Hudsucker payroll pestering me with their idiotic brainwaves!
And what do you mean barging in here and taking up my valuable time! I've got a company to run here --
...say, the hula hoop such a success.
Nobody wants a hare-brained product like this! Ya see, Buzz, it lacks the creative spark, the unalloyed genius that made, uh...
This is the most idiotic thing I've ever seen in my life!
...Why, this is worthless.
Oh, uh... Buzz... Is it important?
Roast tom turkey. Gee, I'm hungry too --
Well, I --
I --
Forty-fourth floor, and it's very --
'...But Sid, let me urge you to work closely with the new president, and to keep giving Hudsucker Industries all your energies -- but not your soul. For while we must strive for success, we must not worship it. Long live the Hud. Waring Hudsucker...'
'...And so, Sid, the future does not belong to such as I -- nor even you. We have made our compromises with time. The future belongs to the young, who may more energetically wage the battle against corruption. Accordingly, in the spirit of hope, and the ringing in of the new, I hereby bequeath my entire interest in the company, and my seat on the board, to whomever is Hudsucker's most recent employee at the time of my demise. I know this will disappoint you -- you, Sid, who have served so diligently and for so long. But --'
'Many years, uh... I know that you will be wondering why I have decided to move on, ending my tenure at Hudsucker, and here on Earth. You will be thinking, Why now, when things are going so well? Granted, from the standpoint of our balance sheet and financials, sure, sure, we're doing fine. However, Sid. These things have long since ceased to give me pleasure. I look at myself now and no longer see the idealistic young man who started this company. Now I see only an empty shell whom others call a 'success.' How has this come to pass? When and why did I trade all of my hopes, dreams and aspirations, for the emptiness of power and wealth? What the heck have I done?
'From the desk of Waring Hudsucker. To. Sidney J. Mussburger. Regarding. My demise. Dear Sid. By the time you read this, I will have joined the organization upstairs -- an exciting new beginning. I will retain fond memories of the many years you and I -- '
Yes sir...
Sir?
Yessir.
Geez, I --
Oh, geez.
Huh? Oh, geez, Mr. Hudsucker, I apologize, there was an awful lot of excitement and I guess I must've mislaid --
Yes sir...
Norville.
But look, I'm president of the company now and I --
...Well, I'm not sure where I --
Good afternoon to ya, this is Norville Barnes --
...This'll only take a moment.
You have a charming wife, Mr. Muss -- uh, Sid.
I haven't had --
That must have been quite a disappointment, Mrs. Mussburger.
Huh?! He -- no, I -- he's just -- maybe I was a little rough on the boy, ya see I --
How's that, Sid?
Ya don't say.
Sorry I'm late, Sid. That back nine at Riverdale is really murder.
Well... I'm for it...
-- So if you think it's appropriate, I'd like to bounce the idea off a few people at lunch --
-- But there's such an enormous potential profit-wise given the demographics -- baby boom -- discretionary income in the burgeoning middle class --
Thank you, Sid, but the reason I mention it is, it would require such a small capital investment -- again, you're the expert here --
...You don't happen to remember the plan I outlined to you the day I set fire to your off -- uh, the day I was promoted?
Okay, Sid. Like I said, you're the expert, but --
That reminds me, Mr. Mu... uh, Sid. I never did give you that--
Oh my God, sir!
Sir, my leg is on fire!
But, sir!
Oh my God, sir!
Oh my God, sir!
Oh my God, sir!
But --
But, sir! --
Sir! They voted me most likely to succeed!
No, sir.
At the Muncie College of Business Administration.
Well, I made the dean's list.
Well, I'm a college graduate --
...You know, for kids! Which is perfect for Hudsucker -- not that I claim to be any great genius; like they say, inspiration is 99 percent perspiration, and in my case I'd say it's at least twice that, but I gotta tell ya, Mr. Mussburger, sir, this sweet baby --
You --
I --
I --
