One-handed!
Yo, hit the lights.
I want it to have my children!
Do you think he could hack a Gibson?
His parents missed Woodstock and he's been making up for it since. Hey, you hear about Joey's bust?
You're psyched. You need to lay off of that shit.
Cereal, man, you owe me a pack.
Ain't no way, man, security's too tight. The big iron?
Look, you wanna be elite? You gotta do a righteous hack. None of this accidental shit.
What are you, stoned or stupid? You don't hack a bank across state lines from your house, you'll get nailed by the FBI. Where are your brains, in your ass? Don't you know anything?
Meet Cereal Killer. As in Froot Loops? But he does know things.
Due to Mr. Gill's untimely demise and everything, I guess you two will have to improvise the next round.
Dead?
Yo. Check this out guys, this is insanely great, it's got a 28.8 BPS modem!
Nope. His mom said he's grounded for his next three lifetimes.  He isn't to consort with his computer friends.  The secret service is really out to get him.  Hey there's a big party tonight, you wanna go?
No, don't know who he is.  Do you?
That's it, you're looking at it, he just looks slick all day.
Curtis.
Joey, a garbage file holds miscellaneous data. Junk. Bits of stuff that's been erased, man.
Big deal. A garbage file's got shit in it, Joey, come on.
Yo, what's up?
Alright, what are the three most commonly used passwords?
D'you bring those Crayola books?
You're hopeless, man, utterly hopeless.
You know, you're right about that.  Check it, Friday.
One more "dude" out of you and I'm gonna slap the shit outa you, okay? Now I'm trying to save you from yourself but you gotta stop letting your mama dress you, man! : Check it...
Joey, Joey...
Yeah! You better figure out what's on that disc, cause we're being framed. It's in that place where I put that thing that time?
I'm freaking! Joey wasn't making it up! He really hacked into Ellingson! He gave me the disc with a file he copied and now I'm in jail! They're charging me with some serious shit! And there's stuff I didn't even do, like inserting some virus called Da Vinci, and they keep asking about you guys.
Hey, it's me.
Any questions?
Relax, Burn, he's my guest.
I'm sorry, we're sorry, just checking out your fly laptop!
Thank you.
555-4202.
Hello, operator? I'm having trouble dialing a number.
Nonono, thank YOU!
