This is the end, my friend.  Thank you for calling!
Give it up! Just give it up.
Game's over. Last chance to get out of this without a prison sentence.  You're not good enough to beat me, you little shit.
Hey, don't worry, kid. If she's innocent, she'll be fine. Your mommy's safe now, okay?
Talk to me.
Kid, don't threaten me. There are worse things than death and, uh, I can do all of them!
What can I tell you. Computers never lie, kid. Your mom will be arrested at work, she'll be handcuffed, and later, strip searched.
Lauren Murphy is now a wanted felon in the state of Washington. Forgery, Embezzlement, two drug convictions, plus she jumped parole. When she's arrested, she will not have a trial, she will not pass go, she will go directly to jail. Then I change this file back to the original, and your mom disappears.
Turn on your laptop. Set it to receive a file.
The girl. The girl has the disc I need.
Thank you!
I'm fine.  Oh, and Dade, try to stay out of trouble, okay?
Watch which friends you do play with. A record like yours could land you in jail, get you kicked out of school, no colleges would take you. No future. Exiled from everyone and everything you love.
I'm the one who understands you. Now, can we be allies?
Loser.  I can't believe you were only eleven when you wrote this. It's quite an impressive virus. Dade, I know how you might feel about narking on your friends, but, we're hackers. For us, there's no such thing as family and friends. We're each our own country, with temporary allies and enemies. I'd like to make a treaty with you.
What's going on? Let go of me! Stewardess! I'll never fly this airline again!
Good.
Hello?
Gill.
Must have been hell, huh? Zero Cool?  A virus has been planted in the Ellingson Mineral computer system. You were our prime suspect, till we trashed your stuff and found no trace of it.
Gill.
No. He's either very smart or very stupid.
Die, dickweeds!
Run anti-virus. Give me a systems display!
Let's echo 23, see what's up.
Never fear. I is here.
As in what, you hapless techno-weenie?
My name is the Plague.
Send a Flu-shot.
Nothing, it's just a minor glitch.
No one believes the guilty. Besides, by the time they realize the truth, we'll be long gone with all of our money.
Yeah. To civilians. But they're hackers. But don't worry. All we have to do is launch the Da Vinci virus, and then they'll all be put away.
Not everything. But enough to implicate us.
So, we get the mother, we get the boy.
From here I got access to every piece of data ever stored on Dade Murphy's parents. His parents separated five years ago, reconciled two years later, filed for divorce last year, custody battle, boy chose to go with his mother. Hmm.
The FBI computer holds files on twenty million Americans.  I just hacked into it.
I disguised myself as an Alabama State Trooper and penetrated the FBI NCIC.
Sh, sh sh sh sh.
Basically, uhmm, yeah. Mmm hmmm.
Relax. Think about the 25 million dollars.
I created Mister da Vinci so we could call in the Secret Service. So they'd arrest the hacker, sieze his equipment, things that we can't do on our own.
I had to move fast. The hacker copied my garbage file.
Well luckily, you have a gifted and talented security officer. I traced the hacker's call. The secret service picked him up this morning. I'll just search his files for the original virus code, and then I can eliminate it.
The little boat flipped over. A virus planted in the Gibson computer system claimed responsibility.
Yesterday, the ballast program for a supertanker training model mistakenly thought the vessel was empty, and flooded its tanks.
A hacker planted the virus.
Someone didn't bother reading my carefully prepared memo on commonly used passwords. Now, as I so meticulously pointed out, the for most used passwords are love,  sex, secret and...  ...God. So would your holiness care to change her password?
Once again, don't call me Eugene.  A recent unknown intruder penetrated, using a superuser acount, giving him access to our whole system.
