Did I say it was a natural death?
For starters I'd like to know why she left the house and didn't report the death?
I just wanted to introduce myself and inform Miss Lawson that there will be an inquiry.
Then you can go.
How?
What about the will?
So she knew about his heart?
What did he say about Miss Lawson?
Thank you, Doctor McCurdy.  Your witness.
What would be the effect if someone secretly administered cocaine to Mr. Marsh and then induced him to make love?
-- And if he were in the midst of making love while under the influence of cocaine?
Dr. McCurdy, what would cocaine do to someone in Mr. Marsh's condition?
Your Honor, the State enters this evidence as exhibit A.  Were any fingerprints found on the bottle?
Is this the bottle that was found on the nightstand?
Then how did it get into his body?
So, Mr. Marsh used cocaine?
What induced it?
Was the heart attack the result of natural causes?
What was Mr. Marsh's physical condition prior to his death?
Doctor McCurdy, what was the cause of death?
Can we put Rebecca Lawson at the scene?
Any prints on the nasal spray?
What can we prove?
What are you saying, Henry?  That his girlfriend fucked him to death?
But there's more?
The official cause?
What'd he die of?
Cause?
Your witness.
Did you ever see Mr. Marsh use cocaine?
Could you be more specific?
What was the nature of the argument?
Did they argue the day before he died?
What did they argue about?
Did Miss Lawson and Mr. Marsh ever argue?
Mrs. Crawford, you were Mr. Marsh's maid for nine years?
Objection, Your Honor.
No questions.
Did Miss Lawson ever give you any indication why she was leaving?
He was away on an extended vacation and just returned two days ago.
Your Honor, Mr. Roston is an ex-lover of Miss Lawson's.
You get his statement?
Objection!  May I remind Mr. Dulaney that the person on trial here is Miss Lawson -- not Dr. Paley.
Objection!  Mr. Roston's sexual preferences are not at issue in this trial.
Objection!
Your Honor, Mr. Roston lived with the defendant for many months.  I feel that his opinion is valid in substantiating the character of the Miss Lawson.
The State's investigation just uncovered Mr. Roston yesterday afternoon in Chicago.
Her.  It's an obvious move.  I'm building a case against her, remember?
Really?  What does an attorney speak to his client about at her house until three o'clock in the morning?
I'm talking to you as a friend now. Don't ruin your life, your career for her.  She'll spit you out when this is over.
What's happening to you, Frank? You're acting like you're on trial here.  This has become personal to you.
Hey -- the bell's sounded.  It's between rounds.
Your Honor -- please!
Objection, Your Honor.  The fact that Mrs. Crawford heard Mr. Troxell reconstruct her sentence and decided to rephrase her words in a more intelligent manner for the court doesn't mean the incident never happened.
Your Honor, I fail to see what Mrs Crawford's educational background has to do with this case.
Objection.  Your Honor, we don't know where this tape is from.  Who made it -- or under what circumstances it was made.
Aren't they all?
Then she's not as smart as I thought she was.  You've seen her in the depositions.  Tell me you don't have any doubts?
We're going all the way on this one, Frank.  Tell your client she has until the prelim to cop a plea for murder two -- fifteen to twenty five.
The M.E.'s report stated that Marsh's nasal membranes showed no sign of prior cocaine use.  Without the nasal spray we would have still treated it as a poisoning.  We would have looked for motive and the trail would have still led back to her.
Because she's clever.  Because she knows that even if we didn't find it we'd have suspicions as to why a man in Marsh's condition would use cocaine.
She planned this.  She wanted us to find the nasal spray.
Take your pole out of the water, Frank.  The fish ain't biting today.
Marsh left her close to three million dollars in his will.  That's motive. She admits to being there the night of his death.  That's opportunity -- and her fingerprints are on the nasal spray bottle.
Sit down, Frank.
Mr. Marsh's Cardiologist and his nurse have told us that you accompanied Mr. Marsh to their office on at least two occasions.
Were you aware of Mr. Marsh's heart condition?
Did you use it the night Marsh died?
Miss Lawson, do you use cocaine?
What did Mr. Marsh say?
Did you talk about Miss Lawson?
How did he look?
Did you see Mr. Marsh the day before his death?
Tell the court about that, please.
What about Miss Lawson?
Did you ever see Mr. Marsh use Cocaine?
How long were you Mr Marsh's personal secretary?
Thank you.
You wouldn't know her address, would you?
Her name?
Do you know who Mr. Marsh was with?
Why did you come by?
Miss Braslow -- I'm District Attorney John Cardenas.  You arrived at what time tonight?
Show me.
She was here?
Who found him?
Is it Marsh?
Just one last question.  What does the sign on your office door say?
Did Miss Lawson ever accompany Mr. Marsh to your office?
He did everything he could to take care of his heart?
Did Mr. Marsh change his lifestyle after that?
Doctor Trammel, when did you first diagnose that Mr. Marsh had heart disease?
Thank you.  The State rests.
Who was your primary beneficiary?
Did you change your will while you were with Miss Lawson?
What happened after that?
If you knew it was bad for you why did you do it?
What did she do next, Mr. Roston?
Mr. Roston I know this is difficult for you, but it's important you tell the court what she did.
What did she say?
What would she do that made it hard to resist?
Can you give the court an example?
When you say your sexual relations with Miss Lawson were intense what exactly do you mean?
Why do you think she left you?
Why did she say she was leaving?
Why not?
How did your relationship with Miss Lawson progress after the surgery?
And how are you now?
What happened next?
What kind of condition are you referring to?
I know this is a very personal subject, but could you be a little more specific?
How would you describe your sex life with Miss Lawson?
How long were you together?
Mr. Roston, what was your relationship with Miss Lawson?
-- And what did you suggest?
What did she say?
Did you suggest any?
What kind of information?
Why?
What eventually happened to your relationship with Miss Lawson?
Did you ever see her again after that?
Where did you meet Miss Lawson?
