You did a good job, Charlie.
I don't know.
Take some time off.
Under the law a person cannot profit from their own wrong doing.  Since Rebecca Lawson is the sole beneficiary of the new will, if she is found guilty the will is void and Joanne Braslow could make a very good case to have the old will reinstated.
Here it is!  According to the old will Joanne Braslow was to inherit two hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
Joe Koehler.  I know him.  He's an estate attorney -- and he's very expensive.
Charlie -- are you going to make a point soon?
You got something on the Coke?
Why?
So, what good is it to us if it's been erased?
You got something on the coke?
You've got to get me something I can use, Charlie.
I want you to hit all the dealers in town.  Give them a list of people close to Marsh and see if any of them use.  Then I want you to check out a Doctor Alan Paley.  He lives up in Roseburg.
We have to find out who else would profit from Marsh's death -- and who knew enough about his personal life to know that putting cocaine in the nasal spray would be fatal.
It could've happened to anyone.
Fine, Charlie.  You familiar with the Marsh case?
Can I go?
Your Honor, I'm trying to establish a pattern in Dr. Paley's behavior with women.
Your Honor, I'm trying to establish the sense of betrayal Miss Lawson felt when she discovered the man she lived with was a different person than she thought he was.
I'll rephrase the question.  Mr. Roston isn't it true you are bisexual?
The opinion of a scorned lover is hardly an objective view.
Objection.  The question calls for a conclusion on the part of the witness.
Your Honor, I don't see a Mr. Roston listed as a prosecution witness.
You've been following me?
You don't know what you're talking about.
That's ridiculous.
Back off, John.
I didn't hear it.
I've got work to do.
I'm just curious to see if Mr. Troxell reconstructed anything else.
I was just about to make my point, Your Honor.
Your Honor, this is a tape from Miss Lawson's answering machine.  I would like to play it now.
Yeah.  Well -- we'll let the blindfolded lady with the scales decide that.
She's innocent.
I'll tell her but she won't take it.
I don't buy it and neither will a jury.
Suspicions maybe -- but suspicions aren't enough for a conviction.
Why would she want that?
C'mon -- think about it.  If she was going to kill Marsh why leave the nasal spray bottle there for the police to find?
You're bluffing.  John, it's me, remember?  I've known you since your name was Juan Carlos.
Can you?
You can't show intent.
Lookin' to make the papers, John?
No.  Miss Lawson came in here voluntarily to answer your questions. She doesn't have to sit here and be insulted.  So, either you charge her now or we're leaving.
That's it.  My client doesn't have to take this crap from you.
I mean she only screwed me two or three times a night because she had to -- I'm sure she didn't enjoy it.
I'm sure that every orgasm she had with me was faked.
Don't you see what she's doing?  She needs you to kill me.  She's planned it that way from the start.  That's why she phoned me tonight.
That's all Dr. Paley.
No further questions.
I suggest it never happened.
You're still angry, aren't you? Isn't it true that your whole story is nothing more than a vindictive attempt on your behalf to get back at Miss Lawson?
You'll be sorry?
And after that didn't you continuously harass Miss Lawson?
And the argument was about the fact that you wanted to be romantically involved and she did not.
If necessary I can bring in the valet parking attendant and two customers who witnessed the occurrence.
You didn't grab her and try to kiss her?
Isn't it true that later that night you tried to force yourself on Miss Lawson in the parking lot?
Dr. Paley, where were you the last time you saw Miss Lawson?
Then you have no way of knowing what Mr. Marsh told Miss Lawson were the reasons for his visits?
Did Miss Lawson ever accompany Mr. Marsh inside during his examinations?
Did Mr. Marsh ever tell you that he had spoken to Miss Lawson about his illness?
Dr. Trammel, did you ever speak to Miss Lawson about Mr. Marsh's condition?
One last question, Doctor.  If someone didn't know better, would it be easy to mistake the peony root for cocaine?
A previous witness stated that she saw Miss Lawson pouring a white powder into her hand on October twenty-eighth.  According to your records when did you prescribe the drug?
How do you instruct your patients to take it?
Would you describe for the court what Chinese peony root looks like?
What did you prescribe for her?
Did you ever prescribe any medication for her cramps?
Why does she come to you?
--And is Miss Lawson a patient of yours?
Dr. Wong -- what type of medicine do you practice?
What else did the District Attorney's Office tell you to say?
Then -- those are not your own words?
High school?
Did you go to college, Mrs. Crawford?
What happened?
What happened next?
Do you remember his exact words?
What did he say?
How?
Did he make your life miserable?
-- And what did Dr. Paley do after you stopped seeing him?
Then what happened?
What was the nature of your relationship with Dr. Paley.
Where did you meet him?
Miss Sellers, do you know Dr. Alan Paley?
Then why did you go see Mr. Koehler in the first place?
You didn't know about it before that?
Why'd you come here?
What do you have in your purse?
You killed him -- didn't you, Joanne?
Then you would have gotten your money?
Because you were jealous.  Because he cut you out of the will.  Because you have a cocaine habit to feed -- because you know that if Rebecca Lawson is found guilty the new will is void -- and there's a very good chance the old one would be honored.
Isn't it true that you put the cocaine in the bottle?
Isn't it true that you stopped by the house after you left the drug store and dropped off the items you bought?
You see that's what bothers me.  No other bottle of nasal spray was found in the house.  The police looked. There was only the one bottle.  But you say you didn't arrive until after Mr. Marsh was dead -- yet we know he was using the nasal spray prior to his death.  How do you think it got there?
A.M -- or P.M.?
Would you read for us the time of the purchase?
There's an item you picked up that's marked.  Will you read it?
Well - I'm a little confused.  This is a charge receipt from Rosen's Drug Store where Mr. Marsh had an account.  It's dated the day of the murder.  Is this your signature?
Two hundred and fifty thousand dollars is a lot of money.  That must have made you pretty angry?
In his previous will Mr. Marsh left you two hundred and fifty thousand dollars -- then he cut you out.  Why do you think he did that?
--and that he changed his will?
--And that Mr. Marsh paid less attention to you?
And you resented that he cared for her in a way he once cared for you?
You resented the fact that she told you what to do in Mr. Marsh's house?
You don't like her because you were involved with Mr. Marsh before she came along.  Isn't that true?
You don't like Miss Lawson much do you?
You've tried it?  Isn't it true that you've been in and out of Rehab centers for the last four years?
Money isn't the only reason people commit murder, Miss Braslow.
It must have been horrible.  Having to go there -- seeing them together - - knowing he was sleeping with her in the same bed he did with you.
You're lying.  Marsh was wearing a cast on the tape.  It was right before he went to Chicago and met Miss Lawson.  He dumped you for her, didn't he?
I thought he was a kind, gentle man?
He video taped you.
Well, think about it.  Isn't it possible?
So, isn't it possible that he was confiding in you about the pain he was feeling about losing what might be his last chance for love?  That what he really was saying was that the uncertainty of her leaving was driving him crazy and if it didn't stop it was going to kill him.  That if she did leave his heart couldn't take it.
So, the woman he loved passionately was thinking about leaving.  That must cause tremendous anxiety. Sleepless nights.  Incredible stress.
Didn't Mr. Marsh also tell you that Miss Lawson felt bored here and was thinking about going back to Chicago for awhile?
Could you repeat the last part of what Mr. Marsh said to you the day before his death?
Do you remember the date when you saw Miss Lawson in the bathroom?
How do you know it was cocaine that Miss Lawson had in the bathroom?
How do you know that?
What about Miss Lawson?
Did Mr. Marsh use drugs?
How do you know what kind of sex they had?
If you don't know her that well what makes you think she's capable of murder?
I take it you don't like Miss Lawson very much?
You don't really believe what the district attorney is saying about Miss Lawson, do you?
What changed?
I'm not asking for names or specifics.  I just want to know what prompted you to make the call?
I need to ask you a question.  What made you get in touch with Joanne Braslow?
Hi, Joe.
No further questions.
Would it be fair to say that when she did find out it was a shock to her?
And she left shortly after that?
And didn't Miss Lawson come home one day and find you in bed with your male lover?
And your sexual tastes were something that you hid from Miss Lawson?
How's it supposed to work Rebecca? You and Paley celebrate your victory. You get me over here and provoke a fight so he has to rush in and save you -- but then he's given himself away as your accomplice -- now he has to kill me.  After that I figure she'll tell the Police that you broke in.  That you were crazed because we humiliated you in court?
She's right, Paley.  You've got to kill me.  She doesn't have to -- she's free -- she can't be tried again -- but you, you planned it with her.  You supplied the Coke.  You're an accessory to murder.
I'm not leaving without that tape.
That wasn't the deal.
You killed him.  You killed him -- and I got you off.
Hello?
You're a monster.
I'm dropping the case.
You don't need anybody.
You killed him -- didn't you?
He was only doing what he thought was right.
Rebecca -- we shattered a man's life in open court.
What's that for?
What are you going you doing?
Rebecca -- take these off.
Honey.
What does that mean?  You've been thinking about the case?  Or you thought everything out before you killed Marsh?
I'm glad you have such confidence in me.
Paley could be a problem tomorrow.
Can I see you later?
It's only the beginning.
Alone?
I called you all weekend.  Where were you?
Why would she lie?
No, I don't have to believe you.  The jury has to believe you and answers like he's lying or she's mistaken aren't going to convince them.
That's not good enough, Goddamit!
I just left Joanne Braslow.  She told me she saw you doing cocaine at Marsh's house!
You lied to me!
You take a lot for granted.
Is that what you think I was thinking?
What would?
I broke my ankle skating.  That ended that dream.
Yeah.
No -- I wanted to be a professional hockey player.
It's going to be hard to convince a jury that he's testifying against you in a murder trial because you blew him off.
Tell me about Doctor Paley?
It's okay.
Yeah.
Great.  I'll see you at the office at nine.
I just wanted to see if my secretary called to confirm your appointment tomorrow.
Hi.  It's Frank.
Nothing.
It's not my taste.
Oh -- Well, they're different.
I think the photographer's probably a voyeur.
No -- it just doesn't look right.
Because, I'm your attorney.  I shouldn't be going to your house.
This is your house.
Sure.  Where to?
Why didn't you live together?
-- And then?
How'd you meet Marsh?
If you had what you wanted at home why did you sneak into their yard?
Try.
Why not?
How?
As it pertains to you -- not me.  Did you always know you had different... tastes?
I think we're getting a little off the subject here.
We're not animals.
No pain, no gain?
Those same men will be sitting on the jury.
This is a very small town -- people here have very straight views on sex.
I want you to know right now that the trial's going to be nasty.  Your sex life is going to be dragged through the mud.  They're going to say that you enticed Marsh -- led him down a dark path.
I'll have you out in a few hours.
You still haven't answered my question.
You're assuming the District Attorney is going to file charges.
Not a very good one I'm afraid.
I don't know.  That's why I'm asking you.
There are no charges against you. I'm here to decide if I'm going to represent you should that occur.  Did you kill him?
Alright, I'll talk to her
Raymond, I'm the only criminal attorney you have.
Why?
I'm supposed to be on vacation.
Andrew Marsh was a very wealthy man. A trial like this is going to put Cardenas in the spot-light.
I know what day it is!  Get off the phone.
Because I'm expecting a call.
Michael -- get off the phone.
I love you.
Well, that's kind of how I am right now.
You know how it is sometimes when you're out playing ball with your friends?  How you're really concentrating on what you're doing -- and you lose track of time and you come home late and Mom yells at you?
Hey, you know better than that.  What did I teach you to say when someone is accused of doing something?
What are they saying?
I can back it up.
Your Honor -- the prosecution has introduced cocaine as one of the contributing reasons Mr. Marsh died. How it may have been introduced into the household is of vital importance.
How often do you use cocaine?
Mr. Roston?
Objection.  The witness has already stated that Miss Lawson left without an explanation.
But Your Honor--
No, Your Honor.
"Discourteous insinuations about his sexual abilities."  Who told you to say that?
Is this what you want -- huh?  Is it?
You think that's the answer?  Sex? Is that what you want?  You want me to make love to you?
It's more involved than that.
I don't know.
Please -- not now.
You wouldn't like what you'd see. You don't know me anymore.  I don't know me anymore.
I know.
I was thinking that when the trial is over we'd all go skiing for a weekend.
No.
I'm not.
Because I knew you'd think exactly what you're thinking.
Yes.
Working.  Charlie and I were going over some statements.
Sharon, it's late.  Can we get to the point?
What's wrong?
Yeah -- what are you doing up?
Yeah -- fine.  Excuse me.  I'll be right back.
Because I go to trial in seven weeks. I've got a lot of preparing to do.
I'll talk to him later.
I can think of worse ways to go--
Humped
Yeah -- but can she cook?
Attractive.  Bright.  Distant. Charming when she wants to be.
I don't know yet.  I want to hear what she says at her statement tomorrow.
He must have something or he wouldn't be pressing so hard.
Some example you set.
I know.  What can I do?  He is the boss.
Hello?... Hi Raymond.... What?... Well, I was sort of planning on... Alright... Okay, goodbye.  That was Sattler.  He thinks the D.A.'s going to file on Rebecca Lawson.  He wants me in the office tomorrow morning.
Can't it wait?
I'm always open to learning new things.
And I suppose you're going to show me how to relax?
Really?
I am relaxing.
