That's correct -- but Andrew never told me he had a heart condition.  He said he had a heart arrhythmia and it was nothing serious.
No.
No.  I haven't done it in years.
I have.
Don't listen to him.  Can't you see he's trying to turn you against me.
No -- he's lying.
Shoot him.
Don't push me, Frank.  I might lose my temper and send it out just for spite.
So, sue me.  Things have changed.  I think you should go home -- and after you leave I see no reason for us to ever have contact again.
I've been thinking about that.  I've decided to give it to you after I've collected the inheritance.  You can take that one if you want -- but there's another copy.
That's crazy.
Frank -- It's Rebecca.  I need to see you right away.  I've got the tape.
No -- I'm a survivor.
You can think whatever you want, Frank -- but I didn't kill Andrew, and I'm not going to prison for something I didn't do.
No -- you're not.
I do need you.  No matter what you think of me -- I didn't do it.
I knew you were thinking that.  I could see it in your eyes today in the courtroom.  You're wrong, Frank. I need you to believe that.
You're too weak, Frank.  When you want something you have to do what- ever it takes to get it.  If something gets in your way you remove it.
Fuck him!  He tried to shatter mine.
To celebrate how masterfully you destroyed Roston today.
Are you scared?
Tonight we open new doors.
Sugar or honey?
Don't worry about Paley.  He can't touch me.  No one can.  I've thought it all out.
I'm sure you'll be able to handle him.
Something wrong?
You can see me now.
You were brilliant today.
Of course.
I went out on the boat.
I don't know, Frank -- but don't you think that's something we should find out?
I don't use cocaine anymore.  If she says she saw me doing it she's lying.
It isn't true.  You have to believe me.
She's mistaken.
What?
There's nothing wrong in admitting that you want me, Frank.
No -- that's what I know you were thinking.
You and me -- making love.
Yes -- it would be nice.
It's hard to let go of a dream, isn't it?  To let go of what you want?
That seems so far away from who you are now.  What happened?
Really?
Did you always want to be a lawyer?
It won't be that hard.
I hardly know him.  He wanted me and he couldn't have me.
Sorry.
Andrew loved this old cabin.  He always dreamed about moving to Tahiti -- living in a hut and becoming a beach-bum.  I could never imagine myself doing that -- but somehow when he talked about it, he made it sound so alive - - so wonderful.  Soft ocean breezes and beautiful sunsets -- leaving the world and it's problems behind.  I wish he'd had a chance to do it.
No -- not at the office.  I've got a better idea.
Yes -- she did.
Hi, Frank.
Hello?
Not true.  Shall I tell you what you were thinking?  You were wondering if I was wearing anything under my skirt.
Tastes can change.
That's not an answer.
I'm the photographer.
What do you think?
Is it against the law?
Why not?
I know.
Can we get out of here?
We started talking.  In fact, we talked until four in the morning.  We discovered we shared a lot of the same interests.  After that we were together all the time until he left. He used to call me every night after he came back.  Then after a few weeks he invited me to come visit him. I've never left.
I was at a cocktail party.  Very trendy.  Andrew was in Chicago on business.  He had broken his wrist the week before and was wearing it in a sling.  He looked so helpless.
Because -- somehow the fruit always tasted that much sweeter because of the pain it took to get to it.
When I was growing up we had a strawberry patch in our backyard. So did this family down the road.  I used to sneak in their yard and steal their strawberries.  It wasn't easy. The stone walls were high and I'd scrape my knees as I climbed over. On the other side were wild rose bushes.  The thorns would dig into my legs and cut my thighs as I lowered myself down.
Because -- it's beyond intellect. It's emotion.  It's passion.  It has to be experienced -- it can't be imagined.
I don't know if it's something I can explain to you.
Yes.
I thought the subject was sex?
Something like that.
Have you ever seen animals make love, Mr. Dulaney?  They have such passion -- such savage emotion.  They struggle, and snarl, and claw, but neither hurts the other.  Not really.
I am who I am.  I can't deny it, anymore than you can deny who you are.  I like sex different -- I like it wild.  That's not a crime.  I loved Andrew.  We made love together.  We made it differently, but we still made love.  It was our way.  It was private -- and now the whole world wants to look in through the pretense of justice.  If I was some middle-aged divorcee who screwed him once a week do you think this would be happening to me?
I'm used to being on the outside looking in.  The same men who will publicly profess their moral outrage for my sexual tastes are the same ones who privately rest their sweaty little hands on my legs and talk about weekend trips together.
Andrew hardly needed leading.  He was a very passionate man.  He was eager to explore.  I gave him what he wanted.  We fulfilled each others needs.
Frank!
He'll file.  He's an ambitious man. Ambitious men build their careers on the bodies of others.
And that's exactly what the jury will see when they look at me.  That's why I need a very good lawyer, Mr. Dulaney.
You must have some feeling.  Some immediate impression.  A young, attractive woman, involved with an older man who leaves her everything in his will.  And the things that went on in that house.  Such wild sex.  What kind of picture does that paint?
Do you think I did it?
Are you going to represent me?
It didn't get there from me.
No -- never.
Six thirty -- and he was very much alive.
Yes.
I didn't know that Andrew was dead until Mr. Sattler called me at home that night.
