She was.
Yes.
I woke up the next morning and she was gone.
I couldn't help myself.  You get lost inside a women like her.  It was like a drug.  It was the best sex I ever had.
She started touching herself and telling me how much she wanted me. She reached down and put me inside her.  My doctor had warned me about exerting myself -- but you really don't think of those things at a moment like that.  You just think about how beautiful this woman is -- how much you want her.  How deeply you want to please her.  At first it started off slowly -- but the rhythm built and built.    Every time I got close to an orgasm she would stop.  Eventually I started to have trouble breathing.  Rebecca just kept going -- faster and faster.  No matter what I said she wouldn't stop. I really thought for a moment I was going to die.
She said she was going to fuck me like I've never been fucked before.
She told me that tonight we were going to open new doors.  I asked her to stop -- to take off the handcuffs, but she wouldn't listen.
She's a woman who is very much aware of her own sexuality.  Sometimes I felt she could read my mind.  It was uncanny how she knew exactly what I wanted.  A few nights before my heart surgery Rebecca woke me.  She had handcuffed me to the bed.
It's hard to resist a woman as beautiful as she is.
It was like sex was a game to her. She got off on the control.  She always used to tell me it had to be her way.
It was like she was trying to push me as far as she could.  She called it opening new doors.
Well -- I think that after the operation she realized that...
She didn't.  She just left.
She left me.
It didn't.
Fine.  The doctors say if I keep taking care of myself I can live to be a very old man.
I had bypass surgery.
I had a bad heart.
It was wild.  She was constantly trying to get me more and more worked up -- kinky things.  I tried to satisfy her the best I could, but it was difficult in my condition.
Intense.
For about one year.
We were lovers.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
