Now that you bring it up, yes. They were different men. I hadn't really thought that much about it. Since many psychiatric opinions are, by a rule, sought out for this kind of situation. What do you think normally happens? The Knoxs are assigned a family psychologist that takes care of them throughout the rest of their lives? The state doesn't work like that.
Using the same doctors is not common practice.
The prison board and the doctors who examined them.
What's changed, Mr. Gayle, is our minds. We felt they were competent a year ago. A year has passed, sir, a year where they were under close observation, day in and day out, and their behaviour has led us to believe we were wrong.
Well, since that time, they've killed one person during their trail. And since their incarceration, they've killed one psychologist along with several guards and inmates.
The prison board made the decision. A board of which I belong. We're the who. The why is simple. Mickey and Mallory are mentally ill and need to be under a doctor's care, where hopefully they'll receive the help they need.
Because they wouldn't give them their blessing for marriage.
Mickey's better half herself. Mallory Knox. This little lady drowned her father in a fish tank.
You write the script Jack, call it, 'Showdown in Mojave: The extermination of Mickey and Mallory', whatever... Have we found our man?
You're a breathing icon of justice and that's why you were chosen to deliver Mr. and Mrs. Knox. We, the prison board we, knows that once you get them on the road if anything should happen, an escape attempt, an accident, fire, anything...Jack 'Supercop' Scagnetti would be there to look out for his public's best interests.
You're a celebrated cop. Twenty-six years on the force, a best-seller out on paperback...
The public loves you Jack...You don't mind if I call you Jack, do you?
You've heard of it?
So can we. So the solution to our little problem is we had them deemed crazy. And we're shippin' 'em to Nystrom Asylum for the criminally insane.
Look, our situation in a nutshell is, no prison wants 'em, no prison will take 'em. I'm even talkin' hellholes, where the warden's as hard as a bar of iron. No one wants those fuckin' assholes behind their walls, dealin' with 'em day in, day out.
Five inmates, eight guards and one psychiatrist all in one year's time... Very good. You do keep up with the headlines.
Susanville, Soledade.
You been followin' the news coverage?
Dewight McClusky of the California Prison Board. Take a seat please.
Congratulations on the Curtis Fox case, Scagnetti. You put an end to a nightmare. The ladies of this city can get to sleep again, and they have you to thank.
