Thank you. Grace, there is one other thing...
That means his hands are considered a weapon like a gun or a knife. Am I correct on that point?
Point of fact, weren't Tim's hands registered as lethal weapons?
So, I think it would be safe to say that anybody who studied the fighting style that Bruce Lee, arguably the greatest martial artist of all times, developed for nine years, that would be a fella who could defend himself. Would you describe Tim that way, Grace?
Now, while I freely admit total ignorance on the subject, I have heard of Bruce Lee. And I was under the impression that Bruce Lee was one of the, if not <u>the</u> greatest fighter in the history of martial arts.
Jeet Kune Do...Now I did some research on that form of fighting, and I found out that Jeet Kune Do was a style developed by Bruce Lee. Did you know that?
Is that a fact? Well then, Grace, could you tell us what form of martial arts it was that Tim was schooled in?
What was the color of Tim's belt?
When you study the martial arts, they give out belts that come in different colors to signify what level you're at in your training. Am I correct on that point?
More or less...
No, but that don't mean much. I was a completely different person ten years ago. Let's give key lime a day in court. And a large glass of milk.
I haven't had a key lime pie in ten years.
Which do you recommend?
What kind of pies do you have?
I said we'd give you an interview. I never said we wouldn't kill you.
Divine intervention.
We still got a few tricks up our sleeves.
Don't stop!
By all means, knock yourself out.
You got something you want to do?
Now, when we get out there, you do what we say or it's curtains. If we say move, you move. If we say left, you move left. If we say right, you move right. If we say mole, you dig a hole. Got it?
Grace. I'd like to talk to you about your murdered brother Tim, if you feel up to it.
Okay, Wayne, step forward.
You're taking us to that holding cell now.  All right, Cut!
Okay, buddy boy, where ya keepin' Mallory? I know she's still here, and I know you know where. So, start talking or my first work as a director will be your death scene.
Did you ever see 'Eldorado?'
Or what? You'll wound me? I can blow you in half and you know it.
Looks like we got a Mexican standoff.
...one night I was asleep, and a noise wakes me up. I thought, 'Oh shit, somebody's broken in.' I didn't own a gun, so I go into the living room with a fucking umbrella. Okay, it turned out to be nothing. God made the noise. Who knows?
Wagons, hooaaa!
You ready, Donut?
Even better. Wayne call your station, tell 'em we're going live a little early today. Make it happen!
Do you have a back up.
How is it?
You guys stay on your bellies.
Tough titty, it's mine now.
There's a chocolate cream filled in there?
What?
Oh my God!  Sorry.
How come you never talk?
Let's make a little music, Colorada.
We are.  Your camera.
Just save your breath, Wayne. We hate you. If anybody in the fuckin' world deserves to die, it's you.
No. Not really.
I said I'd give you a interview. Now unless I'm mistaken, we just did a interview.  We did an interview, didn't we?
C'mon, c'mon, let's hurry this up.
We ain't got all fuckin' day!
Say it. Scream it. All the way out the front door and into your van. And if you stop screaming, I swear to God I'll blow your head off.
...'Winner of the Golden Globe and the Edward R. Murrow award among others.' Tell 'em the name of your personal lawyer, his firm, his address, and phone number. Tell 'em about the mayor and the unemployment lines. You getting the idea?
'Respected journalist'-- On your knees...
'Every week by forty million people. I am a respected journalist.' Have you won any awards?
That's what I thought. You tell them that. When we go down those stairs, I want you to scream what you just told me. 'My name is Wayne Gayle! I am the star of American Maniacs watched every week by'-- how many people?
Probably not, but we're gonna give it the old college try.
No.
Let me have the keys.
Where's it parked?
Okay, we're going out that door, and we're gonna march down the hall and right out of the building.  Donut said something about a news van.
Scott's dead. And unless you wanna play follow the leader, shut up and do as you're told.
Donut, get your camera. See if it's broke.
Now, I'm no comedian, but it's pretty funny. It's a Little Johnny joke. Now in the joke, Little Johnny can't talk. And Little Johnny's teenage sister asks her mother if she can go out on a date.
You guys wanna hear a joke I heard?
I could go for a Coke.
Everybody thought I'd gone crazy. The cops, my mom, everybody. But you see, they all missed the point of the story. I wasn't crazy. But when I was holding the shotgun, it all became clear. I realized for the first time my one true calling in life. I'm a natural born killer.
When have they ever been right?
Says who?
That's indescribable.
Describe Mallory? Okay. She's pretty, she's got blonde hair, two eyes, two feet, two hands, ten fingers...
I'm sure we will.
It's not that easy, Wayne. Donuts and a smoke only get you so far. You're gonna have to do your job.
You'll never understand. Me and you, Wayne, we're not even the same species. I used to be you...then I evolved. From where you're standing, you're a man. From where I'm standing, you're a ape. I'm here...I'm right here... and you...you're somewhere else, man. You say why? I say why not?
That's only part of it. I mean, it's a big, big, big part. But it's only the chorus, it's not the whole song.
Was an instant of purity worth a lifetime lie? Yeah, it was.
Do you think up these questions or the girl with no tongue?
Was what worth it?
Of course, I miss Mallory. She's my wife. I haven't seen her in a long time. What a stupid question.
What I did for fun for starters.  Well, something I used to do...always was a lot of fun...  No, scratch that. Let me think of something else. In fact, why don't we come back to that question. Ask me something else.
Much obliged. What do I do for fun? Do you want to know what I do for fun or what I did for fun?
Aside from the obvious?
Let's do it.
Don't worry about it.
Let's discuss it when I'm unbound.
Okay now, before we get started here, there's a few things we have to get clear about.
I'm keen with anticipation.
She sings? What does she sing?
She doesn't talk?
Have you talked to Mallory about this?
Yeah, it's pretty hard to beat the king.
How 'bout Manson?
Good...yuppie piece of shit.
How 'bout Ted Bundy? Ever do one on him?
Whose ratings were higher?
Did you ever do one on Wayne Gacy?
Everybody knows who you are. You're famous.
