How do you intend to disappear? you're probably the most famous couple in America.
Try to keep it to a minimum.
Did you have anything to do with the riot in the laundry room?
What did you think then?
Mallory, what did you think of Mickey's plan? Did you think it would work?
I take it by your answer it was a whole new team?
Were any of the doctors who made the first evaluation on the Knoxs mental state asked to re-examine them?
Who is we?
When they were found competent before, they had already killed fifty people. Other than the fact they're a disciplinary problem, which frankly shouldn't surprise anyone, I still don't see where this situation is any different then it was before. So, I ask you again, Mr. McClusky, what's changed?
Mickey and Mallory were deemed competent in a mental examination before their trial. I'm confused. What's changed?
Why are Mickey and Mallory being moved to an asylum? And who made the decision?
NO!!!
Wait! You can't kill me. Mickey and Mallory always leave somebody alive to tell the tale.
Don't touch those triggers! Please. I think I've already proven that a live Wayne Gayle is much more better that a dead...Way-- Gayle. I was your passport out of jail, not Duncan Homolka. But me! I'll be your passport outta---
...developed between the three of us. We're kindda in this together, don't ya think?
Just wait one fucking minute.
So, what now?
Without any further ado, Mickey and Mallory...
Got it.
Yes.
Are you kidding? The Golden Globe, The Edward R. Murrow award...
On average forty million.
We'll all be killed.
This is crazy. You can't escape like this.
Mickey, can I talk to you alone?
Out front.
Yeah, we have a van.
Let me check on Scott. He's hurt bad.
Sure.
Could I get a Coke for Mickey?
Okay, let's cut it.
Says the United States of America.
Well, riddle me this, Batman. How do you feel about the fact that you're never gonna see Mallory again?
Don't play dumb with me, Mickey. You know what I mean. Describe Mallory.  What's up here?  What's in here?
Describe Mallory.
Okay...okay...I'll buy that. We'll move on and come back later.
Tell me about the purity.
You just said an instant of purity was preferrable to a lifetime lie. I don't understand. What's so pure about forty-eight dead bodies?
Please explain to me, Mickey, where's the purity that you couldn't live without in five year old Danny Millhouse's blown off head? Where's the purity in forty-eight people who are no longer on this planet because they met you and Mallory? What's so fucking pure about that?
Excuse me, did you say an instant of purity? What was the instant of purity? The bodies you left behind on your bloody trail?
No, Mickey, I can't let you get away with that shit. Answer the question. Was it worth it? You haven't seen, heard, or smelled Mallory in a year. Was it worth it?
Was massacring all those people worth being separated from your wife for the rest of your life?
Then was it worth it?
Do you miss Mallory?
What? Oh, aaahhh, what you did for fun for starters.
So, Mickey, tell us what you do for fun.
We're about ready to go here. Are you ready?
Sorry about that.
All right, Mickey.
Mickey, how do you feel about cross- examining Grace Mulberry?
Songs. 'He's A Rebel', 'Leader Of The Pack', 'Town Without Pity', that Dusty Springfield song 'I Only Want To Be With You'. That's what I hear anyway. Her behaviour was the main thing the doctors' report used against you. So even if she would see me, which she won't, I couldn't put her on camera anyway. If I ask her, 'Mallory, are you insane?' And she starts singing 'Dead Skunk In The Middle Of The Road', that blows our whole case.
Not to anybody. She sings.
She won't even see me, Mickey. Now you're not supposed to know anything about what's going on with her, but I'm gonna tell ya somethin'. Since you two've been sentenced, Mallory hasn't spoken one word.
My problem Mickey, is that you don't exactly inspire empathy. I'm all alone on this. I need your help. I want what the prison board is doing to be the focus of our follow up episode. Now I have interviews with chairman of the prison board Dewight McClusky about this issue. And I'm tellin' ya, Mickey, he looks bad. The two psychologists they used for their psychiatric kangaroo court won't talk to us, which always looks bad. I have an interview with both the judge of your trial, Bert Steinsma, and the psychologist and author, Emil Reinghold, both of which discount the notion that you're insane. You put that all together, and what the state is doing becomes obvious. But the network isn't satisfied. They feel the show needs another element. It needs you. In order to put the show on the air, I need to get an interview with you. You haven't talked to the press since your trial. Now, a few days before you get transferred to an asylum, you grant an interview on television with Wayne Gayle. We're talkin' a media event here. Every son of a bitch out the with a TV set's gonna tune in to see that. We'll make their motives so blatant, we'll shame 'em into dropping the whole thing. At least for a little while, the publicity would keep them from just giving you and Mallory lobotomies. Well, whatta ya say?
We've been waiting to do a follow up episode on you for a long time. And that time has definitely come.  I feel it's apparent to anyone who's hip to what's going on that the prison board has thrown the constitution straight out the fuckin' window. You and Mallory may be killers, but you're not insane. You belong in a prison, not in an asylum. The prison board is blatantly railroading you into a hospital for the sole purpose of turning you into vegetables. Now some people are saying, 'So what?' I am not one of those people. If we avert our eyes while they do this to you, we give them permission to do it again whenever they see fit. Today they wipe clean your mind because they feel your actions are dangerous, tomorrow they wipe clean my mind because they feel what I say is dangerous. Where does it all stop?
Manson beat you.
What I'd like to do---
Yes. Yours got the larger Nielson share.
Yours.
Yes.
The episode we did on Mickey and Mallory was one of our most popular ones.
Hello Mickey. We've never been introduced, but I'm Wayne Gayle. I don't know if you've ever heard of me or remember me. I was one of the reporters outside the courthouse during your trial---
And they made the first move?
Why can't they just shake hands and be friends?
How can you say that you 'admire' them?
Yes.
Yes.
Scotty?
Roger?
Roger, enough with the fucking donuts! What did I tell you. Stop bothering Mickey, and get behind your nagra.
Roger, I'm starting to get pissed. Just drop this fuckin' donut shit, and gather your gear.
Okay, guys, we're here. L.A. County Jail. Julie, just park in the front.
Roger, do you understand what the word 'no' means? It's important we establish a rapport. Something as simple as a dozen donuts can mean the world to somebody who hasn't had a donut in a year.
Roger, no.
Huh uh. This dozen is for Mickey.
You can't be serious?
I hear ya. Play.
Next week's episode.
Drink up! This is a celebration. This is the day we received word we were gonna make television history. We're gonna have the first sit down, in depth interview with the most charismatic serial killer ever, one day before he's being shipped to a mental hospital for the rest of his life. This is one of those golden moments that happens maybe only four times in a lucky journalist's career. This is Wallace with Noriega, this is Elton John confessing his bi-sexuality to the Rolling Stone, this is the tearful reporting of the Hindenberg disaster, this is Truffaut setting the record straight on Hitchcock, this is a Robert Capa photo, this is Woodward and Bernstien meeting Deep Throat in an underground parking lot, this is John Reid reporting 'The Ten Days That Shook The World', this is the hippies' bloody palms at Kent State, the Maysles brothers at Altamont, this is the Nixon/Frost interviews...
Super cool.  This is great stuff. How ya doin'?
Fucking dammit! Mickey hold onto that thought. Reload, quick!
Slate it.
How's it working, Scotty?
Good work, my brothers. Fan-fuckin'- tastic! I think that interview stuff's too long, we can lose some of that. Keep the girls, keep the long hairs, keep the Hun brothers, keep the black guy, keep the movie shit, and keep the cop at the donut shop. Lose the rest. And cut the interview with the prison board fellow before that. Cut it after I ask, 'I take it by your answer it was a whole new team.' Don't even let him answer. Fuck him. Then cut to me talking about the two chicken shit psychiatrists and straight in Dr. Reinghold laughing.
Okay, boys, let's have it.
Tomorrow.
So Unruly Julie's comin' with me and planning the interview.  You two go down to the editing bay, take the old footage and the new footage, put it together, and see what we got. Get it into shape so when we finish the interview, we can just stick it in.
Are you kidding? The last thing they expected was Mickey Knox to get up close and personal. They wanted a follow up episode and would've taken anything I had given them. I'm not gonna tell Mickey Knox that. I'm gonna make him think his grey matter depends on it. When I told Woody and the brass about this coup, they practically shit a brick. I'm talkin' an adobe brick. They want to expand the show to a hour, and they want it on immediately.
We got tonight and tomorrow to get our shit together. The day after that they're shippin' Mallory. That's when we do the Mickey Knox interview, 'cause the next day he goes.
But you'll never be whole again.
How so?
Why?
But how can you say that?
Could we go with you and film it?
Fine.  Julie, why don't you make a food run?  What's around here?
I didn't mean they were assholes. I mean if they're leaving, get 'em outta here.
Chill out, Phill. Four deputies and you, I can live with that. We're about ready to go here, so let's get rid of these other assholes.
Why don't we make it three deputies and you?
So we got a deal. Four deputies---
Three.
No, no, no, no, no, no, I mean only two guys.
Two guys?
Phil, I'm just scared he's gonna clam up on me with all these sheriffs all over the place. They hate him. He hates them. What kinda intimacy am I gonna create with all this hate in the air. Even you and I feel it.
We got one...two...three...four ...five...six...seven...eight. I mean Jesus Christ, Phil, that's too much. Let's lose some of these guys.
One...I can take care of myself. I grew up in a tough neighbourhood, and I've handled some pretty rough customers in my day. Mickey Knox doesn't scare me. Two...I'm a journalist, and I'm prepared to take that risk. Three...it ain't gonna happen. Believe me when I tell you, it is in Mickey Knox's own best interest to play this game according to Hoyle.  Wait a minute. We've gotten into a advisory relationship here, which is not what I want.  But seriously, Phil, look at this.
Don't recite the fact to me. I'm sure I know 'em better than you do.
Mr. Wurlitzer, I assure you, I am very familiar with Mickey Knox's career.
Lose 'em.
They got a asshole over here.  A asshole sitting down reading a magazine over there.  A asshole perched up there.  Assholes everywhere. Hey, maybe if we were doin' that kiss, kiss, bang, bang stuff we'd need all those assholes, too. What we're about is intimacy. We're about two people having a conversation. Say I was interviewing you. All I want you to worry about is what I ask you. I want a trust to develop. If you're thinking about all this...  ...you're not going to relax, a trust won't develop, we'll be talking a each other instead of to each other, there will be no chance for intimacy.
See what I mean? It's a funny business, isn't it?
Well...small world. Well, then, you know firsthand how Hollywood does things. Lights all over the place, generators, a hundred and fifty crew members---
Really?
Now, Phil, I don't know if you've ever been on a set before---
Just a little nickname. Yep, they're my kids and they're all I need. After working together these past coupla years, we're like well-oiled machinery. No, more like a Formula race car. No, scratch that one, too. What we're really like is a Swiss watch. Small, intricate, compact...it shouldn't work as well as it does, but it does. Because of the craftsmanship, the expertise, and the artist's loving hand.
Scott, genius cameraman, Roger, magician with sound. Unruly Julie, I could sooner do without my arm than Unruly Julie.
You met the kids I have working for me? Great bunch, aren't they?
Everything's coming along just fine. Phil, I wanted to know if I could have a small word with you.
That sounds great. Look, I don't want any of this to intimidate you. This is not going to be a big deal. This is going to be very easy.  I need to talk with Mr. Wurlitzer. You guys get your equipment ready, power up the van and confirm a transmission code for the remote. Julie come with me.
Same here. Let me introduce my crew. Scott...Roger...and Unruly Julie ...this is...I'm sorry. What's your title again?
