Jesus...
The entire wing?
Take a wild stab!
What do you think, Pitney? How much Explosives do you think that they really have in there?
Where do the air ducts lead?
I want two men stationed in that tier, and I want men with rifles all along the walkway.
I'm taking one of these men. Yates, come with me.
Jack, could you stay up here for a while?
Me, neither. I don't eat meat.
How 'bout Mallory?
They're real Goddamn good. They'll be there for when ya need 'em. Where are they?
I assigned you Bingham and Washington to go along.
Are you all set?
Two-thirty. Shhh...
What the hell happened to you?
Wayne Gayle.
We got his stinkin' ass in the deepest, darkest cell in the whole place. But it just so happens that right now he's got a special visitor.
Well, Mickey and Mallory can't be together. So, we'll put you on one of our prison busses and you'll take Mallory first, then you'll come back for Mickey.
Pleased to meet ya, Jack. I read your book. I'm impressed. Good work on Curtis Fox.
Stay up here and finish your interview, I've got to see what the hell's going on down there before I can take responsibility for you to film there.
I'm not running out and getting that piece of shit a Coke.
Don't call my men assholes.
Why don't I have Mickey thrown back into his cell and we can forget the whole thing?
And me.
I'll cut it in half. Four guys, but that's it.
I can't do that. Five guys.
Okay. I'll take two guys off.
What are we talking about?
Wayne, if it was anybody else---
Well, let me let you in on one more fact you obviously don't know. If I were to take my men away, Mickey Knox would snap your neck like a twig.
Since he and his wife have been in custody, they've killed---
Mr. Gayle, do you have the slightest idea how dangerous Knox is?
Well, just what the hell do you expect me to do?
It sure is.
Oh, that 'Dukes of Hazzard' show, there was probably ninety-five people there, maybe more.
I was on the 'Dukes of Hazzard' set about eight years ago.
Ya know, I was.
I see.
Is that her real name?
Oh yes, indeed. Top flight.
By all means.
How's everything coming, Mr. Gayle?
I'm the superintendent here at L.A. County Jail. Me and my deputies are who you'll be working with while you're here.
Hello, Mr. Gayle. I'm Phil Wurlitzer. We talked on the phone. It's a pleasure to meet you.
