If you was to let that money serve the Lord's purposes, He might feel kindly turned towards you.
Salvation is a last-minute business, boy.
The religion the Almighty and me worked out betwixt us.
That Sword has served me through many an evil time, Ben Harper.
I come not with Peace but with a Sword.
Think of it, Ben! With that cursed, bloodied gold!
With that ten thousand dollars I could build a Tabernacle that'd make the Wheeling Island Tabernacle look like a chicken-house!
You killed two men, Ben Harper.
You was quotin' Scripture. You said -- you said, "And a little child shall lead them."
No, Ben.
Ben, I'm a Man of God.
Thank you, no. Thank you, dear Icey. I'll tend to them. Thank you.
The devil wins sometimes!
I tried to save her.
She'd found this fruit jar of dandelion wine  that the husband -- Harper -- had hid somewheres in the cellar.  She was drinking.
She tarried around the kitchen after I'd gone up, and when I went downstairs to see what was wrong...
Ain't no sense in it, neither. I figured somethin' like this was brewin' when she went to bed last night.
The pitcher has went to the well once too often, my friends.
I burned it.  I tore it up and burned it -- it stank so strong of hellfire.
Satan.
My dear, dear friends! Whatever would I do without you!
She lieth in wait as for a prey. And increaseth the transgressors among men.
My, that fudge smells yummy!
I must wend my way down River on the Lord's work.
Come to me, boy!
You could save him, little bird.
Now: Where?
Now where, boy? Mind; no tricks. I can't abide liars.
Why sure, boy, sure.
You don't reckon I'd leave you.
Go ahead of me -- the both of you.
All right...  Come along.
All right boy: where's the money?
I thought I told you to keep your mouth shut --
Now! Where's it hid, honey?
The summer is young yet, little lad.  Pearl?
She thinks that money's in the river, but you and me, we know better, don't we, boy?
That wasn't very nice of you, John. Have a heart, boy.
Your mother says you tattled on me, boy. She says you told her that I asked you where that money was hid.
Come on, children!
What's that you're playing with, boy?
What's taking you so long about it?
What are you doing, boy?
Are we keeping secrets from each other, little lad?
Tell me what, boy?
-- and when we come back, we'll all be friends -- and share our fortunes together, John!
Married! We have decided to go to Sistersville tomorrow, and when we come back --
Did you hear what I said, son?
Why, he told me what fine little lambs you and your sister both was.
JOHN -- DOESN'T -- MATTER! Can't I get that through your head, you poor, silly, disgusting little wretch!
Just tell me now; where's the money hid?
Why, pray tell?
About our secrets.
Yes. But first of all we'll have a little talk.
Naturally.
Why, sure. And there's fried chicken and candied sweets and cornsticks and apple cobbler!
Where's the money hid? Tell me, you little wretch, or I'll tear your arm off!
Where's the money hid.
O no! Your turn!
Yes; John's bad.
You see? We can't have anything to do with John.  You and me will go down to the parlor.
Tst-tst! Then I reckon I'll have to try again! Where's the money hid?
What's your name?
Sure, that's no secret.
How old are you?
Now it's your turn.
I knowed your Daddy.  And do you know what your Daddy said to me? He said, "Tell my little girl Pearl there's to be no secrets between her and you."
I'll tell you a secret.
John's a feller who likes to keep secrets.
Ahh!
Ahhh.  And is there -- a doll?
What's their names?
There's two new ones over at your place, ain't there Ruby?
Why, you're the purtiest girl I've seen in all my wandering. Didn't nobody never tell you that, Ruby?
O' course.
Surely. I'd like to talk to you, my dear.
You're Ruby, ain't you, my child?
She'll not be back. I reckon I'd be safe in promisin' you that.
A scrawl. On a piece of notepaper on the bureau.
I reckon it's been ordained this way, Brother Spoon.
Do? Why stay and take care of them little kids. Maybe it was never meant for a woman like Willa to taint their young lives.
She turned me out of the bed.
Our honeymoon.
Yes; from the first night.
It is my shame -- my crown of thorns. And I must wear it bravely.
A strange woman is a narrow pit!
Answer me!
You were listening outside the parlor window.
Are you through praying?
It's the business of our marriage to mind those two you have now -- not to beget more.
Do you want more children, Willa?
Get up.
Get up, Willa.
I think it's time we got one thing perfectly clear, Willa. Marriage to me represents a blending of two spirits in the sight of Heaven.
You thought, Willa, that the moment you walked in that door I'd start in to pawing you in the abominable way men are supposed to do on their wedding night. Ain't that right, now?
I was praying.
Well, John, the night before your father died, he told me what he did with that money.
He don't mean no impudence; do you, boy?  Do you, boy? Ah, many's the time poor Brother Ben told me about these youngins.
None of your business, Madam.
Them kids!
Didn't you hear me, boy?
The Lord is merciful! What a day is this! -- And there's little John!
The Lord will provide.
Gracious, gracious! You are a good woman, Miz Cooper!
Heaven only knows what unholy sights and sounds those innocent little babes has heard in the dens of perdition where she dragged them!
Somewheres down river! Parkersburg, mebbe! -- Cincinnati! -- One of them Sodoms on the Ohio River.
She run off with a drummer one night. Durin' prayer-meetin'.
My flesh and blood!
It was with this left hand that old brother Cain struck the blow that laid his brother low --
Shall I tell ye the little story of Right-Hand-Left-Hand -- the tale of Good and Evil?
You're Miz Cooper, I take it.
Mornin', ladies.
