Talby, can you read me?
Talby, Talby, can you read me?
Rechannel all safety relays --
I read the same here.
He just likes it up in the dome, that's all.
Sounds good. Chart a course for the Veil Nebula.
So don't give me any of that sentient life crap. Find me something I can blow up.
Remember what we found? Fourteen light years for a fucking mindless vegetable that looked like a limp balloon and went squawk and let a fart when you touched it. Remember?
It's a goddamn wild goose chase. Remember when Commander Powell found that 99 plus probability of sentient life in the Magellanic Cloud?
Fuck that shit.
Find me something, I don't care where it is.
Well... now what? What do, you have for us now. Boiler?
Pinback, I have a computer reading of nine five seven seven.
You have no proof that it was correct data.
...you may be doing so on the basis of false data.
So if you detonate in...
That's all beside the point. The concepts are valid, wherever they originate.
Yes, of course you remember it, but what you are remembering is merely a series of electrical impulses which you now realize have no necessary connection with outside reality.
So you have no absolute proof that Sergeant Pinback ordered you to detonate.
Well then, you've already admitted that you have no real proof of the existence of the outside universe.
And you wouldn't want to explode on the basis of false data, would you?
And you can only do it once, right?
Now, bomb, consider this next question, very carefully. What is your one purpose in life?
Why don't you have more time?
That's it.
Exactly.
What I'm getting at is this: the only experience that is directly available to you is your sensory data. And this data is merely a stream of  electrical impulses which stimulate your computing center.
All right now, here's the big question: how do you know that the evidence your sensory apparatus reveals to you is correct?
Right!
That's good. Very good. Now then, how do you know that anything else exists?
Intuition is no proof. What concrete evidence do you have of your own existence?
But how do you know you exist?
Fine. Think about this one, then: how do you know you exist?
Are you willing to entertain a few concepts?
Hello, bomb, are you with me?
Bomb, this is Doolittle. You are not to detonate, repeat, you are not to detonate in the bomb bay. Disarm yourself. This is an order.
This is Lieutenant Doolittle calling Bomb #20. I repeat previous order, you are to disarm yourself and return immediately to the bomb bay. Do you understand?
Talby was in the air lock. You blew him out of the ship. I'm going after him. Turn on his helmet radio so I can contact him.
Hello, Pinback, are you there?
I'm coming in now. I'm down by the Emergency Air Lock. Too much trouble to come in the Ventral Lock. Would you blow the seal on the emergency hatch so I can come in?
-- Remark.
-- remove thrust drive repellant --
Ah, negative drop.
Who cares?
Out where?
I hereby name this star Fred.
Fred.
Commander Powell is dead.
Who cares. Don't bother me.
What?
Any of 'em any good?
Any planets?
Which one?
In a second.
Yes.
Your GHF reading is minus fifteen.
Pinback...
I'll check it.
Ah, what was that again, I still can't hear you?
Ah, what'd you say, Pinback?
I really liked you too, Talby. Hey, some debris from the ship! It's coming right by me.
Yeah?
No kidding?
Phoenix?
Oh yeah?
Guess you're right.
Looks like I'm headed for the planet, Talby. Going right toward it.
Bomb must have gone off inside the ship. Nothing we can do about it now. Hey, it looks like... the skipper. He made it. Commander Powell made it!
Here I am. I think I'm spinning... We're both falling, Talby, in opposite directions, away from each other. My -- my jetpack's gone.
Calm down, Talby. I'm coming.
Not now!
Sh, Talby, don't bother me now.
Sounds good, Talby. Let me know if anything important comes up.
Yes, Talby, what is it?
I wish I had my board with me now. Even if I could only polish it once in awhile.
Don't worry about it. We'll find out when it goes bad.
I guess I miss the waves and my board most of all.
Waves would be peaking really high and glassy. Hit that water. Ridin' the wall just perfect.
The waves at Malibu and Zuma were fantastic in the springs Talby. I can remember running out on the beach early spring mornings with my board and a wet suit...
I can't talk to the others, but with time to myself, I think about back home, back home at Malibu. I used to surf a lot, Talby. I used to be a great surfer.
It's funny, but I kind of sit around, you know, a lot of time to myself...
You know what I think about, Talby?
Phoenix Asteroids? Never heard of 'em.
You'll have plenty of time for that, you know. Figure it this way: twenty years in space and we've only aged three, so there'll be plenty of time to stare around...
...Should spend some time below, see more of the rest of the ship...
Must get lonely being up here so much.
You know, Talby, you really ought to eat with the rest of us. You spend too much time up here.
I need a diameter approximation.
TALBY!
Yeah, the skipper always was lucky.
Sir?
I already have, sir, and Pinback is talking to it now.
Sir?
We're running out of time, sir.
Commander? Are you still there?
What were you saying, Commander, about the bomb?
Sorry, sir, you faded out there for a minute.
Commander Powell? Commander, hello!
What should we do, sir? The time is running out.
That's correct, sir.
Negative effect.
Yes sir. Negative effect.
You don't understand, sir, we can't get the bomb to drop.
Well, sir, the Dodgers broke up, disbanded over thirteen years ago.
What's that, sir?
Commander, sir, we have a big problem. You see, the Veil Nebula bomb, Bomb Number 20, is stuck. It won't drop from the bomb bay. It refuses to listen and plans to detonate in --  -- less than eleven minutes.
Commander Powell, this is Doolittle. Ah, there's something serious come up, sir, and I have to ask you something.
