Before we get too far away, and our signals start to fade, I just wanted to tell you... you were my favorite. I really liked you, Doolittle.
I'm going into them, I'm going to hit them. Doolittle...
It is, Doolittle, it's the Phoenix! They glow with all the colors of the rainbow, just like everybody said.
Doolittle... I think it's the Phoenix Asteroids!
When you fall, Doolittle, if there's anyone down there on the planet, somebody may see you. They may see you coming down. What a beautiful way to die... as a falling star...
What happened, Doolittle?
Doolittle, Doolittle, where are you?
Doolittle! Help me.
Well, I'm in the Emergency Air Lock and --
Ah, well, I think I've found the malfunction, sir. I'm in the Emergency Air Lock...
Ah, Lieutenant Doolittle? Sir?
Sorry to interrupt your lunch, sir, but I'm in the Computer Room, and I think I've located the malfunction. The scanner shows it to be some sort of fault in the communications laser, down by the Emergency Air Lock. Can't pinpoint it exactly, but I'm going down there with a starsuit and try to find it.
Lieutenant Doolittle, this is Talby. Lieutenant?
I really think I should try and locate it immediately. Might be something important.
Ah, Doolittle, I do have a malfunction on this readout, but I can't seem to pinpoint exactly where it is.
...Somewhere in the autonomic relay circuits...
I can't seem to locate the malfunction exactly...
Lieutenant Doolittle, I'm getting a definite malfunction on one of the closed-circuit computer systems...
I think I'm getting a malfunction here somewhere.
I'm getting something here, on this readout...
They are a body of asteroids that make a complete circuit of the universe once every 12.3 trillion years. The Phoenix Asteroids... From what I've heard, Doolittle, they glow... glow with all the colors of the rainbow. Nobody knows why. They just glow as they drift around the universe. Imagine all the sights they've seen in the time they've been travelling -- the birth and death of stars, things we'll never see. The universe is alive, Doolittle. I thought it was all empty, but it isn't. In between the stars, it's seething with light and gasses and dust. There are little pebbles drifting around, planets no one on Earth has ever seen... No one but the Phoenix Asteroids...
You know, Doollttle, if we're going into the Veil Nebula, we may actually find a strange and beautiful thing: the Phoenix Asteroids. They should be passing through there about now...
...You see, I can watch things up here, Doolittle. I love to watch things, just stare at the planets and meteors and asteroids, gas clusters...
I don't like to go below since Commander Powell died. I feel enclosed down there. If it were big enough, I'd sleep up here...
I like it up here.
Okay, Doolittle, I'll have it in a minute.
Oh! Ah, yes, Doolittle. What is it?
