Yes.
Well, technically it's not mid evil - - it's Renaissance.
They appear to be authentic.
My name is Jennifer Hillman.  I'm an archaeologist.  I read in the paper about the murder yesterday and I thought I should come talk to you.
Lieutenant?
Lieutenant Bedsoe?
Paul.  I thought we agreed.  No press.
You guys are from the British museum, right?
Huge.
Electro magnetic soundings indicate we've only got a few inches of rock left before we reach the main chamber.
Sounds very -- normal.
What now?
Be careful, Conner.
He's in there!
Must you fight him?
Where will you go now?
And the other one -- he is like you?
You?
How did you know that?
On the back it has--
Would you like to see it?
Not unless they're immortal.
--for three hundred years.
Yes -- if they were trying to get in -- but what if they weren't?  What if they were trying to get out?
Why would someone pull on the rocks to get in the cavern?  They were wedged in tight.  They couldn't get a grip on them.  They would have had much more strength pushing on them.
Let me ask you something else.  At the excavation site in Scotland, the tunnel leading into the cavern had collapsed.  The day we found the body someone had moved the rocks, making a hole in the collapsed section.  What bothers me is that we found the rocks from the hole on our side of the tunnel wall.
Because I don't feel like sitting in a rubber room for forty-eight hours.
No.
--the Calan.  Do you know who they are?
Yes -- it is.
A little -- yes.  My interest in coming here is profession.
How come you wanted to meet tonight?
You're not an easy person to get to know.
I'm just trying to place you.
You have an interesting accent. Where are you from?
You didn't answer my question.
You're twenty minutes late.
Why?
Yes.
You look like you have.
Have you ever heard of the Calan?
It probably wouldn't interest you. It's something I read in a mythology book.
You talk to me -- but you don't answer my questions.  I guess I'll have to talk to Lieutenant Bedsoe.
Do you always walk around with a sword?
Then how did he know your name?
Who was that man last night?
Why do you stare at me like that?
Jennifer.
Then who's Russell Nash?
What's going on?  Why did he call you Macleod?
You're hurt.
It's mine.  It's been in my family for years.  It belonged to my great, great, great grandmother.
Why?  What's going on?
If it's good advice.
Why do I feel that you know what's going on?
Bullet proof vests don't bleed.
I don't think so -- but then, maybe you've can guess how a guy with a sword could rob the First national Bank this afternoon -- and get shot six times in the chest by the guard and still get up and walk out?
Yes.  How did you know?
Yes.  We found another man outside a site we were working at in Scotland.
To talk to you.
No.  I'm an archaeologist.
I was wondering if I could talk to you?
My name is Jennifer Hillman.  I was at the police station earlier today--
We'll see.
I like my work.
I know, Paul.
I was working on the cataloging.
And this?
I don't think it is a duplication.
His head.  Someone cut it off.
We found him this morning.
I don't know.
He's fine.  He swears he never left his post for a moment.  He heard a noise and when he went back to look they were already inside.
Someone broke into the cavern last night.
We're holding the workers down below.
Then we shouldn't break into the cavern until tomorrow morning.  This could be a very important find.  I want it documented.
Where is the film crew from the British Museum?
