Damn near. Now I'll sit up with this stupid gun in my lap because I promised, but you two are going to bed. Go on, now, scoot.
When me and sissy were kids, we were just like you two.
Can I tell you kids something?
Would you kids mind telling me how this guy Lowe became a werewolf to begin with?
Jesus.
Lowe's car-?
I don't accept the idea that he knows who his letter writer is, Jane. Because I don't accept the idea that there was a big bad wolf who saw Marty in his wheelchair.
Holy-jumped-up-baldheaded-Jesus-CHRIST!
Then I'd have to kick your ass, dear boy.  Go on, now.
I know what I said, Marty- but it's ten past one. He's not coming.
I suppose so. You kids ought to go up to bed.
Yeah. Really. The bitch of it is, we still are. Learn from your elders, dearies.
Dear boy, you have gone right out of your mind.
The kid is eleven years old and already he sounds like a Jesuit. A French Jesuit.
Marty, the moon wasn't even full!
You're not going to let it go, are you?
And what do you suggest I do about it, dear boy?
No.
It could have been anything, Marty.
No... but I found some blood, smeared on a tree trunk in that grove.
After Marty called me with his latest Thrilling Tale of Wonder, I did.  He's had no poison-pen complaints lodged at all.
Shut up, dear boy- no gloating allowed.
Well... it's a lot easier to swallow without the hair and the foaming jaws. Also, I checked on the otic solution. It was counter brand. No prescription needed.
When he was a werewolf. Yes. Right. Jesus. Jane, you don't really believe this madness, do you?
Do you really think that a man who took a rocket in the eye three nights ago could be out mowing his lawn? He'd either be in the hospital... or dead.
Marty, do you see your suspect?
Watch it, dear boy. I think it was a hallucination. Probably a broomstick, or something.
You want to know what I think?
I don't know. But I know you didn't see any werewolf the other night, Marty. You had a dream, that's all. An extremely realistic nightmare brought on by what's been happening in this town.
Marty, Marty, you should hear yourself!
What the hell does that matter?
I called Peltzer on my way over here, Marty! Father Lowe came into the drugstore two days ago for a bottle of otic solution. That's a fancy way of saying eyewash. He's got a corneal inflammation.
You're welcome a million, Marty. Stick 'em in the bushes for now.
A tracer. You'll like it.
Save this one for last.
One of the reasons I love you, Marty, is that you're almost as crazy as I am. Please don't set off anything that goes bang tonight, okay? Just bright colors. Can you tell the difference?
Stay near the house, for Christ's sake- someone's killing people. I have to be out of my mind to be doing this, you know.
Now I said I had something for you, as I believe you will recall.
Good.
I know you don't. But I want this to be our secret. You get that, don't you?
It goes fast, all right- and if your mother finds out just how fast, Marty, I will have a new job. Singing soprano with the Vienna Boys' Choir.
You gave me a heart attack, Marty. I'm dying. I hope you're happy, because you are looking at a dying man.
We're gonna find out. Take it down the road a ways and back. Be careful.
You got a pilot's license, Marty?
Wait, dear boy. Just wait. Hand me those pliars.
Yeah, Winesburg, Ohio, was never like that... but I got something that just might cheer you up.
Uh-huh. Only in her case I guess it would be Queen Shit of Turd Mountain. Hand me that adjustable.
Your mom's not around, is she?
But you are, you know- you are my dear boy.
I'll give you the telephone numbers of my ex-wives, dear boy- they'll be interested to hear that.
It's just an outward symbol of everything that's inwardly wrong in this town. Not bad, huh? I read Sherwood Anderson in college. I can jive that shit all day.
And the fireworks. Hand me that box, Marty.
A bunch of men getting ready to pretend they're Clint Eastwood... Marty, didn't anybody ever tell you that the only monsters are in comic books and drive-in movies?
Huh?
Well, I'm not sure that was. Christ! They better get the guy.
There's a saying- so-and-so was better than a poke in the eye with a sharp stick. You ever hear that one?
You all right, Marty?
Let the boy finish the game, Nan.
Piss on him. Piss on all the Red Sox.
Ralph Houk! You can't bet a manager! Stone the crows!
If you keep doing that, you're going to bump your head, sissy. Give my love to Mama- tell her I'll see her Thursday.
We won't!
-and Babcock, I remember. Now go on!
See me around to my car, Marty, and make sure I stay out of trouble at least that long.
I come here because Marty needs a friend.
