That's pretty cold, ain't it, lady?
What kind of drugs?
Do you use drugs, Ms. Tramell?
I like that.  "Suspension of Disbelief."
How's that?
It must really be somehtin' --makin' stuff up all the time.
You workin' on another book?
You have the right to an attorney.
Listen, lady, we can do this downtown if you --
He was murdered.
She said alone -- suite 405.  It ain't gonna take long.
Where the hell you goin'?
You got goddamn tweety-birds flutterin' around your head, that's what you got.  You think you're gonna fuck like minks, raise rugrats, and live happily ever after?  Oh, man.
Goddamn writers -- all they do is use up trees and ruin people's eyes.  There's gotta be somebody at Berkeley who knows what the hell happened.
She'd have to be nuttier than a twenty-pound Christmas fruitcake. She's not the one who hangs out with multiple murderers -- your girlfriend is.
How did she know Nilsen knew about it -- if it happened?
If she's telling  you the truth.
So Nilsen had a report on her -- so what.  You don't know what the hell was in it?
Which one you talkin' about now, son?  We know ole Hazel did it; we know young Roxy did it -- and the other one Well, hell, she's got that magna come lawdy pussy on her that done fried up your brain.
Ain't that hard, son.  This young farmgirl, she got tired of all that attention goin' to her little brothers -- she fixed 'em.  Just like 'ole Hazel Dobkins fixed her whole family -- except young Roxy here, she didn't use a wedding present.  She used Daddy's razor.
Why not?
You know that stuff they say about how you can judge people by their friends?
She's right.  You got an icepick in you yet?
You think I'd let you drive my Cadillac car?  I ain't lettin' no hear-up-his-ass person drive my Cadillac car.
In that little pissant car of yours? Hell, no.  I ain't gettin' no back pain disability retirement -- I'm gettin' me a full pension and a real gold-plate Seiko watch.
Maybe it wasn't her that paid him. Maybe the money was for somethin' else.  How the fuck do I know? I'm just an old city cowboy tryin' not to fall outta his saddle.
That's her pussy talkin' --He gets a real nasty look from a very fat woman eating a cheeseburger.  He winks at her.  The woman looks away from him, shaking her head.
Why the hell not?
I feel fine!
Say what?
What in the hell for?  You think I'm gettin' any at my age?  I don't like blue-haired women.  I don't like 'em.
I don't give a... flyin'... chili- bean... fart about AIDS!
You... fucked her!  Goddamn dumb sonofabitch... You fucked her! Goddamn, you are one dumb sonofabitch --
I went over last night, too.
Everybody that she plays with dies.
Forgive me for askin', son, and I don't mean to belabor the obvious, but why is it that you've got your head so far up your own ass?
Well, hell, son, it's got a certain ring to it, I'll say that.
I don't son, but I got the minority opinion.
Somethin', though.
What is it you got between you?
You sure got real conclusive ways of demonstrating that.
No, sir.  You won't.  There's smoke off yonder on the horizon.  They're gonna want your badge.
What's goin' down, son?
Hell yes!  Couldn't get it outta my head for years.  Still can't. Nice little kids -- nice husband, wasn't porkin' around -- no financial problems.  One day -- outta the clear blue sky -- she does 'em.  All of 'em.  Used a knife. He got for a wedding present. Didn't even deny it.  Sweet as honey.  Said she didn't know why she done it.
No, sir.  They never even got a statement from her.
I came in here to jack off the damn machine.  One dead psychology professor. Noah Goldstein.  Dr. Noah Goldstein. And guess what?  He was her counselor.
Ain't you go nothin' better to do than to come in here and jack off the damn machine?
What you doin', son?
Hallelujah.
How'd it go, son?
I'm a smart sonofabitch.  I just hide it.
Ain't that cute?  They got his and her Pig-assos, son.
They're executives.  They're nervous about everything.
Not now he don't.
I never heard of him.
Who was this fuckin' guy?
You're already gettin' psychological input, son.
He looks a little shrunk, that's all.
He ain't that way.  He's got heart.
Maybe it's for old-time's sake.
Not unless she got up in the ring and turned into one mean sonofabitch.
Maybe the maid did it.
What was the motive?
Were you with him last night?
When was the last time you saw John Boz?
Homicide.
