Go stick your head in a tub of ice water.  See where she leads.
You look like dogshit.
Yeah.  I know.
Sometimes I think he started banging her just to get himself off the hook with Internal Affairs.
Maybe she did, Gus.  Maybe she grew herself an Afro and learned a left hook and put shoe polish on her face.  Let's polygraph her again and ask her about it.
She's 54 years old and weighs 240 pounds.
I told you to stay away from Tramell.
You knew her, didn't you?
Don't fuck with me, Nick.  I don't need a reason to put your ass in a sling.
You're driving around North Beach for no particular reason and this car won't get out of the way --
Tell me again.  I want to hear you say it again.
First you've got her buying your file.  Now you've got her killing Nilsen.  Forget her, willya?  Go someplace.  Sit in the sun.  Get away from this goddamn fog.  Get her out of your system.
Beth?  Now you've got Beth killing people?
I.A.'s going to talk to you more about Nilsen.  They're handling the investigation, we're not. Stay in touch with Dr. Gardner, it'll help on the evaluation.
I'll ask you once, Nick -- for the record did you kill him?
Gus -- go over to Berkeley. Harrigan -- find out what else she's published.  Andrews -- get the files on her parents' accident. Carbon Beth on everything.  I want some psychological input on this Andrews and Harrigan go; Nick is left there with Gus.
Fuck you, too Nick.
How you're saying she killed her parents?  Did she kill Bobby Vasquez, too?
Her parents died in an accident. I don't care what else she's written.  What are you -- a book critic?
How the fuck do you know?  What is it with you and this broad anyway?
What now what? Now nothing.  She passed the polygraph.  That's it.
You sure?
And you volunteered.
What is all this "Nick" stuff -- Nick would you like a cigarette. Nick can you give me a ride.
We bring her in for questioning.
You forgot her degree in literature. She's a writer.  She published a novel last year under a pen name. Do you want to know what it's about?
Formerly engaged to Roberto Vasquez, deceased --
I said keep it.
Keep your three o'clock.
He left the club with his girlfriend about midnight.  That's the last time anybody saw him.
Maybe that's what you're counting on to get you off the hook.
She was the last person seen with the guy -- I'll take the responsibility.
Catherine Tramell.  Age 30.  No priors, no convictions.  Double major, magnum cum laude, Berkeley, 1980.  Literature and Psychology. Daughter, sole survivor -- Marvin and Elaine Tramell, killed in a boating accident, 1978, Catherine Tramell sole heir.  Estimated assets $110 million.
She's a suspect.
