So long, Cookie. The department store is all yours. What's left of it.
Yeah. Security.
That's not the point, Cookie. The point is what do you do with him? You tip your mitt and the Jerries pull him out of here and plant him someplace else, like Stalag Sixteen or Fifteen. Or you kill him off and the Krauts turn around and kill off the whole barracks. Every one of us. So what do you do?
Why not? Just one of the boys. Sharing our bunks. Eating our chow. Right in amongst the ones that beat me up. Except that he beat hardest.
I understand how you feel, Cookie. It's sort of rough -- one American squealing on other Americans. Then again, Cookie -- maybe that stoolie's not an American at all. Maybe he's a German the Krauts planted in this barracks. They do this type of thing. Just put an agent in with us -- a trained specialist. Lots of loose information floating around a prison camp. Not just whether somebody wants to escape, but what outfits we were with and where we were stationed, and how our radar operates. Could be, couldn't it?
What's the matter? You on their team now? You think I'm the guy?
We'll get some more.
That'll do.
Forget it.
Here's the knife to do it with. Only make sure you got the right throat.
No? Aren't you a little afraid to turn the stoolie loose on that compound? For a tip-off like this, you know what the Krauts would pay?
I wouldn't worry about Schulz. I'd worry about Sefton. Remember me? I'm the stoolie.
Have a cigar.
Why not?
Take it.
You're all wire happy, boys. You've been in this camp too long. You put two and two together and it comes out four. Only it ain't four.
Let's get on with what? What is this anyway? A Kangaroo Court? Why don't you get a rope and do it right?
A little something what?
I grease the Kraut guards. With ten percent of the take.
Ask Security.  You tell him, Price. You've got me shadowed every minute of the day. Or haven't you found out yet?
That's right.
Maybe it's going to be a longer war than you figured -- eh, Duke?
You would, would you? Listen, Stupe -- the first week I was in this joint somebody stole my Red Cross package, my blanket and my left shoe. Well, I wised up since. This ain't no Salvation Army -- this is everybody for himself. Dog eat dog.
What's your beef, boys? So I'm trading. Everybody here is trading. Only maybe I trade a little sharper. So that makes me a collaborator.
Look, this may be my last hot breakfast on account of they're going to take away that stove. So will you let me eat it in peace?
Forty-five cigarettes. The price has gone up.
Private property, bub.
Anybody here wanna double their bet?
No crack. Two packs of cigarettes say they don't get out of the forest.
Let's blow, Chauncey.
We'll know in forty seconds.  Only in a democracy can a poor guy get his keister shot off with a rich guy.
You won't get off that cheap.
Who doesn't! Suppose we wait until we hit the Waldorf Astoria.
What some brandy?
What did you expect, a St. Bernard dog?
You'd better get that blue blood circulating, because we're busting out of this stink-hole in exactly --  -- one minute and twenty seconds.
Shut off the moaning, or we'll have the dogs on us. Shut it off, Lieutenant. This is orders!
Look, Lieutenant. All your dough won't help you here. Because here you're on your own. And no mother to throw you a lifebelt. Now let's see how good you can swim.
What did you expect, glamor boy? The Officers' Club with a steam room and a massage maybe?
They've got a summer house in Nantucket, with an upstairs polo field.  You better put a canopy over his bunk.
Maybe he would. We applied for Officers' Training together, remember? They turned me down, but I'm glad to see you made it. Of course, it couldn't be that all that dough behind you had something to do with it!  His mother's got twenty million dollars.
Lieutenant Dunbar? It wouldn't be James Schuyler Dunbar? From Boston?
Check.
You could use a new one yourself.
Price. When I go I want you to give me five minutes. Exactly five minutes to get Dunbar out of that water tank. Then you throw Price out into the compound, nice and loud. He'll draw every light from every goon tower. It's our only chance to cut through. What do you say, Barracks' Chief?
I told you boys I'm no escape artist, but for the first time, I like the odds. Because now I got me a decoy.
You betcha. There ought to be some reward money from Mama. Say ten thousand bucks worth.
Don't you know? Because I got my own ideas.  Let's have that civilian stuff.
He's a Nazi, Price is. For all I know, his name is Preismaier or Preissinger. Sure, he lived in Cleveland, but when the war broke out he came back to the Fatherland like a good little Bundist. He spoke our lingo so they put him through spy school, gave him phony dogtags --
Uh-huh. Fell right on my head.  Sprechen sie deutsch?
You did!
You told them, Hoffy.
I called it the last time, didn't I?
That's right. Or would you rather see Dunbar lying out there in the mud tomorrow morning like Manfredi and Johnson?
Anybody cover?
Two packs of cigarettes say Dunbar never gets out of the compound.
So who stays with me? Maybe Joey? No -- not Joey. Wouldn't you feel safer with Security on the job?
Okay, then. Put a guard on me. I want you to put a guard on me. Because if anything goes wrong out there, this time you won't have a patsy. Right?
Sure I heard it. I still got one good ear.
It adds up that you got yourselves the wrong guy. Because I'm telling you. The Krauts wouldn't plant two stoolies in one barrack. And whatever you do to me you're going to have to do all over again when you find the right guy.
There better not be anything missing. This is private property.
What happened, Cookie? Who did it?
Borscht?
What's the matter, boys? Is my slip showing?
With your mother's pull, how come you're not a chicken colonel by now?
You take it out. Only you're going to have a riot on your hands.
Says who?
If you can't get the BBC, how about getting Guy Lombardo?
A little weak today.
Anybody call?
Just one question. Did you calculate the risk?
The one you took out of the corner of your bunk and put in this pocket.
Six o'clock in Berlin. They were having lunch in Cleveland.  Am I boring you, boys?
What time?
Shut up!  Security Officer, eh? Screening everybody, only who screened you? Great American hero. From Cleveland, Ohio! Enlisted right after Pearl Harbor! When was Pearl Harbor, Price? Or, don't you know?
Go where? To the Kommandant's office and tell him where Dunbar is?
Maybe just one word? Kaput? Because you're kaput, Price.
The Germans know where Dunbar is.
Where. Up Joey's ocarina. Didn't you know?
Amazing, what you can do with five thousand ping-pong balls, isn't it?
Ach so!
A lot of people say that and the first thing you know is they get married and live happily ever after.  I wonder what they're trying to pull out there?
Just getting acquainted. Trying to make one friend in this barracks.
Three hundred and sixty-fifth Bomb Squadron? Out of Chelveston?
I thought that's what you said. You're from Cleveland. And you were with the Thirty-sixth Bomb Group?
I went to school with a guy named Price. But that was in Boston. You're from Cleveland, aren't you.
Or how about a game of pinochle? No, you're not a pinochle man. You're a chess player.  I haven't played since I was a kid. Let's see --  -- a pawn moves this way, doesn't it? And a bishop this way? And the queen -- every which way, doesn't it?
What about the radio?
They know about that gadget. I'd worry more about the radio.
I'll tell you how come.  The Barrack Chief gave them the green light. And you, our Security Officer, said it'd be safe. That's how come.
And what's that crack supposed to mean?
I wasn't so sure. I just liked the odds.
Now you've done it. You've given me nervous indigestion.  Anything else bothering you, boys?
Not particularly.
How many do you want? A thousand?
You'd better talk, Schulz, because I'm going to find out with you or without you. Because I won't let go for a second. Because they'll have to kill me to stop me. So talk!
I'll make it five hundred!
Yes, you do!
The one you work with. Who is he? How do you do it?
Who's the guy, Schulz?
And how about three hundred cigarettes for yourself?
Here. Take them.
How would you like to give Frau Schulz a pair of silk stockings for Christmas?
No use, Schulz. You might as well come clean. Why don't you just tell 'em it's me. Because I'm really the illegitimate son of Hitler. And after the Germans win the war you'll make me the Gauleiter of Zinzinnati.
Good morning, Schulz. And how's Mrs. Schulz? And all the little Schulzes?
Tell you what to do. First, get yourself a hundred cigarettes for the Kraut guards. Then get yourself another face.
Okay, Herr Preismaier, let's have the mail box.
So you're stuck with me, eh?
Oh! Somebody was peeking!
You must have been some tail gunner!  Go ahead, Cookie.
What was I going to do with them? I only smoke cigars.
Just don't drool on it.
From a chicken, bug-wit.
