Oh, come now! You threw a time bomb.
You will remember the name? Von Scherbach? VON SCHER-BACH!
There will be two S.S. men here tomorrow to take you to Berlin. You will be interrogated by the General Staff. When you come to the part about your arrest, I'm sure you won't forget to give me the proper credit.
Nine-thirty. General von Pfeffinger should be at his desk by now. Shall we call Berlin and tell him the good news?
You are being rude again.
Of course you did! Twenty-six carloads of munitions gone off like a trick cigar! The S.S. is running around in circles. The Gestapo is arresting the wrong people. And von Scherbach has caught the fish. Most amusing, isn't it?
You have no idea how boring my life here is. If it weren't for an occasional air raid or some foolish prisoners trying to escape, I wouldn't know what to do. I want to thank you for keeping me company. I don't drink, I don't smoke, I don't read. I hate music. That only leaves good conversation. It will be a shame to lose you.
Abfuehren!
No bother. I'm very grateful for a little company. You see, I suffer from insomnia.
Of course you don't. Now, Lieutenant, how would you like to join me in my quarters? I have a nice fire going.
Quite a transportation jam we are having outside of Frankfurt! They are very angry in Berlin. They will be even angrier on the East Front, waiting for that ammunition train. Don't you think so, Lieutenant?
That is correct.  Lieutenant Dunbar, I came to apologize for the accommodations. Ordinarily, of course, we never put officers up with enlisted men.
What is your number?
Very well. If you insist on details. I have ways of finding out about that blasted time bomb. Good day, sir.  You will forgive me for receiving you like this?
Interesting.
You were saying --?
All I know is he did it. I am satisfied.
Whatever it is, it's out of your jurisdiction. This man is not a prisoner of war. Not any more. He is a saboteur.
It is.
Well, Herr Inspector! How did you find the camp? Crowded but gemuetlich, shall we say?
Curtains would do wonders for this barrack.  You will not get them.
...a Lieutenant James Dunbar?
You have a Lieutenant here...
Good evening, Sergeants.  A bit dank in here, isn't it?... Where is the Baracken-Fuehrer?
Of course. I'm aware of the Geneva Convention. They will be given the burial they deserve. Or perhaps you would suggest we haul in twenty-one cannons from the Eastern Front and give them a twenty-one gun salute?
Anything else?
Yes, Sergeant Hoffman?
