And a right.
Go left.  Go left again till you hit the fork... Then right again. You got that?
Way we came.  Take the first tunnel to your right...
Show that to the station manager.  Tell him Leonard's gonna have his bubble-butt he don't have someone down here in ten.
Track bunnies.  Rats.  They're usually around.
Funny.  Shoulda seen some track bunnies by now.
Mole people. This section was pretty popular, all the way to Fulton Street...
You all watch your step.  We got some burrows goin' down seven stories here.  You fall, I don't wanna have to come pick you up.
What do you-?
The kid...
You gonna finally get to fuck around with the wires.  Think you can handle it?
Someone'd have to go to the switchroom, pull the coupling lever, that'll send us left and to the elevator.
Third rail is dead.  Get me up.  There must be a manual override in the booth.
How you know that?  Shit, it was runnin' around with its buttside gone and a fucking pipe through its heart...
"Mistake"?  What's that supposed to...?
Oh, you helped me here, all right, white boy.  You and your goddam memo. You needed to prove your point, uh?
Yeah, I feel like ripping your fucking eyes out...
Oh, Jesus!!
Fuck you, wait a minute. I'm going to-
I only got...
All right, motherfucker, that's it.
Those things bring juice to the new stations.  You just can't rewire that shit...
Oh, man, there you go again.
Well...there's an old service elevator half a mile down the tracks.  Ain't gonna be much use, though.  Lines are dead.
Oh, that's gonna work.
Did you see the size of that thing?!
20 minutes. If you don't go sight-seeing anymore.
You wanna keep up the conversation, you best come back with the proper permits and the right attitude.
No, you talkin' at me.
Please do.  He's a lonely guy.
...should know better'n to go sneakin' around my turf...
Yeah, and you gonna have to show me a lot bigger one you wanna go down there. That's the old maintenance grid, Doc. Swiss cheese: tunnels, tracks...
What's Manny doing? I can't see him anymore.
You don't do that, we're on the wrong track.  You...
The lights come up, you pull the switch.
You better tell me what the hell's going on here!
What are you doing down here?
My God, what the hell are you...?
He can imitate anything, you just watch him.
No way we can outrun 'em together. Move it!
Across both tracks!!
Manny never threw the coupling switch!! We're goin' the wrong way!!!
He didn't do it!
It would take a minute or so.  You won't last that long out there.
Hell, I might be able to juice the whole area, if I can get to the power box. It's just a couple of cables...
What are you putting that crap on me for?
