When I said Quincy could do better, I was thinking about you.
You had your coaches and your father for that stuff.  It never mattered one way or the other if I went to your games.
That's ridiculous.
I don't remember that.
Don't tell me you aren't ashamed of that because I know.
Oh, yes.  The superstar female athlete whose mother is nothing but a housewife.
So you're angry with me because you're standing here with your hair combed and wearing perfume?
What was so wrong with wanting to teach you the things I knew could help you?
Child, please.  Ever since you were little you thought you were too good for anything I had to say.
You're the one always turning your nose up at me.
What do you want me to tell you, Monica, to go beat that girl up?  To go have sex with him?  I'm not going to do that. Yes, I believe thinking of other people is important and yes I'd rather bake a pie than shoot a dumb jump shot.  If that makes me too "prissy" for you, too bad.
Don't curse.
You didn't want my opinion in the first place, so why even ask?
Find out where they're registered and send them a gift.
His mother had a cookout a few weeks ago. He could do a lot better if you ask me.
To that stewardess?
How is he?
I can manage.
Hi.
Whenever you lose, you get this attitude. But it's just a game.
He's still at the bank.
Don't be defensive.  I'm just surprised to see you.
Monica.  What are you doing here?
Tonight, don't worry about yesterday's game, the recruiters, or anything else. I just want you to enjoy being beautiful. Will you do that?
Nothing.  So good luck.
Sure.  In between all the other things I have to do.
Child, take a bite.
Taste this.
Watch your mouth.
That's not funny
I don't know why I keep hoping you'll grow out of this tomboy thing.
Fine, you don't like this one, which one would you rather wear?
I'm lucky I found it.  Someone put your box of dresses under a pile of rags in the garbage.
Oh, all that work.
Monica, what did you do?
Okay.
The blue.
How is she alright looking the way she does?
She needs to stop running around like a little boy.
Okay.
You might want to put a jacket on him, it's getting cold.
So you're still breast-feeding?
So that means it's alright for you to act like that?
...and if you want a thicker base, you can cut in a potato or just use a little flour.
I just need to lay down.  I've been running around all day.
When you're done can you make sure she brushes her teeth?
Really?  Well, come on, then.
Well, no, but once Nathan gets settled and the girls get a little older, it's definitely something I want to do.  Since you love to cook, maybe it's something we can talk about.
Oh, me too.  I used to cook for my friends' parties and things back in Atlanta.
Well, thanks again.  This was really nice of you.
Until the Black family down the street became the Black family next door.
