I'd love for him to get a good education.  That's it.
Gotta wait til the press conference.
Don't go starting rumors, Jim.  My son's college bound with or without basketball.
Almost didn't recognize you with your hair like that.  How you been?
Nona, please.
What's that, not great?
Keep your voice down.
No, you said I should get my degree.  I like my "bullshit" job, okay, and it's gonna lead to a spot in the front office. Til then, don't worry, there's just enough savings to keep your ass in Gucci and gold.
I have.
Yeah.
I'm not gonna get anywhere punching a clock just so my wife doesn't get an attitude.
I had some players to see and hands to shake.
Nona, don't start bitching.  I got maybe two years left to play.  I'm just trying to put some things together for us.
Business folks.
Just you and Quincy, baby.  I got a meeting.
What?  Oh, and, uh, don't say "shit."
Fine, I'll fuck off, but not til I say something.
You want me to fuck off?
Quincy.  I know you left school early to throw your middle finger up at me.
No.
I can see that.  I know things look pretty bleak right now, but you can't get down on yourself.
Don't remember that being my fault. Seems like you divorced me same time as your mom.
Came by to check on you.
I know your mad at me, okay, but I can't let you do this.
What?
I'm saying I handled my responsibilities like a man.  But when you're in the NBA, you pull into a city and there's a hundred women waiting at the hotel.  And another twenty that made it past security on your floor.  And the boldest one is standing right at your door.  And after awhile, it just becomes part of the game.  I'm sorry I lied to you, I shouldn't have.  But I did it cause I love you.
Your mom was real quick to show you those pictures, wasn't she? Well, she was nineteen when she got pregnant and don't get me wrong, you're the best thing in my life, but she knew I wasn't ready for no marriage.
Boy, you're so perfect you can look down on me?
Look, I ain't saying it was right, but sometimes things happen.
I messed up, okay, I know that.  But I ain't that kid's father.
We need to talk.
Your door was unlocked.
We haven't exactly been living the fairy- tale life the past few years.  Something like this happens, it either brings a family closer or pushes them further apart.  We'll just have to see how it plays out.  I'm giving her some space, couple days...
A case like this could hang around for months and I'm up for this player relations job with the "Clips."  This gets out, false or not, no one'll touch me.
I want this thing to go to court, but my lawyer's telling me to settle.
No, you need to hear me say it, I'll say it.  It's not true.
I just told you.
Some girl that's been hanging on at every party.  now I'm supposed to be her baby's Daddy.  Anyway, I told your mom I wanted to be the one who told you.
there's this thing out there.  This paternity suit.
Besides, the sooner you go pro, the sooner you'll have to deal with the mess I'm dealing with.
Your mom got pregnant and I had to make choices.  You don't have a choice.
You know how much higher the play level is in the NBA?  Give yourself time to develop, Quincy.  Get an education.  The NBA ain't going nowhere.
Well, tell them to mind their damn business.  You're smart enough to get a degree.
What people?
Let's hope I can say the same about you one day.
Anyway, I gotta get to this meeting. Tell your Mom I'm gonna be late.
I don't wanna hurt your feelings.
I don't care about the team.  I care about the school.
That's right.
Why not?
Boy, what'd I tell you about using that word?
