You know I won't be seeing you.
Things ain't always the way they seem. You got to ask yourself: is it worth it? Day comes Earthmaker is going to look in your fucking heart! Then you better know what it is you're doing. <u>Are you a human being</u> -- or just one of them hungry ghosts out there floatin' around?
Well, don't say I didn't warn you when things go your way.
Nothing makes the Great Spirit laugh harder than a man's plans. We all got plans. I planned on seeing all my life. I know you didn't plan on straying into town.
More or less.
Afraid of it?  Boy, I live in the dark. All cause of a woman who made me this way. People are afraid of what they can't see. I can't see nuthin', so it's all the same to me.  Kiss from a beautiful woman, kissy kissy kiss, a lick from a dog, slurp, slurp, the kiss of death . It's all the same to me.
Night is when you want to sleep, but the dry heat keeps you tossin' and turnin'. It's when you wish the sun was bakin' high in the sky so you could see what it is you're afraid of.
Ain't over yet.  Night is part of day; separate, but equal.  Night is when you let your guard down; when you see things in the shadows and hear things in the dark.
Your lies are old, but you tell 'em well.
...But ain't you got a little something for the infirm?
Well, people gotta get by somehow. That's the curse. The mines done it. All that uranium, plutonium, fuffonium, fuckononium, assononium, all that "om"! Everybody's got a mother. You don't rip up your mother. You don't rip up the Earth and take everything out. It's like the Cracker Jack box says, "the more you eat, the more you want...."...
So now you're going to tell me where I lost my eyes. You don't think I know where I lost my eyes? I was there when I lost them. I lost them in the war. The war in the joint. There's always wars in the joint. Cause I was a code talker in the joint and in the war too. Mmmm, nothing like the smell of a naked lady. Be careful, boy.
All them miners last century. Hungry ghosts, killed off all the Indians. Up at the mine. Earth ran red with blood, think I'm fooling around here. White sky was on fire. Grown men cried like babies. I saw a flash, then darkness descended upon me. They put me in the joint. Took my eyes. I cursed them. White people can't seem to stay away from Indians . You gotta watch where ya put your fingers. Pussy pussy pussy, Indian pussy.
Cocksucker motherfucker! Cops. I hear you. Always sneaking around. Thinks I can't see him. Well he's right. Motherfucker. But that ain't mean I don't know what's going on around here. They're all cursed. Yes sir.
...And everything is nothing too.
Seems like I do but only cause end of the day we're all eyes in the same head. And everything is everything.
What do you want for free?
Or maybe you just think you do. Just another small town. One guy chasing you. You go big town. Just gonna have four guys after you instead. Kiss kissy kiss. It gets down to one thing -- are you a human being or are you one of those hungry ghosts out there never satisfied with nothing? Cause you gotta remember you can run just as far as you can, but wherever you go, that's where you gonna be.
Just 'cause I ain't got eyes doesn't mean I can't see.
See.  Ain't nothing I can do but keep him here beside me.  That's where he belongs anyways.  Me and Jesse, that's my dog, not anymore, but me and Jesse we been pals since the war when I lost my eyes.  He was just a pup then... a companion that's loyal, that'll keep coming back to you no matter how much you kick him...I miss him.  I'll see ya later, unless I come across something worse.
He's only just dead.  What was I supposed to do with him?  I can't take him away anywhere.  And nobody wants to take him for me.  Do you?
I hope you wasn't pettin' him none, was you?
That's 'cause he's dead.
Don't forget to open it for me.  I can't be opening my own bottle.
Change?  You want my change?  I fought the war and lost my eyes just so I could give you my change?
Don't be sorry.  Just run over there and get me my pop before I die of thirst.
Lost my eyes in Vyee-et-nam.  Lost them fighting the commies.  Fought the war and lost my eyes fightin' the commies just so you can come around here and make fun of me.
I ain't got no eyes.  You want to see?
What'd you think I was doing out here with these glasses on?  Sunnin' myself?
Hell no, I can't do that myself.  I'm blind.  Can't you see that?
Yeah I want something.  I want you to run over to that machine and get me a pop.
Don't call me old man.  Ain't you got no respect, boy?
Hey!  You there!
