No.
I don't want no dirty money.  I run an honest business.
Two-hundred dollars in hundred-dollar bills.  And this morning you was broke.
You got the money?
What the hell ... oh, it's you.  Might've figgered. Listen I got a waitress coming over.  What do you want?
We're closed.  Come back when the sun comes up.
What you want?
When I work on a car, I work on a car.
Well, that key's not gonna work. I had to pop the lock. You didn't leave me the trunk key.
Darrell.
What's the matter?  The fight gone out of you?  I'm just gonna smash a headlight. Maybe two.
Listen to me you sorry sonufabitch. You owe me money, and this car ain't going nowheres until I get it.  And if you take another five hours I'll find another fifty dollars worth of work to do on it. Is that clear? Now get out of here 'fore I call the Sheriff, <u>who knows me</u>.
Is that an insult?  Are you insulting me.
The goddamn sign on the wall. I can't do unauthorized work?  What am I suppose to do? Just let you ride out of here with a bad gasket.  Then you get in an accident and get killed.  Or worse.  Who they gonna blame then?  They gonna blame me, and there goes my reputation.
Well, now, you just know all there is about bein' a mechanic, don't you?  Didn't you read the sign.
Yeah, but it was shot.
Yep.  For the hose.  But while you was gone I replaced a gasket.  That's going to run you another fifty.
It's going to cost you two-hundred dollars.
Two-hundred.
No charge.
You think bad, and bad is what you get.
Hell, I've had days I would gladly trade with a whippin' dog.  Ain't much you can do when you feel like that 'cept tough it out.
One of those days you feel like you been runnin' in circles and you ain't no closer to where you tryin' to get than when you started?
Hey there.  I was beginnin' to think you wasn't comin' back...  You don't look so good.
I want my hundred and forty-five dollars.
You ain't got no credit card but you got a lawyer. Sweet talk me all you want.  Didn't you read the sign? It says...
...got no day, got no date.  Probably ain't worth a duck's fart . This one here cost me $3.75 and it's got every doodad you can imagine. No sir I'll stick with this .
Now that's too bad.  I sure hope you know how to wash dishes or shovel shit 'cause you're gonna have to work this one off.
Then you're only a hundred-forty-five in the hole.  You can keep that dollar. Now why don't you just take your American Express Gold Card, and call that guy with the big schnooz on TV and have him send you the money lickity split.
Then you ain't gonna have the car.
I don't know, but "it's the reason I'm living here and you're just passing through."  Now you owe me a hundred-fifty dollars.
"That's not just a Ford, that's a sixty-four-and-a-half Mustang."
Actually, it's been about three hours. You're the one thinks that car's so damn fancy.  What you expect but fancy damn prices?
A goddamn radiator hose in a sixty-four-and-a-half Mustang.  You know how long it took me to find that hose?
Hundred-fifty.
Well ... you got your parts, you got your labour ... let's call it a hundred-fifty bucks.
Bottom hose was shot too.  Rotted clear through. Had to put a new one in. Runs like a dream now.
Another accident?  You got to be more careful.
Don't look like nothing.
Hey, your ... what the hell happened to you?
Diner up a piece.  Not much, but us simple folk like it.
You got to be more careful. Hands is important.  Let me show you something. When I was a kid, now I don't know if you can still see it, but I gashed my fingers in a lawnmower.
Ninety-two.  Course half hour from now might be seventy-two. These clouds move around a lot.
Twenty-after-ten.
Time.
Gotta run over to the yard and see if I can find a hose like this one, or close enough. Gonna take time.
Yeah, I can fix it.
Somewhere else?  Mister, somewhere else is fifty miles from here. Only other gas station down in town closed 3 years ago when the mine got shut...
Well, you know so much why don't you just fix it yourself?
It's your radiator hose.  It's busted.
Darrell--
Damn.  Gonna be another hot one today. Sometimes I don't even want to get out of bed. Course don't want to get out for the cold one's neither.  Then of course the clouds come in...
So?
'Cause Harlin used to own it.
Yep.
Doubt it.  He's dead.  The Look Out's a cemetery.
He's up at the Look Out.
Nope.  Darrell.
