Two-hundred dollars?
You'd tell me anything to save your pathetic life.
Don't Jake me boy! It's a big house. You probably didn't even make it out to the desert this afternoon...
How the hell did you know where the bedroom's at?
You have a lot of talk in you, whole lot of talk.
That's a thick change of heart from this afternoon.
Shhh! Liar.
You came to take my wife from me?
...And he thought he'd clock old Jake McKenna and turn his brains into wall paper...and then maybe borrow $200 or $20,000, or $200,000...
No, but it don't matter anyway when you're lying there with your brains all over my carpet and I'm telling Sheriff Potter about this drifter, didn't have enough money to fix his car. And Darrell happened to find his gun, and through maybe this drifter heard old Jake got some money stashed away, and figgered he might try to break in and steal it!
I guess this is what they call "ironee"? Hunh?
I like Darrell.  He may be an idiot, but he's my half brother. We own Harlin's together, yeah, that little redneck manages to get paid no matter how things work out.
Next time you'll do just fine.
...I don't know.  Tell her you had to see her.  Tell her you don't care if she's married or not, you had to be with her. Sweet talk the woman.  A young buck like you must be good at that.  Then ... maybe shift the conversation.  Get her thinking about that jeep of hers.  She loves that thing.  Maybe the only thing she does love. She'll want to take you for a ride.
Oh yeah sure. Why don't I buy you a plane ticket right out of here while I'm at it. I <u>know you</u>...  This is what you do:  Go to the house to see her.
Be quiet, boy.  I got to figure this thing. I'm thinking. It can't be done at the house. It should be...
How the hell should I know?  I've never had a wife killed before. Jesus Christ! <u>You</u> want this job, you don't know how to do this? I guess I should have hired a professional.
If you can't trust the man you've hired to kill your wife ...? The thing is it's got to look like an accident; that's the thing. If it doesn't, then it's no good.  I won't get a dime, and it's my neck that'll be on the chopping block while you're living it up somewhere.
Don't say that.  I had a marriage of convenience with Grace, and look where that's lead...  Well, looks like we got ourselves a contract.
You drive a hard bargain, but I had a feeling you were my boy when I met you.
That's a bit much.
Maybe ... ten-thousand.  And that's a maybe.
No, I hate loving her. I hate the kind of person she is. I hate having to tolerate the little "games" she plays. Like fucking half of the town behind my back and laughing at me. The bitch. She loved to play. She wants me to hit her and when I hit her she likes it. She tortures me. But she's family. She's my little girl. My baby. I couldn't stand to watch her eyes roll back in her head as she sucks her last breath, or to see her pretty pink brains spill from her skull. No. Not me. But you? You got the killing in you, boy...How much you want?
Well, I guess I have what you call a love-hate relationship with Grace.
And what does that make you?
What makes you say that?
A man doesn't always mean the things he says.
Oh, that was just loose talk. Husband gettin' pissed off.  I don't want anybody dead.
You're talking like a madman.
Boy I think this heat's getting to you the way you're rambling on.
I did?
I do.
Sweet Grace?  What about her?
Talk?  About what?
What can I do for you, lad?
How do you know if you've never tried?
Would you kill her?
Would you?
Mad like a dog in heat, I bet you were.  I can tell you got a temper on you.
"You can't shoot 'em!" I like that.  I bet she led you on good, didn't she?  Taking you up to the house to hang drapes. Oh that's a good one. Bet she had you hard as a rock wiggling her ass in your face.  I bet you just wanted to pull down her pants and hog her out. Then me busting in like some wild bear. Ha! Bet you had a fire going under you.
She does at that.  I knew when I married her she was a free spirit.  A woman with her looks and a man my age; what was I to expect?  But you see a woman like that in a town like this and you don't think, you do. So, I married her.  What are you to do, eh? Women.
That's the sweat of a man who hasn't an honest bone in his body.  Don't be offended, lad.  A man who's got no ethics is a free man.  I envy that.  Beside, how can I blame you?  That Grace sure has a mind of her own, and a body to match, don't she?  Eh?
Ah, I can smell it on you.
It wouldn't have made a difference to you, now would it?  Not a wit.  Do you know why? Because you're a man without scruples.
You a sailor man?  That'd be the life. Drive across the country, step on a boat and just sail away.  A man could pretty well disappear like that.  Just sail away until all he was was a memory.  I guess a little place like this would just be a dot on a map to you after awhile.
Live there?
Oh? Darrell taking good care of you?
"Bobby Cooper." What brings you to Superior, Coop?
I'm a solid man.
I guess we've never been introduced proper. Jake McKenna.
You've got to be--
Say, what happened to your hand?
After you huffed off, Grace lied so bad, I got so pissed off, I pulled down her pants to paddle her ass raw and finger-fucked it instead. Sorry I lost my cool like that. It's a funny thing, women.
I'll give you a lift, son. Too hot to be walking... People die out here, y'know.
It ain't broke.
You can't just walk in here and walk out, you sonufabitch! I'm gonna tear you a new asshole!
A lot that means.
Didn't much look like you were hanging drapes.
Now who the hell are you, and it better be good, or God help me I'll break you in half.
I'm her husband.
Who the hell is this!?
Help me, Grace, help...
Shhhh! Just like your Mama, always scared of things...
There's someone in the house.
You didn't hear something?
You broke her heart! You broke your Mama's heart. You stole me! That's right. Fuck it away. But it ain't ever goin' away, cause your Mama -- she's like a hungry ghost baby, she won't go away, she won't leave ya alone.
You been a bad girl, Grace. You took my heart from your Mama, didn't ya? You betrayed her! Like you did me. There ain't no forgivin' ya, girl!
Ya little bitch, you like it don't you! You like it this way -- rough and hard. Gotta go fuck around on me, like your Mama, but you always gotta come home to Daddy, don't you, cause you know Daddy's the best.
What the hell you looking at, girl?
They look nice.
They look nice.
I know.  I was here when your apprentice was helping you.  Remember?
You spent a long time talking for a wrong number.  But then you make friends so easily.  Don't you, Grace?
Who was that on the phone?
