I'm taking the nine o'clock train, Hildy. And you can meet us at the station.
You got it back, eh? There's something funny going on around here.
Thank you.
Then suppose you give me the money. Four hundred and fifty dollars.
Did you give her the money?
Hildy! Where's mother?
Where'd she go?
I know I got you into this, Hildy, but it does seem to me that you can't care much for me if you're willing to let me stay locked up for two hours.
I waited and waited and then I had an idea and wired Albany to send me a hundred dollars so I could get out on bail...  I don't know what they'll think -- they sent it to the police station!
Not through any help of yours, Hildy.
Hildy!
But, gee, Hildy -- he gave us that insurance business -- and you promised --
Did you finish the interview?
Oh, I realized right away. He's really a very nice fellow, Hildy -- I found that out.
For a minute, I thought maybe Walter Burns was at the back of it. But then I realized he couldn't have been.
I can't imagine who did it. I can't think of any enemies I have.
That's right here. Gee, it was lucky your telling me about that old newspaper superstition.
I lost my wallet.
All right. I've done it. Now, are you satisfied?
Certified and everything. Got it right here in my wallet... What? No, he's not here -- I'm in a phone booth.
All right.  One -- two -- three -- four -- five. Five hundred. Be careful, honey.
But I don't gamble, Hilda!
But --
The five hundred? Sure.
All right, dear.
About twenty-five hundred dollars.
I could get a company doctor in twenty minutes.
But --
Well, at his age, twenty payment life, a little over a thousand dollars.
I don't use my wife for business purposes, Mr. Burns!
Say, what's happened to Burns? He looks sunk, doesn't he?
Too hot?
If anybody had told me I'd be sitting at lunch with him -- but he swept me right off my feet.
Oh, he's not the man for you. I can see that. But I sort of like him. Got a lot of charm.
You know, Hildy, he's not a bad fellow.
Oh, it isn't like that.
I suppose you're right -- but if it gets rough, remember I'm here.
I'd like to spoil him just once. Sure you don't want me to go in with you?
I said -- uh -- I said even ten minutes -- is a long time -- to be away from you.
Even ten minutes is a long time to be away from you.
Say, I want to be sure, too!
Gee! Take a look, will you?
The money? Why?
She's -- well, she's very motherly. That's about the best description I know.
And now I don't know where my mother is. She may be lost.
Suppose she is -- I have feelings, too! Do you know where I've been for the last couple of hours? Locked up in a police station and she didn't move to do anything about it.
If she's not there, mother and I are leaving anyhow!
And I'll take that certified check, too. I've decided I can handle things around here...
Oh.  I wonder what's keeping mother? She was supposed to come down and get you.
Hildy!
So long.
Oh, sure.  Well, thanks for everything.
Thanks a lot.
Thanks. I'll phone Hildy right away to get that story.
Well, she'll know some day.
Certified! I'm afraid Hildy'd feel ashamed to think she hadn't trusted you.
Gee, you almost make me feel like a heel -- coming between you.
I'm beginning to realize that.
Well, of course, if you put it that way.
Well, I'm independent, too.
I feel I ought to take care of her.
I don't know. This makes me feel funny.
I never knew Hildy to be so determined before.
We could take the six o'clock train, Hildy. If it would save a man's life.
How long would the interview take?
But couldn't you show the man wasn't responsible?
Are you sure Williams is not all there?
Just what is the lowdown on Williams?
Anything the matter?
Well, I honestly feel that way. I figure I'm in one line of business that really helps people. Of course, we don't help you much when you're alive -- but afterward -- that's what counts.
Well, Albany's a mighty good insurance town. Most people there take it out pretty early in life.
Mighty nice little town, Albany. They've got the State Capitol there, you know.
Just for the first year.
Well, I'll try to give her one.
I don't think she'll need you very much -- I aim to do most of the protecting myself.
No. My mother.
Feels awful good. Yes, sir -- we're taking the four o'clock train to Albany and tomorrow we'll be married.
No -- she didn't.
Where are we going?
Well, er -- it looked a little cloudy this morning.
Oh.
Mr. -- well -- no -- no -- not at all.
nan
Yes!
I'm Bruce Baldwin!
Mr. Burns --
