Bon jour!
I'll keep you in mind.
It doesn't have to rhyme!
Exactly!
Let him have everything he wants.  Now hustle and write me a story from the point of view of the escaped man.  He hides, cowering... Afraid of every light, of every sound... hears footsteps... his heart going like that... And all the time they're closing in... Get the sense of an animal at bay!
I'll give you a hundred and a by- line.
Of course!  Roy Bensinger, the poet. Of course you wouldn't know! You probably never heard of Shakespeare, either! Put Mr. Bensinger right on the staff.  How much are you getting on the Tribune, Roy?
Duffy! I'm sending Bensinger over to see you.  Mervyn, isn't it?
Heartbreaking! How would you like to work for me?
The poem?... The poem was great!
I should say not! That was one swell story you had in the paper this morning.
I was having a little chat about you just this afternoon -- with our Mister Duffy.
Hello, Bensinger.
Oh, this is all right, Bruce. I just wanted to be sure.
There's a lot of counterfeit big bills going around.
Oh, Bruce, let me see that money Hildy gave you.
That's the kind of stuff they want!
I'll find her, Bruce, if I have to put every detective in the city on the job. Tell you what -- go over to the Missing Persons Bureau and describe your mother. What does she look like?
Ts! Ts! Ts!
I know how you feel, Bruce, but you've got to forgive her. She's only a woman, after all.
I'll see she's there, Bruce, I promise you.
Come on, Hildy, we've got to keep going! Sorry, Bruce, but --
No -- I was just talking to one of the guys at the office.
What the devil do you want? Listen, Bruce, you can't come in here now! We're busy!  Where you been, Duffy? Stick around! What? What Chinese earthquake? The deuce with it... what's that?
Don't thank me. I should thank you. So long.
Well, I got to get back. You can find your way out, can't you?
Well, anyway, I know Hildy's getting a good man.
Don't want to forget this, you know. Might start to rain again.
That's all I ask. Oh, wait a minute.
Well, Bruce, here you are -- certified and everything.
No, Bruce, you didn't come between us. It was all over for her before you came on the scene. For me -- it'll never be over.
And the beauty of it is she'll never have to know 'till I've passed on. Maybe she'll think kindly of me --- after I'm gone.
And remember this, Bruce! I love her, too.
Figure it this way: I ought to be good for twenty-five years. By that time, you'll probably have made enough so that the money won't mean anything. But suppose you haven't made good -- don't you think Hildy's entitled to a quiet old age without any worries?
Well, you'll take care of her. After all, if that doctor's right, I'm going to live for a long time yet. Look, Bruce, this is a debt of honor. I was a very bad husband: Hildy could have got a lot of alimony if she'd wanted to, but she wouldn't take any. She had it coming to her, but she was too independent.
Why shouldn't I make Hildy my beneficiary? I've got nobody else to leave it to.
You haven't seen anything yet.
Oh -- an hour for the interview. Another hour to write it.
How?
All you've got to do is talk to him. But the Mayor would hang his own grandmother to be re-elected.
It's simple. A poor little dope who lost his job went berserk and shot a cop who was coming after him to quiet him down.
Just Sweeney again. One of my best reporters.
I see what you mean.
I sometimes wish I'd taken out insurance -- but, of course, now it doesn't matter. Still, I suppose it would have been the smart thing to do.
I don't blame them.
How's business, Bruce?
Yes, I know...  Hildy, will you ever forget the night you brought the Governor back to your hotel room and found me taking a bath? She didn't even know I was in town...
That'll be nice. A home with mother. A real honeymoon. In Albany, too. Ow!
I know you will, Bruce. Are you going to live with your mother?
I know I wasn't a good husband, Hildy, but you can always count on me.
Oh. Your mother -- well, of course, that relieves my mind.
Mother? But your mother --
Taking the train today -- and being married tomorrow?
Well, so you're getting married tomorrow, eh? How does it feel, Bruce?
Just wanted to surprise you, I guess.  Down!  After you, Bruce!  Come on, Hildy, my treat!
Where are we going? I'm going to buy you two lunch -- didn't Hildy tell you?
Attaboy!  Come on, Bruce.
That's right. -- Rubbers, too, I hope? A man ought to be prepared for any emergency.
But I see, she didn't mean old in years. You always carry an umbrella, Bruce?
You see, my wife -- I mean, your wife -- that is, I mean Hildy -- had led me to expect that she was marrying a much older man.
Oh, I thought there was something funny... You see, Bruce, you don't mind if I call you Bruce, do you? After all, we're practically related --
This is a pleasure, Mr. Baldwin, and I'm sorry about the mistake.
Then who are you?
You're Bruce Baldwin?
I've just told you I was busy with Mr. Bruce Baldwin!
What's this?
You're going to be in office for exactly two days more and then we're pulling your nose out of the feed bag.
Do you want to get us scooped?
Call Duffy!
Oh, trying to frame me, eh! I never saw this woman before in my life!
I'm warning you -- it'll be a Federal offense.  And you'll be an accessory!
Hartman, if you take this desk out of this building, I'll put you behind bars.
You'll see nothing of the kind, Sheriff.
Who's under arrest? You pimple-headed, square-toed spy -- do you realize what you're doing?
You're barking up the wrong tree, Hartman.
I can explain that, Hartman. When Hildy told me she wanted to interview Earl Williams I thought it might be dangerous and I gave her a gun to defend herself.
Get out!
If you've any accusations to make, Hartman, make them in the proper manner. Otherwise, I'll have to ask you to get out.
Who do you think you are, breaking in here like this?
Save that for the Tribune.
Out of the mouths of babes.
This is the Morning Post you're talking to!
Duffy! Get Liebowitz!
Does it? You forget the power that always watches over the Morning Post.
But, Hildy -- I can explain --
It'll be Heaven!
Hildy, darling!
Sure, I can. Look at the policy I gave him!  "With this ring I thee wed and with all my worldly goods I thee endow: And thereto I plight thee my troth."
How about Bruce's?
Hildy, from this time on no tricks, no double-crossing -- everything on the level!
Now don't argue, Hildy.  How about it, Judge?
I don't want to rush you. Take a couple of seconds.
What's the good of arguing about something that probably doesn't exist? Look, Hildy, I'm proposing to you. What do you say?
Well, if she looked like you -- Say! My brains and your looks -- that mightn't be such a bad combination.
Sure, I can't last forever. I want a son I can train to take my place on this paper.
Sure I do. And I'll tell you something else -- I'd like a baby.
Hildy, if that's what you want, all right. We'll even go to -- how about Niagara Falls?
That's what makes it romantic. Every other married couple goes away on a honeymoon and for two weeks the bride knows just where the groom is, and vice versa. But us -- you never know where I am and I'm not sure where you are. That's Romance!
Sure, it was good -- it was wonderful! Only you expected it to be like other marriages. It can't be like other marriages -- we're different! We're a different world. Look at what we went through today. I wouldn't trade that for any honeymoon in the world. I bet you wouldn't, either.
Both jobs are open, Hildy. The paper -- and being Mrs. Walter Burns.
Sure.
Where'd you wire him?
What do you mean? Bruce'll be waiting for you in Albany.
And what a way to quit. While you're still champion! That's the way to leave, Hildy!
The greatest yarn ever written by anybody. My hat's off to you, Hildy!
Then why are you doing it?
Hildy!
Well -- what is it?
Flip a coin.
He's going to have you the rest of his life, Hildy. Can't you give me another hour?
Suit yourself, kid. This isn't for me to decide. Of course, you could make a later train and still be in Albany tomorrow morning.
Bruce is making the nine o'clock train. I told him you'd be on it -- unless you want to write this story yourself.
Sorry, Hildy. I didn't mean to be making love to another man's fiancee.
In the Shoreland Hotel. And our only chaperon was the poor old lady's stomach.
Yeah - but that time we stole Old Lady Haggerty's stomach off the Coroner's physician. We proved she was poisoned though, didn't we?
Remember the time we broke into the D.A.'s office, and copied Fifi Randell's diary?
I mean -- working together. Just like the old days. The things we've been through, Hildy.
Uh-uh. As long as we were in there together pitching -- they couldn't lick us. Well, it's been a lot of fun.
Don't tell me you were worried!
And your arrest. You'll each get about ten years, I think.
Which ought to be about three hours more, I'd say.
When did you deliver this first?
Murder, uh?
Yes! What are you afraid of Hildy? I dare him to move that desk out of here.
What is it? Here!
Don't open that!
Hildy, you just can't leave me out on a limb now. It -- it wouldn't be cricket!
When I'm surrounded, with my back against the wall, you're not going to lay down on me, are you --
Will you come here?
Come here. See if we can move it.
That dumb immigrant'll flop on me. I know it.  Can you imagine Butch doing this to me -- at a time like this?
Duffy!!!!   Duffy!!!!  Well, where is Duffy?  Diabetes! I ought to know better than to hire anybody with a disease.  Louie.
Butch! I'd put my arm in fire for you -- up to here!  Now, you can't double-cross me!... She does? All right -- put her on. I'll talk to her... Hello! Oh, hello, Madam... Now listen, you ten-cent glamour girl, you can't keep Butch away from his duty... What's that? You say that again and I'll come over there and knock your eye out! Hello?  I'll kill 'em! I'll kill both of 'em!  Duffy!  Mousing around with some big blonde Annie on my time! That's co-operation!  Duffy!!
I don't care if you've been after her for six years! Butch, our whole lives are at stake! Are you going to let a woman come between us after all we've been through?
I can't hear... You got who? Speak up! A what?... You can't stop for a dame now!
Oh, for --  H. Sebastian -- Butch! Listen, it's a matter of life and death! Listen!
What are you doing there? Haven't you even started?
Who?  Hello, Butch! Where are you?
Hello -- hello...
If it was my own mother, I'd carry on! You know I would. For the paper!
Look at me, Hildy --
If he really loves you, you won't have to tell him anything.  Snap out of it! Would you rather have had the old dame dragging the whole police force in here?
It's Fate, Hildy. What will be, will be.
Was she? Did you notice?
Where is she? Tell me!
You been in a fight?
What did you do with her?
Hildy, you think I could? After this story?  Here! You're just nervous.
Finished!
Tear into it, will you? Don't sit there like a frozen robin!
You said it! But this'll teach him a lesson. He won't quit his paper without giving notice after this.
Didn't you hear him? Of course he's coming back here. Keep going, will you?
Railroad tickets.
Bruce? Oh -- er -- he went out to get the tickets.
Well, keep going! We want an extra out on the streets before it's too late!
Listen, did you impress it on Butch that I want him and his gang here right away? You did? Every minute counts. All right.  Duffy's getting old!
Hildy!
For Pete's sake, Hildy, they're waiting for the rest of that story!
Give him the works.  Hello, Duffy, get set! We've got the biggest story in the world. Earl Williams caught by the Morning Post -- exclusive!
Call him a love-child, if you want to.  Duffy!
All the words you've got.
Get the lead out of your typewriter and start pounding out a load, will you? Snap into it!
Hildy!
We'll lower it out of the window with pulleys. Quit stallin'.
Not if he's inside the desk. We'll carry the desk over.  Give me Duffy!
We're going to take him over to my private office.  Where's our phone?
Attagirl! Why, they'll be naming streets after you -- Hildy Johnson Street! There'll be statues of you in the parks, Hildy. The radio'll be after you -- the movies!  By tomorrow morning I'll betcha there's a Hildy Johnson cigar! I can see the billboards now. Light up with Hildy Johnson!
You've kicked over the whole City Hall like an apple-cart. You've got the Mayor and Hartman backed against a wall. You've put one administration out and another in. This isn't a newspaper story -- it's a career! And you stand there belly-aching about whether you catch an eight o'clock train or a nine o'clock train! Still a doll-faced mugg! That's all you are.
Well, think it then, because it's true! We'll crucify that mob. We're going to keep Williams under cover till morning so the Post can break the story exclusive. Then we'll let the Governor in on the capture -- share the glory with him.
Don't get technical at a time like this! Do you realize what you've done? You've taken a city that's been graft-ridden for forty years under the same old gang and with this yarn you're kicking 'em out and giving us a chance to have the same kind of government that New York's having under La Guardia! We'll make such monkeys out of these ward-heelers next Tuesday that nobody'll vote for them -- not even their wives!
You know! You've got the brain of a pancake! That wasn't just a story you covered -- it was a revolution! Hildy! This is the greatest yarn in journalism since Livingstone discovered Stanley for the New York Herald!
You drooling idiot! What do you mean, you're getting out! There are three hundred and sixty-five days in the year one can get married -- but how many times have you got a murderer locked up in a desk? -- Once in a lifetime! Hildy, you've got the whole city by the seat of the pants!
Get Bruce out of jail! How can you worry about a man who's resting comfortably in a quiet police station while this is going on? Hildy, this is war! You can't desert now!
Where do you think you're going?
I know. Where is he, I said.
Yes. Where is he?
Hold on a minute.
That's great work, Hildy... Huh? Oh, will you stop worrying about the money? I'll see you get it in fifteen minutes.
No kidding, Hildy.  Say, this isn't a rib?
I meant on my grandmother's grave. Don't be so technical, Hildy. What's the story?!
You'll get it. Now what's the story?  I'll have the paper send the money right down to you. I swear it on my mother's grave.
Never mind that. What's the story?
Exclusive? That's great.
All right. The check will be certified. Want my fingerprints?
What do you think I am -- a crook?
What tricks would I pull?
Now you're talking!
Maybe you'll be. You're a smart young man. You let Hildy do this story for me and you can write out a $100,000.00 insurance policy for me. What do you say?
All right, Hildy, I'm licked. But I'll make you and Bruce a business proposition.
What do you mean?
What do you mean, only an act? Haven't you got any feeling?
How can you have any happiness after that? All through the years you'll remember that a man went to the gallows because you were too selfish to wait two hours! I tell you, Earl Williams' face will come between you on the train tonight -- and at the preacher's tomorrow -- and all the rest of your lives!
You see what I had to put up with? She never trusted me! You argue with her -- otherwise you're going on a honeymoon with blood on your hands!
I'm an editor. I know what ought to be written, but I can't write it the way you could. It needs a woman's heart --
Especially with an election coming up in a few days.
Because it happened to be a colored policeman.
So -- Sweeney gets twins -- and Earl Williams gets hanged tomorrow.
His wife had twins and he went out to celebrate and got as drunk as a lord. They can't even find him.  I tell you, drink is the ruin of this nation.
Here's luck to the bride and bridegroom.
Anyway, I'm glad you two are going to be happy and have all the things I couldn't give her. You know, Hildy is about the best reporter in the country -- and that goes regardless of sex. But all she really ever wanted was a home.
Well, I'll tell you one thing, old man, she never looked at me the way she's looking at you.
How do you like that? Here I am being nice to you and your sweet-heart and that's the thanks I get!
Thanks.
Oh, I'm sorry.
What for?
No kidding?
Nothing personal. I was just asking.
Then what does he want with you?
All right then, come on and let's see this paragon.  Is he as good as you say?
You're not afraid, are you?
Say, could I meet him?
Too bad I couldn't see this guy first. I'm pretty particular about whom my wife marries.
I wish you everything I couldn't give you, Hildy.
Tomorrow? Tomorrow... as quick as that?
Say, sounds more like a guy I ought to marry. What's his name?
He does, does he? How did I treat you -- like a water buffalo?
Oh sure, it's honest. But somehow, I can't picture you with a guy who sells policies.
The insurance business?
What's his line?
Bermuda... Rich, eh?
Where'd you meet this man?
I know you, Hildy, and I know what it would mean. It would kill you.
Who says I can't? You're a newspaper man.
Get married all you want to, Hildy, but you can't quit the newspaper business.
Oh! In that case, the raise is off and you go back to your old salary and like it. Trying to blackjack --
Great grief! What's that other paper going to give you?
All right -- thirty-five, and not a cent more!
If you won't do it for love, how about money? Forget the other offer and I'll raise you twenty-five bucks a week.
Don't mock, Hildy, this is bigger than anything that's happened to us. Don't do it for me! Do it for the paper.
It'll bring us together again, Hildy -- just the way we used to be.
You've got to help me, Hildy.
There's nobody else on the paper who can write! This'll break me, unless --  Hildy!
I don't care whether he did or not. He's supposed to be covering the Earl Williams case and there he is -- waiting at the hospital! Is there no sense of honor left in this country?
Not yet. Might just as well be. The only man on the paper who can write -- and his wife picks this morning to have a baby!
Sweeney.
Sweeney! You can't do that to me! Not today, of all days! Jumping Jehosophat! Oh, no, Sweeney... Well, I suppose so... All right. If you have to, you have to.  How do you like that? Everything happens to me -- with 365 days in the year -- this has to be the day.
Well, you practically did! Making goo-goo eyes at me for two years till I broke down. And I still claim I was tight the night I proposed. If you'd been a gentleman you'd have forgotten all about it. But not you!
It would have worked if you'd been satisfied with just being editor and reporter. But no! You had to marry me and spoil everything.
I made a great reporter out of you, Hildy, but you won't be half as good on any other paper, and you know it. You need me and I need you -- and the paper needs both of us.
Why should I? I thought it would be a novelty to have a face around here a man could look at without shuddering.
What were you when you came here five years ago? A little college girl from a School of Journalism! I took a little doll-faced mugg --
Well, go on and take it. Work for somebody else! That's the gratitude I get for --
You've had a better offer, eh?
You mean you're not coming back to work here?
What do you mean by that?
Sure you can. Come on.
You can break it, can't you?
Sure, come on. We'll have some lunch and you can tell me everything.
I haven't any hard feelings.
Let's not fight, Hildy. Tell you what. You come back to work on the paper and if we find we can't get along in a friendly way, we'll get married again.
Deny it! I'm proud of it! We beat the whole country on that story.
Was it my fault? Did I know that coal mine was going to have another cave-in? I meant to be with you on our honeymoon, Hildy -- honest I did.
Well, I don't want to brag, but I've still got the dimple -- and in the same place -- I just acted like any husband who doesn't want to see his home broken up.
Well, I meant to let you go -- but, you know, you never miss the water till the well runs dry.
Now, that's a nice thing to say.
Nonsense. You've got the old-fashioned idea that divorces are something that last forever -- till 'death us do part'. Why, a divorce doesn't mean anything today. It's only a few words mumbled over you by a judge. We've got something between us nothing can change.
Divorced me. It sort of makes a fellow lose faith in himself. It almost gives him a feeling he wasn't wanted.
You know, Hildy, I sort of wish you hadn't done it.
I notice you still remember it.
Oh, yes I would. I'd know you any time --
Maybe it was yesterday. Been seeing me in your dreams?
You know what. How long since we've seen each other?
Hello, Hildy!
What do you want?
You grey-haired old Judas!
Come on, Sheriff. We've got to get bail.
Are you referring to me, Madam?
Louie, take this lady over to Polack Mike's and lock her up. See that she doesn't take to anyone on the way.
I mean real money -- not counterfeit!
You got plenty of money?
Anybody with hair on his chest. Get 'em off the street -- anywhere. Offer them anything -- only get them.  We've got to get this desk out of here.
Beat it out and get hold of some guys.
You stay here. I'll find out everything.
Now everything's fine. She's probably squawking her head off in some police station.
Butter-fingers! I give you an old lady to take somewhere, and you hand her over to the cops!
Take that mush out of your mouth!
Don't worry, Duffy, you'll have it back by five.  Thanks, Duffy. Stick around.
Yeah! Well, I do the firing, too. Remember that, Duffy, and Keep a civil tongue in your head.
They can't do that to me!
You're crazy. Where's Mac?
What?
I'm busy, Duffy.
