Bensinger -- of the Tribune.
That's Bensinger. That's his desk.
Who is it?
I'm getting married tomorrow.
No, just a farewell appearance, batting for Sweeney. I'm going into business for myself.
Can't you say 'hello' to a fellow?
Fine.
Just a second, Walter. Here, Bruce, here's the check... And, oh, Bruce, here's your wallet. I got it back.
Here it is, Bruce. One -- two -- three -- four hundred -- and fifty dollars.
Oh, yes. Here it is.
No, I was going to give it to her -- but she left hurriedly.
Oh -- mother -- she -- I don't know where she went.
Out some place.
Oh, she was here.
Bruce, you know I'm mad about you and stop talking like that.  Walter!
We'll explain the whole thing to them.
Bruce, I know, but I was in the biggest jam --
BRUCE!! How'd you get out?
Hello, Bruce...
Well, the story's practically finished. I'll just go upstairs and send it over with a messenger.
No -- but I'm sure it'll be all right with Walter.
The Criminal Courts Building.
Yes, he is... Look, Bruce, we're taking that next train -- and when I say next train, this time I mean it!
Oh, no. How could you ever think of such a thing?
I'm sure you haven't any.
Yes, wasn't it?
The check, Bruce!
What's the matter?
Fine. And here's a kiss for you.
Hildy Johnson... Oh, hello, Bruce. Have you got it? Is it certified?
I'll be careful, darling. You be, please.
I know a lot of men who didn't do anything till they met Walter Burns. Please, dear.
Believe me, Bruce, I know what I'm doing. He'd get you in a crap game --
On second thought, would you let me have it? I'll get the tickets.
Wait a minute, Bruce. Have you got that money?
Better make that a certified check, Walter.
According to the budget, we laid out that's more than our food bill for a whole year. Listen, Bruce, I don't want Walter Burns to use me, but I'm perfectly willing to use him. How long will it take to get him examined?
And what's the matter with a thousand dollars?
Wait a minute, Bruce. What's commission on a $100,000.00 policy?
He certainly -- hic -- does!
No. It's strong.  But I like it that way.
That's what he did to me. Swept me right off my feet -- and left me lying on the floor.
He comes by it naturally. His grandfather was a snake.
You're so nice, Bruce, you think everybody else is.
It will be perfectly all right, Walter. Mother is coming with us on the train.
I'll come a-running, pardner.
My job, Bruce. I started it -- and I'll finish it.
Don't be embarrassed, Bruce. I heard it, but I just wanted to hear it again. I can stand being spoiled a little. The gentleman I'm going to have a chat with did very little spoiling.
I won't be more than ten minutes, I promise you.
You -- you!!
Sure, Heaven! You've probably thought up another coal mine to send me down in -- to get a new story for your paper!
Yes -- 'Hildy, darling'. I'm just a fool. That's what I am. I know what it's going to be like.
Walter, you can't do that!
You're not fooling anybody.
That's what he said the last time. Don't believe him, Judge.
What!
Well, I'd like to be lady-like and think it over.
What's the matter with my brains?
What would you do if it was a daughter?
Walter!
Niagara Falls! Walter, you don't mean that?
Well, maybe I'd like to know just once!
A fine honeymoon, with a murderer right in the boudoir! And that other honeymoon in a coal mine!
Thanks, Walter, but it's no good. We tried it.
It's awfully clear now. Bruce needs a wife who can give him a home -- and affection -- and peace. I couldn't do that for him, Walter. I'm what you made me -- a cheap reporter who'd give up her soul for a story!... Is that job still open?
On the nine o'clock train. That's the one he took, isn't it?
No, he won't. I wired him that I wasn't coming.
Yeah. Only -- only I'm not leaving, Walter.
Thanks.
Because I'm a newspaper woman, Heaven help me!
Don't touch me! I'm not doing it for you!
What's the difference? I'm going to write that story -- and you know it!
All right.  Heads I go -- tails I stay to write the story. Ready?
I don't know what to do, Walter.
Yeah. I suppose I could. But, Walter --
Well, if it's my last story, I'd like it to be a good one. But -- I guess I can't, Walter.
That's all right, Walter. It's as much my fault as yours.
Don't remind me. That's how we happened to --
We sure did, but we had to go in hiding for a week.
Yeah. What about the time we hid the missing heiress in the sauerkraut factory? Six scoop interviews!
We've certainly been in some swell jams.
In a way.
Worried! I was petrified. Weren't you?
How was that for a tight squeeze?
Just until we can get out a special edition asking for your impeachment.
Who did you talk to?
Hanging an innocent man to win an election!
Wait a minute!  Let go there!
No!
No, you don't! Walter!
Who says so? I'm going to the morgue -- to look --
I don't care what you say. I'm going to find Bruce's mother.  Oh-h...  I'm going out and find her!
Yes.
Oh, I see. I beg your pardon.
Hello -- hello! Is this the Lying -- In Hospital? Did you have an auto accident in the last --
Ring that number, will you?
Lafayette two-one-hundred.
Shut up, will you?  You sure? Nobody?
Hello, Max, Hildy Johnson. Was there an old lady --?
Is this the Community Hospital?
Nobody?  Morningside three-one-two-four.
Hello -- Eddie? Hildy Johnson. Was there an old lady brought in from an auto smashup?
Mission Hospital? Gimme the Receiving Room.
Gimme Western four-five-five-seven.
Louie, where'd it happen? I'm going out!
I'm looking at you -- you murderer!
I killed her. I'm responsible. Oh- h... what can I do now? How can I ever face him? Oh, I hope he never comes back!
What am I going to say to Bruce? What'll I tell him?
Don't tell me -- was she killed?
Louie!
What happened?
Where's Mrs. Baldwin?
Bruce ought to be back by now. Walter, you're not trying anything again, are you?
I'm finished.
Double-crossing swine!
Is he coming back here?
What tickets?
Where's Bruce?
Where's Butch?
All right, Walter.
Okay, Walter.
How about the time he had his house painted by the Fire Department?
Can I call the Mayor a bird of prey -- or is that libelous?
Where's some paper?
How much do you want on it?
Huh!
You can't take that desk out. It's crawling with cops outside.
That one -- how you gonna take him? They'll see him.
Whoa -- wait a minute. We can't leave Williams here. One of the other fellows'll --
Let me get at that typewriter and I'll show you how a doll-faced mugg can write!
I get it!
I'd like to think.
Wait a minute -- wasn't it Stanley who discovered Livingstone?
I know, but --
Oh, get off that trapeze!  There's your story! Smear it all over the front page -- Earl Williams caught by the Morning Post! And take all the credit -- I covered your story for you and I got myself in a fine mess doing it -- and now I'm getting out! I know I told you that twice before today -- but this time I mean it!
Let go o' me! I've got to get Bruce out of jail! Oh, Walter, why did you have to do this to me?
She jumped out of the window.
Walter! D-did you see --  -- that?
It better be fifteen minutes, because Bruce is waiting downstairs in a taxicab and that meter's clicking away to beat the band.
No, this is on the level, Walter. I'm not good enough to make this one up. The Sheriff gave his gun to the Professor, the Professor gave it to Earl, and Earl gave it right back to the Professor -- right in the stomach! Who? No, Egelhoffer wasn't hurt badly. They took him to the County Hospital where they're afraid he'll recover.
Well, I'm coming to it. It seems the Professor had to have a gun to re- enact the crime with -- and who do you suppose supplied it? Nobody else but that great thinker, Sheriff Hartman!
Well, this expert Dr. Egelhoffer, from New York, decides to make Williams re-enact the crime --
Wait a minute. Your mother's alive.
Never mind it? That's not my money! That's Bruce's money!
It cost me four hundred and fifty bucks to tear it out of Cooley.
No thanks, I've still got those. Well, I'll step into some working clothes and hop over to the Press Room for the background on this yarn. It'll be kind of fun to see the boys again, too. Remember, Bruce, it must be certified.
Yes --- and that's putting it mildly! No certified check -- no story -- Get me?
Oh, nothing! Of course, you might cancel the check. Yes! Wait a minute! What would be his first payment on that policy?
You keep out of this. Bruce, suppose you examine Mr. Burns in his office. I'll get my bag and go over to the Press Room in the Criminal Courts Building. You phone me as soon as Mr. Burns has given you his check. Then I'll go get the interview and you phone Mother that we're taking the six o'clock train.  And no tricks, Walter!
We're not interested.
I happen to know Sweeney was married only three months ago. If he's got twins this morning, I claim it was done with mirrors.
Well, it's either an act on your part or a miracle on Sweeney's.
What a performance! Bravo! Don't let him fool you, Bruce -- it's only an act!
Why, Walter, you're getting poetic!
No, Bruce, dear. Don't you see? This is a trick to get your sympathy. No, Walter, I've been waiting for something like this -- but I wasn't sure when you'd spring it. If you want to save Earl Williams' life, you can interview him yourself. You're still a good reporter. Bruce and I will be on that four o'clock train -- and thanks just the same.
The colored vote happens to be very important to the Mayor of this town.
If he's nuts, why doesn't the State just put him away?
You said it.
What now?
Thank you.
I might have, Walter, but you were never there.
I suppose I can't call this off without creating a scene -- but remember, it's your last fling.
Allow me.
And when he walks with a lady, he waits for her!
And he takes his hat off when he's with a lady.
You wouldn't believe this, Walter, but Bruce holds the door open for me.
Now you got me.
Better.
Afraid? I should say not!
Oh, better not, Walter. Wouldn't do any good.
Well, he's waiting in the anteroom for me now.
Thanks...
The quicker the better. Well -- I finally got out what I came in to tell you.  So long, Walter, and better luck next time.
Well, I'll give you a hint. By tomorrow they'll be calling me Mrs. Bruce Baldwin.
I don't know about water buffaloes, but I know about him. He's kind and sweet and considerate. He wants a home -- and children.
Well, I can, and I love it! He forgets the office when he's with me. He doesn't treat me like an errand-boy -- he treats me like a woman.
It's a good, honest business, isn't it?
He's in the insurance business.
Not what you'd call rich. Makes about five thousand a year.
Bermuda.
A journalist! Peeking through keyholes -- running after fire engines -- waking people up in the middle of the night to ask them if they think Hitler's going to start a war -- stealing pictures off old ladies of their daughters that got chased by apemen! I know all about reporters -- a lot of daffy buttinskies going around without a nickel in their pockets, and for what? So a million hired girls and motormen's wives will know what's going on! No, Walter, I'm through.
That's why I'm quitting. I want to go some place where I can be a woman.
You can't sell me that, Walter.
I tried to tell you right away but you started reminiscing. I'm getting married, Walter, and also getting as far away from the newspaper business as I can get! I'm through.
Look at this!
I'm not working for any other paper!
Please! Will you just --
Listen, you bumble-headed baboon --
Get away, Svengali.
That's what I'm afraid of. "Any time -- any place -- anywhere!"
Keep away --
No!
Well, haven't you got anybody else?
Sweeney?  Well, after all, he didn't do it on purpose, did he?
Dead?
What's the matter?
You -- you --
I wasn't satisfied! I suppose I proposed to you!
Well, the paper'll have to learn to do without me. And so will you. It just didn't work out, Walter.
Listen, Walter --
You wouldn't have taken me if I hadn't been doll-faced!
I know, Walter, but I --
You bet I've got a better offer.
That's the first time you've been right today. That's what I --
Just what I said. That's what I --
Don't tell me what to do! We're divorced -- I'm a free woman. You're not my husband and you're not my boss! And what's more, you're not going to be my boss.
No, I can't.
I have a lunch date. I just want --
Walter, you're wonderful in a loathesome sort of way. Now, would you mind keeping quiet long enough for me to tell you what I came up here for?
What?!!
Well, suppose we did? That isn't what I got married for. What's the good of -- Look, Walter, I came up here to tell you that you'll have to stop phoning me a dozen times a day -- sending twenty telegrams -- all the rest of it, because I'm --
All I know is that instead of two weeks in Atlantic City with my bridegroom, I spent two weeks in a coal mine with John Kruptzky -- age sixty-three -- getting food and air out of a tube! You don't deny that. Do you?
What home?
A fellow your age, hiring an airplane to write:  'Hildy: Don't be hasty -- remember my dimple. Walter.! It held things up twenty minutes while the Judge ran out to watch it.
Well, why did you promise me you wouldn't fight the divorce and then try and gum up the whole works?
I suppose that's true in a way. I am fond of you, Walter. I often wish you weren't such a stinker.
Holy mackerel! Look, Walter, that's what divorces are for.
Done what?
I'll always remember it. If I hadn't remembered it, I wouldn't have divorced you.
You're repeating yourself! That's the speech you made the night you proposed.  "-- any time -- any place -- anywhere!"
No -- Mama doesn't dream about you any more, Walter. You wouldn't know the old girl now.
Let's see. I was in Reno six weeks -- then Bermuda... Oh, about four months, I guess. Seems like yesterday to me.
How long is what?
Hello, Walter.  Hi, Louie -- how's the slotmachine king?
Why, I'm surprised, Mr. Burns. That's no way to talk to your wife -- even if she's no longer your wife.
First we talk. How did Earl Williams get that gun?
Four hundred and fifty dollars. Is it a deal?
A lot of money.  Four hundred and fifty dollars --
There's money in it, Cooley.
Cooley, I want to talk to you.
I thought so. Come on, I'm in a hurry.
Say, isn't this your twenty dollars?
I want to interview Earl Williams, Warden. How about a little service?
Aw, why don't you let her alone? She's ill!
A fine bunch of reporters. Biggest story in two years and they're too lazy to go after it.
Give me a hand with her, will you?
Came up here -- had hysterics and passed out. I've been trying to get her to come to.
Run down and get some smelling salts, will you?
Mollie, drop down here! You've fainted!
All right -- all right!
Just a second, Mike ---  Mollie, I got it!
Three bullets! Any good?
I know, I just want to give him a thrill.
Good. Now I want to ask you fellows a couple of questions. Did Earl Williams know what he was doing when he fired that gun?
Gus, this --
Oh, I'm sorry, Gus! My foot must have slipped.
No -- just coffee, Gus.
I guess so.
Oh -- I'll take the same, I guess. And coffee.
How's everything, Gus?
That's murder!
He can't hurt anybody. You've got his gun.
He's harmless.
With a bag of marshmallows.
He went over to the hospital to call on Professor Egelhoffer.
I've got a right to carry a gun if I want to.
What do I know about Williams?
Nobody's trying to put anything over on you. I'm getting out of here and you can't stop me!
You can send somebody with me if you don't believe me!
I don't know anything, I tell you. There's been an accident.
Let me go!  Fellows, something's happened to my mother-in-law.
Take your paws off me!
Let go o' me. What's the idea?
That's awful kind of you, Sheriff. I've got to get started on my interview. See you later.
No, thanks Sheriff. I'm leaving town tonight.
Oh, nothing much. Just that the state had proved he was sane -- and he admits it himself. If you don't want me to run it --
All right, then, I'll just run the story that Sheriff Hartman is afraid to let reporters interview his prisoner. Of course, with election coming, that might do you a lot of harm, but just as you say.
Same way you did.  Through that gate.
You'll take fifty and like it!
You can let him out on bail, can't you?
All right. You can't. But tomorrow the Post will run the story of that roulette game on 43rd Street that your brother-in-law runs. And we'll print that you get five hundred a month for forgetting about it!
Don't Hildy me! Are you going to let him out?
And who accused him? Diamond Louis! One of the worst crooks in town! Why don't you arrest Louis instead of innocent people that he frames?
Let him out of here, Lieutenant.
Nobody's going to rush me into anything!  You keep away from me!
-- You were with her. You were in the cab, weren't you?
What did you do with her?
Oh-h-h... was she hurt?
Where's the old lady?
Wait a minute, Walter. You can't do that!
Editorials?
There goes another scrub lady.
Give me that!
Who is it?
Gentlemen of the Press! Always picking on somebody who can't defend himself -- the littler the better.
Any news?
I'll take it.  What's the matter, Mr. Burns -- don't you understand English? -- Why, your language is shocking, Mr. Burns -- positively shocking! I don't mind because I was married to you and know what to expect, but suppose Central is listening in... Oh, did you hear that, Central? We ought to report him, don't you think?... Oh, fooey on you!
This is Hildy Johnson...  Oh, I can give it up all right. Without a single quiver. I'm going to live like a human being -- not like you rats.  Oh, is that you, Walter dear? Oh, I didn't mean "dear." That was just habit, I guess. Oh, be yourself, Walter. I've got some news for you... Yes, I got the interview, but I've got some news that's more important.
It's getting so a girl can't step out of the room without being discussed by a bunch of old ladies.  Hello, Post... Mr. Walter Burns, please.
Well, anyhow, I won't be covering stuff like this any more.
Look out, you --
What's the matter with you boys? Afraid it might rain? If you want to go, I'll cover this end.
If Walter Burns calls, hold the wire for me, will you? I'll be right back.
No -- what?
I thought so, too.
I made it up just now, and who's asking you?  I know it's silly, honey, but do it for me, won't you?... Yes, right now.
But, Bruce, don't keep it in your wallet!... Well, you see --  -- there's an old newspaper superstition that the first big check you get you -- you put in the lining of your hat. That brings you good luck for ten years.
Nothing doing. I'm playing for keeps.
I don't know why you boys are so good to me.
And up a dime.
No -- and you don't know that your cheap boss has had Mr. Baldwin arrested again -- do you?
You know it is!
None of that innocent stuff, you double-crossing hyena! You stuck Bruce Baldwin in jail this afternoon on a phony charge that he swiped your watch, and you frisked his wallet! Now, give me that wallet or I'll stick you in jail and it won't be on any phony charge either! It'll be for life!
So long, nothing! Where's Bruce Baldwin's wallet?
Here!
Where's the money?
Come on with that money!
Four hundred and fifty and I'll cut your throat if you try any tricks!
Have you got my dough?
Mother!
Well -- I was going, but Mollie fainted away and I thought I ought to do what I could.
From all I can get the Sheriff let him out so's he could vote for him.
'Kings and sixes The pot affixes'... Poetry. I learned that at my grandma's knee.
Kings and sixes.
Mother! Oh, I'm so glad to see you! Are you all right? Tell me.
Mother!
I don't know what she's talking about. I never said any such thing.
Mother, I can explain everything. I'll go with you in five minutes and --
Mother!
We'll get you out in ten minutes.
Stop screaming, Mollie or we're sunk. I'm trying to think of something before those reporters get back.
How'd you get here, Earl?
Quiet, Mollie, quiet!
Sure I do, Earl.
Don't talk too loud.
Well, maybe you think I could!
Earl, you must never do that again.
I don't blame you, Earl.  If I were in your place I wouldn't trust anybody, either.
Earl, there's just one thing I ought to clear up for the interview.
Sure you could, Earl -- but you wouldn't want to do that, would you? You wouldn't want to kill anybody.
Earl, you don't want to hurt your friends, do you?
You're not going to shoot me, Earl. I'm your friend, remember? I've got to write that story about your "Production for Use".
Put down that gun, Earl.
I won't, Earl.
Isn't that her picture?
No, Earl, not at all.  Who sent you the flowers, Earl?
Very simple, Earl.
Is that how you came to shoot the policeman?
Yes, that makes a lot of sense, Earl.
"Production for use only." Well, maybe that's the answer.
How would you go about applying the Golden Rule, Earl?
What are your beliefs, Earl?
You didn't mean to kill that policeman?
Are you all right, now?
Shut up, you!
Never mind! Just play dead.
I'm coming!  Keep dead quiet. Don't even breathe.
Ssh!
Quiet, Mollie!
Mollie, they haven't got him. You gotta help me, Mollie! We've got to do something!
Wait a minute, Mollie.
They're newspaper men, Mollie. They can't help themselves. The Lord made them that way.
Come on, Mollie. This is no place for you.
