What did you say your name was -- Pinkus?
He's insane or drunk or something. Why, if this unfortunate man, Williams, has really been reprieved, I personally am tickled to death. Aren't you, Pete?
That's absurd on the face of it, Mr. Burns! He's talking like a child.
The power of the press, huh!
All the lawyers in the world aren't going to help you!
Your luck's not with you now!
So do you what, you hoodoo!  And now, Mr. Pinkus, if you'll come with us, we'll take you over to the Warden's office and deliver this reprieve.
Walter, I can't tell you how badly I feel about this. There was no excuse for Hartwell to fly off the handle.
Take those handcuffs off our friends, Pete. That wasn't at all necessary.
I never saw him before!
You drunken idiot! Arrest him! The idea of coming here with a cock-and- bull story like that!
Who is this man?
Well! Looks like about ten years apiece for you birds!
A sight for sore eyes!
Fine work, Pete! You certainly delivered the goods. I'm proud of you.
Now take that guilty look off your face, Pete -- and stop trembling like a horse.
Nobody reprieved that policeman he murdered. Now, do as I tell you.
Shoot to kill, I said.
All right. Tell 'em to shoot to kill.
We'll fix that, too.
Now what do you say?
How would you like to have a job for three hundred and fifty dollars a month. That's almost a hundred dollars a week!
Cover up that transmitter!
Tell 'em to hold the wire.
What is it?
And you can tell 'em as an afterthought that I want your resignation now!
Tell 'em the party is through in this State on account of you.
Dementia praecox Oh-h-h!
Pure politics!
And you fell for it, Pete. It frightens me what I'd like to do to you.  Who else knows about this?
I know it! But they've got nothing to do with this case! Do you realize there are two hundred thousand votes at stake and unless we hang Earl Williams we're going to lose 'em?
Williams ain't a Red, and you know it!
We're up against a lot more than that with that nutty slogan you invented: 'Reform the Reds With a Rope'.
If there was any way out...
I wish you wouldn't talk like that, Pete.
Now, Pete! Please don't appeal to my Sentimental side.
I mean I'm scratching your name off the ticket Tuesday and running Czernecki in your place. It's nothing personal. And, Pete -- it's the only way out. It's a sacrifice we all ought to be glad to make.
Pete, you're through!
Twelve dollars! -- For those rheumatic uncles of yours?  Out shooting everybody they see for the fun of it?
Four hundred! Do you want to bankrupt this administration?
Pete, I've got a mighty unpleasant task to perf --
Did you actually give Williams that gun?
Pete, I want to talk to you!
I understand perfectly, Mr. Pinkus, and as long as I am Mayor --
A very fine-looking women.
You're insane!
Get out of here!
No! It's easy -- it's very easy!
I'll explain it tomorrow!
All right, Mr. Pinkus, all you've got to do is lay low and keep your mouth shut. Here!  Go to this address. It's a nice, homey little place, and they'll take care of you for the night. Just tell 'em Fred sent you. And here's fifty dollars on account.
Come in and see me in my office tomorrow. What's your name?
No, it doesn't.  Now, remember: you never delivered this.  You got caught in the traffic, or something.  Now, get out of here and don't let anybody see you.
No, they wouldn't -- they'd gain one! And I guarantee that they'll graduate with highest honors!
For heaven's sake, why not?
But you could bring 'em in here! We'll pay all your expenses.
Why not?
Yes, yes!
The City Sealer's office!
Now, listen. There's a fine opening for a fellow like you in the City Sealer's office.
Who do you think!
How much do you make a week? What's your salary?
How much do you make a week?
Now, listen! You never arrived here with this -- reprieve. Get it?
Fishing! Duckshooting! How do you like that. A guy does nothing more strenuous for forty years than play pinochle -- he gets elected Governor and right away he thinks he's Tarzan!
Get the Governor on the phone!
What's from the Governor?
What do you want?
