And to prove to the voters that the Red Menace is on the level, the Sheriff has written himself four more letters, threatening his life. I know he wrote 'em on account of the misspellings.
Ready? The Sheriff's just put two hundred more relatives on the payroll to protect the city against the Red Army -- which is leaving Moscow in a couple of minutes.  Up a dime.
This is Murphy. More slop on the hanging.
Hello, Harvard! Got anything new on the hanging?
I'll have it in a minute.
Come on, Pinky! Give 'em a little third degree.
Where is he, before we beat it out of you?
Come on, you! Before we slap you down.
Oh, you two are pals now -- I think you're right, Endicott. Mollie did give her some kind of story.
Say, Hildy, if I know you, you sound pretty anxious to get rid of us. Are you trying to scoop us or something?
Who engineered this getaway?
So have we!
The Crime Commission has offered a reward of ten thousand dollars for Williams' capture.
Boy, did you see her go?
You guys wanna play some more poker?
She says she's gonna write fiction.
Well, a guy can win when Hildy ain't around.
What have you got, Hildy?
Yeah? What did he ever do for his country?
That must be the tenth alienist they've had on Williams. Even if he wasn't crazy before, he would be after ten of those babies got through psychoanalyzing him.  Gimme the desk.
Where is he?
Howard Shenken, the Sheriff's uncle on his mother's side --
The names are Merwyn D. Mayor, who is the Mayor's brother-in-law --
Four of Mr. Hartman's Deputy Sheriffs were rushed to the hospital --
This tear bomb went off unexpectedly in the hands of Sheriff Hartman's Bombing Squad.
Hiding him where?
Some Hallowe'en goin' on outside. The whole police force standing on it's ear.
Hildy, I thought you were gone --
Any dope yet on how he got out?
That's good.
-- tried to shoot it out with the cops but his gun wouldn't work, so --
We want to see you.
There she is!
Come on, fellas.
Sure, Mollie, you never looked better in your life.
Look out where you're aiming, will you?
Hello, Mollie.
If you ask us, no. If you ask the state alienists, the answer is yes.
