No, he should talk to you alone.
I'm going to take Marge for a little walk, Tom. Mr MacCarron wants to talk with you.
Perhaps you didn't mention them because there's only one conclusion to be drawn.
Marge has been telling us about the rings.
Tom.
Well, if we all pushed him away what about him pushing us away? You've been a great friend to my son. Everything is someone else's fault. We all want to sow wild oars. Somebody's got to -- what's the word?  The moment someone confronts him he lashes out. He lashes out. You know, people always say you can't choose your parents, but you can't choose your children.
And his passport photo? Did you hear? To scratch out your own face like that -- can you imagine -- the frame of mind you'd have to be in?  I've thought about going to the police but I can't face it. I can't face anything anymore.
No, Marge doesn't know the half of it.
He's being thorough, that's all. I'm learning about my son, Tom, now he's missing. I'm learning a great deal about him. I hope you can fill in some more blanks for me. Marge has been good enough to do that, about Mongibello.
Marge, good morning. Unusual weather.
Far cry from New York.
Tom. How are you? You look well.
Good. Now you can go for a reason.
Could you ever conceive of going to Italy, Tom, persuade my son to come home?  I'd pay you. I'd pay you 1000 dollars.
I see you were at Princeton. Then you'll most likely know our son, Dick. Dickie Greenleaf...
Most enjoyable. Herbert Greenleaf.
Marge, there's female intuition, and then there are facts --
What a waste of lives and opportunities and --
You don't want to, dear. I'd like to talk to Tom alone -- perhaps this afternoon? Would you mind? Marge, what a man may say to his sweetheart and what he'll admit to another fellow --
This theory, the letter he left for you, the Police think that's a clear indication he was planning on doing something... to himself.
San Remo. The police are amateurs. Well, my boy, it's come to a pretty pass, hasn't it?
Pretty good. Sticking with hot water.
