He told me everything. I was supposed to meet him fifteen minutes ago, so I... I'm going to go now, I think. Unless he meant us to meet -- which would be a little cruel, wouldn't it?
Marge, I don't know you, so I have no right, but Dickie loves you. He's -- I think you'll find he's coming home to you.
You were at the Opera? Well, that explains -- yes I was there. I was there with Dickie.
Dickie, are you with Peter Smith- Kingsley? I bet you are. My aunt thought she saw him.
So -- are you travelling under R?
You know, the whole world thinks you killed Freddie? It's terrible.
You're kidding.
When I thought about you I was mostly hating you. Where've you been hiding?
And co. A lot of co. Oh, God, I've thought about you so much.
Hardly. I couldn't be less alone.
What?
I was looking at you, your clothes, I wouldn't have known you...
Dickie, my God!
I don't -- is that by the Spanish Steps?
Will you meet me tomorrow? Just to say goodbye in the daylight, properly? So it's not just this, it's too... you should always save pain for daylight...
Beating you away.
No, I absolutely understand. Of course.
Don't worry. Really. Don't worry.
Okay then, you're crazy.
You're crazy! It's freezing out there.
I thought you were enjoying yourself?
Show me the other one again.  I like them both.
I've never admitted that to anyone.
The truth is if you've had money your entire life, even if you despise it, which we do -- agreed? -- you're only truly comfortable around other people who have it and despise it.
Sorry, I wouldn't have made a joke if --
Now? I don't think so. But I've met him, of course, and we've chatted and I know about you and Marge and Mongi and what an unreliable rat you are. Freddie said you were a rat and I thought to myself now I know why he travels under R.
Everybody knows Freddie Miles.
At Christmas. To Cortina with Freddie Miles and --
But you're going skiing with us Yankees, aren't you?
Right.
As in the Textile Logues. Trying to shrug off the dress. I travel under my mother's name, too.
The funny thing is, I'm not Randall either. I'm Logue.
Which is?
So now, did they put your suitcase in the wrong pile? It's just -- upstairs -- weren't you under the R stand? I thought I saw you there.
You're not the Shipping Greenleaf's?
Hello.
I'm Meredith, by the way. Meredith Randall.
No, it's just -- you are American, aren't you? -- no, I just, I have so much luggage, and you're so, uh, streamlined. It's humiliating.
What's your secret?
