No, there's nothing you have to say to me. I'm getting out, Scottie. For good. I can't stay here. I'm winding up her affairs, and mine. I'm going to get as far away as I can. Probably Europe. And I'll probably never come back.  Good-bye, Scottie. If there's anything I can do for you before I go...
He had no right to say that. It was my responsibility. You didn't know her. I shouldn't have got you involved.
Natural fear. Her grandmother went insane and took her own life. And the blood is in Madeleine.  Scottie, I ask you to watch her closely.
Her mother told me most of then before she died. I dug out the rest for myself, here.
She is not my wife.
Nothing.
But she doesn't know, about her background.  She never heard of Carlotta Valdes.
Great-grandmother. The child who was taken from her whose loss drove Carlotta mad and to her death - was Madeleine's grandmother.
Something else. My wife, Madeleine, has several pieces of jewelry that belonged to Carlotta. She inherited them. Never wore them, they were too old-fashioned... until now. Now, when she is alone, she gets them out and looks at them handles them gently, curiously... puts them on and stares at herself in the mirror... and goes into that other world... is someone else again.
Oh, yes. You noticed the way she does her hair.
I didn't know where she was going to lead you.
Yes.
You've done well, Scottie. You're good at your job.
All right.  You won't know what to look for at first, Scottie. Even I, who know her so well, cannot tell, sometimes, when the change has begun. She looks so lovely and normal...
We're going to an opening at the opera tonight. We'll dine at Ernie's first.  Which is easier?
Scottie, I need a friend!  Someone I can trust! I'm in a panic about this!
I want you.
Yes, but carefully. I'd want to know more before committing her to that kind of care.  Scottie --
The speedometer of her car showed she had driven 94 miles that day. Where did she go?  I have to know, Scottie. Where she goes and what she does, before I got involved with doctors.
Watched her come out of the apartment, someone I didn't know... walking in a different way... holding her head in a way I didn't know; and get into her car, and drive out to...  Golden Gate Park. Five miles. She sat on a bench at the edge of the lake and stared across the water to the old pillars that stand an the far shore, the Portals of the Past. Sat there a long time, not moving... and I had to leave, to got to the office. That evening, when I came home, I asked what she'd done all day. She said she'd driven to Golden Gate Park and sat by the lake. That's all.
More and more in the past few weeks. And she wanders. God knows where she wanders. I followed her one day.
I'm not making it up. I wouldn't know how. She'll be talking to me about something, nothing at all, and suddenly the words fade into silence and a cloud comes into her eyes and they go blank... and she is somewhere else, away from me... someone I don't know. I call to her and she doesn't hear. And then with a long sigh she is back, and looks at me brightly, and doesn't know she's been away... can't tell me where... or why...
No, it sounds idiotic, I know. And you're still the hard-headed Scot, aren't you? Always were. Do you think I'm making it up?
Then you're of no use to me. I'm sorry I wasted your time. Thank you for coming in, Scottie.
If I told you I believe that his happened to my wife, what would you say?
Scottie, do you believe that someone out of the past, someone dead, can enter and take possession of a living being?
Someone dead.
I'm afraid some harm may come to her.
Not what you think. We're very happily married.
Would you like a drink now?
I was sorry to read about that thing in the papers.  And you've quit the force.  A permanent physical disability?
Shouldn't you be sitting down?
I'd like to have lived here then. The color and excitement... the power...  the freedom.
San Francisco's changed. The things a that spell San Francisco to me are disappearing fast.
Almost a year.
No. But one assumes obligations. My wife's family is all gone; someone has to look after her interest. Her father's partner runs the company yard in the East -- Baltimore -- so I decided as long as I had to work at it, I'd come back here. I've always liked it here.
No, to be honest, I find it dull.
I married into it.
