Now Ann ...
Am actually laying my hand on the twenty-five foot gorilla.Ladies and gentlemen! I am touching the beast!
I thought that with your assistance we could have the premiere at the Albert Hall. We'll take out a full page ad in Variety - "The Lord Darrow Benefit screening". We'll invite the King of England - hell, we'll get the whole Royal Family along! It'd be good for them and good for us!
Miss Darrow ... I've been thinking. I would very much like to dedicate this motion picture to the memory of your father. It's a great shame he wasn't able to join us on this adventure. Truly a wonderful man.
I hope it fits ... Mrs Denham's a big lady.
Kong is a myth, nothing but a native superstition, Miss Darrow. All we're going to find on that island are some primitive people in grass skirts. Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm trying to reduce my handicap.
Does this look like the "Queen Mary"?? We don't take passengers! Full steam ahead, Captain Engelhorn!
You're outta your depth here, Miss Darrow!
Hi - Carl Denham. I'm A big admirer of your work, sir. I've loved all your discoveries. I really want to work closely with you on this incredible find. It'll be good for you and good for me.
They' re dead.
We should never have come! I pay you good money, only to have my life endangered. You'll be hearing from my lawyer!
Well, that was a monumental waste of time! I pay good money, only to be taken on some wild goose chase!  I made the mistake of trusting my idiot translator!
I'm chartering this vessel,Engelhorn - how many days?
We need those co-ordinates -someone's gotta get back there and jot the rest of it down
What a climax to the film - The first white men to set foot on ...  "Skull Island"  Twentieth Century man comes face to face with a ... a ... naked stone age tribe!
A man eater! Fantastic!  Making history, Herb
That's too bad.
Y'know ... traditional ceremonies where the woman ... divest themselves of their undergarments.
Tell me Mr Ginting - are there any parts of your country where people still wear ... native costume?
Exotic lands, primitive people, dangerous animals ... That's what the public expect from a Carl Denham picture! Lead us into the mountains, Sir!
And I appreciate that so much, I really do - a sentiment that will be shared by audiences across America when they view my latest documentary sensation "Indonesia ...Hell Hole of the World". Ernie Hemmingway's agreed to write the narration. We're going out through Universal ... Laemmale's promised me fifteen hundred screens.
Pleased to meet you ... Hi, bow's it going? Pleased to meet you! Hi, Carl Denham ... How's it going?
It must have been terrifying?
Did you fear for your life?
Are you nervous Jack?
She's got a bit of an attitude, that girl. She's turned down a bunch of money. Too bad ... it would've been a great angle - "Beauty and the Beast".  I must be getting old - I thought you two had something going there.
How about Ann? Is she going with you?
I can't get back to the wall! I'll get eaten!
The girl's dead, Driscoll. There's no point continuing on.
I'm calling a wrap. We're heading back to the ship.
Set up the camera boys! Get a shot of me comin' ashore!
Yeah? ... Well, I gave 'em a taste of American lead ... and I don't see 'em coming back for seconds!
Hey! I thought these things were supposed to be extinct!
Kong ...
Holy shit! Look at the size of that!
Jack ... You get to save the girl and I get my third act! It's gonna be good for you and good for me!
What was it, Jack?
Did you see her?
