Yeah, see you bright and early Monday am.  Say, where's the wife?
Don't see how. I think the public's had its fill of this gangster stuff. No, trust me -- disaster pics. And air hockey.
Well, hey, isn't that a one-in-a million coincidence. A real dreamer, Jim Williams, eh?
Clair, George Clair! What the hell brings you to New Canaan?
Up the organization!  Bastard.
Got a meeting uptown.
Overpriced bomb, cost over $6 million -- no stars, and no one's into the horror genre these days anyway. I'm advising the company recommend reducing positions there. It's disaster films that are gonna stay at the top.
Gotcha George, not a problem. Tomorrow. Hey, you want to start covering the old filmed entertainment sector yourself?
Paul? Yeah. You think --
Yeah. Well, we can just --
Do you think? Maybe we should call someone --
Sure. I'll try. And we'll talk in the morning?
I'll drive you --
Elena.
Ready to go?
Elena, you're just getting wound up to get wound up.
Elena, it's not what you think. It's not a big plot. Honestly. Honestly. I don't know if you want to go over this now, but it's just something that comes over me. I don't feel good about it. I know I've done what I didn't want to do. I don't know --
Elena.
I'm not.
I'm not staying at this party so we can go home with someone else's wife. That's not why we're here, right? We're simply being neighbors here, and I think we should do just that --
I think we're here and we don't have to stay -- we ought simply to put in an appearance and then we can head home.
Yeah, well, if we'd understood we could have invented some kind of excuse. A key party -- did you see how stuffed that bowl was already?
I know, I know. I had no idea --
Oh, yeah. Yeah, we'll be right back, Dot.
You've...
Sure I do. Do I know what loneliness feels like? Sure I do. I know a lot about it, if that's what you mean.
What else could I be? What else could I be? We're not living in the real world here. You're living out some fantasy land from the past, or some advice or something from those psychoanalysts... there are some hard facts here.
Well, what kind of faithfulness are you after?
Am I unfaithful? Is that what you're trying to say?
Listen, Elena, if you're gonna pull that passive aggressive stuff on me again --
Elena, what are you're talking about?
What do you mean?
What's on your mind? Don't --
You think I --
No advice from the experts, huh?
What's for dessert?
Yeah, that one.
Oh, just dropping off a coffee cup. Jim left it, last time he was over. It was on the dash of the car. You were, you know, reading, thought I'd just catch some air. Let's eat.
I get you loud and clear... hey, you look nice.
In the basement over at Janey and Jim's. With that weirdo Mikey. Not even a TV on. And they're on the floor and he's got his trousers down though thank goodness she's still dressed. Well, I really let him have it!  ... and Wendy came home peacefully... Hey, should I dress for the Halford's now, or - give me your -
You go dry off now.
Stuffed and baking.
What?
Yikes -- I was hoping to wear this thing to the Halford's Friday.
Hell, I know. I -- I guess if you want to accuse me, you've got --  Oh hell! I've got to pick up Paul. I almost forgot.
You have to bring this up now? What? Did I do something here? Is that it? Is it something I did?
Whatever that means Elena -- And you complain about me not communicating... I thought it was --
You crying?
You know Elena, I've been thinking--
I do. I'm -- are you...?
Um, yes.
You all right there?
Oh yeah. Musk, or something. You like it?
Rough day. Good night.
I'm, uh, going to bed.
Well, it is a neighborhood tradition.
You want to go?
Good night.
Elena.
Yeah but Elena, even you don't believe all that "I'm OK. You're OK" stuff you keep babbling about -- you say so yourself. I've been all ears for about ten years now on his subject, and --
Oh not again Elena! If we've got problems, why can't you just come out and talk about them.
Then again, why should she be? I mean with us, with our...
Why shouldn't she be?
That shrink -- the one you always wanted me to see? I thought you dropped him.
I wasn't star--
And as usual no one believed me...
Gotcha.
OK, OK, the defense rests.  Want another?
Libbets? What kind of name is Libbets?
Ah let the guy have his fun. What's the name of this girl with the Park Avenue address?
Stay out of trouble.
Thanks.
Um, Paul. On second thought, can you do me a favor and pretend I never said any of that.
All the more reason for this little heart to heart... great.
Holy! Well. If you're worried about anything, just feel free to ask, and, uh, we can look it up.
Well, the whole gamut. Facts of life and all. Some fatherly advice, because, I tell you, there's things happening that you're probably old enough... well...  For example, on the self-abuse front -- now this is important - it's not advisable to do it in the shower -- it wastes water and electricity and because we all expect you to be doing it there in any case -- and, um, not onto the linen, and not on your sister's underwear or any clothing belonging to your mother --
You know Paul, I've been thinking, maybe this is as good a time as any to have a little talk, you know, about -- well --
Well it's good to see you -- we miss you around the house and all, but this St. Peter's, it's top of the line, eh?
Anyone special? You know...
Grades?
Classes?
So how's school treating you?
Lab experiments? Right smart guy -- Paul, you know your mother's gonna be disappointed not to see more of you -- In fact, let me make this more than a simple request guy, I think you should...
Well good. Just confirming. You'll be on the 3:50 Wednesday afternoon.
Hey guy. Things ok up there? You all right?
I just can't believe you could be so --
Jimmy? Jimmy? I don't know how to take this. And what do you mean, Jimmy? I thought you said you and your husband --
What?
Don't bullshit me around, Janey. Jesus Christ, I waited around for more than half an hour, in nothing but my boxer shorts, and -- and what's all that about? What the hell happened?
Damn right, but where the hell were you?
Right. Gotcha.
Huh?
Yeah, but, I -- I've been working a lot lately, and -- No, that's not it. I guess we've just been on the verge of saying something, whatever it is, just saying something to each other. On the verge.
Maybe it's all for the better, you know? Yesterday, at dinner, well, she hasn't said anything... has she acted funny to you, I mean, have you noticed anything?
After the Thanksgiving I had, I need it. You having one?
Gotcha.
You have a point there. That's a very good point. We're having an affair. Right. An explicitly sexual relationship. Your needs. My needs. You're absolutely right.
Yeah?
It's like farming. I am basically chewing up large tracts of expensively landscaped scenery with overpriced sticks, and George Clair has obviously, in the mere two years since he joined the firm, he has obviously been taking secret lessons with a golf pro, and I assume the entirety of his disposable income has been devoted to humiliating me on the golf course. And the guy talks - incessantly -- throughout the entirety of the miserable 18 holes - on topics that are the supposed domain of my department --
C'mon.
Your toes cold?
I mean, he's not serious, he'll end up living off Janey and Jim, you watch. It's just that you develop a sense when you get older, if things are going to work out or if they won't, and sometimes it's not worth the mess...
Look, kiddo, don't worry about it. I really don't care that much. I'm just not sure he's good enough, that's all.
I'm not interested in your smart ass remarks now, lady. Let's go. Right now. You and I can discuss it on the walk home.
Who else would I be talking to? And take that thing off!
What do I think? I think you're probably touching each other. I think you're touching that reckless jerk-off, for god's sake, and I think he's trying to get into your slacks. I think, at fourteen years of age, that you're getting ready to give up your girlhood --
What the hell are you kids doing down here?
Jesus all right enough!
What you been up to?
I'm picking up Paul at the station - want to come?
Good night kiddo.
If I were a fascist I would have sent you to one of those Southern military academies a long time ago. Now get to bed.
Get to sleep young lady -- and I mean it.
That was a joke? You don't tell jokes.
What?
Oh. Elena wanted to know when we could expect you on Thanksgiving. It's just going to be you this year.
Alright dad. But you sold the house, you didn't tell anyone, including the IRS, and I'd of certainly liked to have seen if there was any old stuff --
But I -- well maybe I love her. Elena.
But...
-- 73
-- What advice? You never --
But dad, you guys truly hated each other, I mean really hated each --
Well, Elena and I have kind of been talking, not really talking, but --
Actually it's not about work, it's advice about --
You know, dah--
I was actually trying to see about getting a little advice, you know --
-- Well what am I supposed to call you?
We don't have to always go to your club, dad.
Darn it, Dave.
It's what?
Good shit.
Thanks for the advice Dave.
