Oh you know, for a minute I thought it was --
Ben, I don't think he wants us here.
The phone's out.
We'll talk in the morning.
You'll get some sleep on the couch out there?
Ben.
Ben, I've got a ride home. Maybe you should sleep this one off on the couch here?
We're not going anywhere.
Thanks for the diagnosis, Ben. Thank you. So let's just go to this fiasco if that's what you want to do. Let's just go on in. I'd rather talk to anyone else but you.
Well, I'm really pleased to hear a confession.
You have some marker, that's what I think, if you want to know the truth. You have some marker and you're going to put it on the house keys so that Janey can find them and then when I get back to the house I'll find the two of you in there and Wendy'll be able to hear you and Paul will be back and he'll hear you and I'll catch you, that's what I think. She'll be swearing and banging against the wall and I'll catch --
You're not going to --
Damn it, Ben --
Well?
That this was going to be a key party?
This just isn't the best moment for this.
In the car.
Benjamin. That's supposed to explain it?
Oh lord. You think I'm so dense. And now you want to be seen with your dense wife at the cocktail party. You want to wear that ridiculous shirt which doesn't go with those pants at all. You want to wear that, and you want me to shake hands with your friends and make conversation and dress up in an outfit that shows a lot of cleavage and you're not going to accord me the respect of talking honestly about this... You don't really know what this feels like.
If you're going to insult me --
It's a starting place.
Your unfaithfulness -- that's what I'm trying to talk about. Your unfaithfulness. Your betrayal. Your dalliance. And you won't do me the dignity of being up front about it.
I'm not surprised.
Don't be dim.
It wouldn't make a pleasant evening, if that's what you're after. I don't want to talk about it. Stupid mustache cup.
I have no idea.
Don't start.
See for yourself.
That one.
Oh right. The mustache coffee cup. The one that was sitting on the dash.
So what were you doing in the Williams' basement anyway?
Up to you. I'd like to go early and leave pretty soon after that.
Dinner in ten minutes.
The turkey in?
Leave it -- I'll wash it for you.
That shirt?
I wasn't accusing you, Ben. It's just that we've got to be honest. Not just with ourselves, but with the children.
No, I didn't mean to sound negative. It was -- But Ben.  What is going to happen with us? Have you --
I'm just sad Ben -- I mean it was... you were, but, you know. I just don't know...
Ben, maybe no talking right now? If you start talking, you're going to--
I... I think I am...
Because you like it on your turkey sandwiches.
Oh. Sure, I -- Did you remember to pick up the cranberry sauce?
Hmm. Good night.
So early?
What do you think?
The Halfords have invited us again this year.
Good night.
-- And you haven't moved out yet. It's because you're too lazy, Ben. Too scared or lazy to either deal with us or simply make a decision --
It's you Ben who needs to talk. I've had my say, and I'm waiting to hear back from you.
So maybe you'll come too?
I did, but -- somebody should probably see her, talk to her... You think she's ok?
I've been thinking, Ben, about Wendy. I was going to ask if she'd come with me sometime to meet Dr. Woolens.
You're staring at me.
Don't be so modest, Ben. It's a job that requires a certain prescience with regards to entertainment trends. You were the first to predict that Billy Jack would be a hit --
No thank you. We should be off.
I suppose we'll make an appearance.
Thank you Janey.
A key party?
Sure. Maybe coffee.
Yeah. You?
Maybe you just need -- look, can you wait here a sec, I need to tidy up -- just a minute, I'll be right back. You'll wait?
Well, we can talk about it.
Jim, maybe we should just go. I've got to look in on the kids. Paul is supposed to be coming back in from the city.
Okay. Shall we clean up around here first? Do you think it's all right--
Now don't make me feel as if I'm being too forward, OK? If you don't --
My husband is probably passed out in the bathroom, or at least he wishes he were. I've been married to him for 17 years and I don't have any intention of going in there to get him... so what I'm proposing is that since your wife has gone off with a boy, and since you are standing here alone, I'm proposing that you and I do what makes sense. Stay warm. Pass some time. That's all.
Well, maybe they have one of those filter jobs in the kitchen --
You couldn't have hoped for much better when you came up the walk.
Let me.
It'll warm you up.
Just bundle up. It's supposed to freeze tonight. We'll see you in the morning.
What sort of problems are you planning exactly?
I suppose. Why?
We're going to the Halford's. The number's on the calendar in the kitchen. We should be home around 11.
Well, I'm sure your father and I would love to hear what you're playing these days. Maybe after dinner.
I thought you quit the band - I never hear you practice anymore.
Oh Wendy.
We've been through this Wendy James Taylor was actually at that clinic up near Boston.
The people at Silver Meadows aren't psychos.
Wendy, of course. I'm sorry. You must think I'm ripe to be checked into Silver Meadows.
Weightless almost -- as if I were seeing my own memories of being a girl. There was something internal about it.
Mikey Williams?
Who?
I saw you on your bike today.
Hi Wendy.
Thanks for the lift. If the bike's any bother--
I'm that predictable? No, you don't have to answer that. It's just that with the kids almost grown --
How'd you know?
I'm thinking of going back to school.
I used to know how to cook.
Thanks again. For the dinner.
Of course.
Oh.
It's not a bother.
I'm going to try hard not to understand the implications of that simile.
You're here... I'm a bit surprised.
Reverend Edwards.
I'm afraid people around here provide her with quite a bit to gossip about.  Take care.
And you're still trying to get me into bed.
But not too ashamed.
I'm sorry. That was stupid of me. I didn't mean to be so rude.
I would say it sounds like you're trying to get me into bed.
That's right.
All well and good -- But tell me again what is it exactly that you believe in?
You're saying that Christ is the child, and --
Forget what?
My daughter. I haven't been on a bike for years.  When was the last time you rode a bike?
I suppose my reluctance was the group aspect of it -- I've never been much of a joiner, although I still consider myself a somewhat religious person --
Yes, it was -- I ended up --
Yes.
