Libbets. Libbets Casey.
See you.
Sure dad.
Uh, dad, you know I'm 16.
About?
Yeah.
Hnnn.
Fine.
Good.
All right.
Well dad, actually I thought I'd take the morning train on Thanksgiving -- got a lot of studying, papers, you know, lab experiments --
I'm fine dad.
Hi dad.
One for you and one for me.
Check it out. Not for the faint of heart.
And whence has yon virginal maiden absconded?
Huh?
Francis. You gonna leave the seeds in there? In the binding like that?
Shit. You're not planning --
What do you mean?
What?
Sleep all day. I mean, look, it's already getting dark outside, and you're just getting up.
How can you do that man?
Flame on, asshole.
Where you going?
No more man. I'm about to drop as it is.
I gotta get to English class.
Man, Francis, you are one drug addled elitist freak, and when the revolution comes I do not want to be lined up with you and shot, 'cause you're fucking ripe for political reeducation, you know, like in the fields.
I hope you changed the water in that bong from last night.
Right. Cool. So, how about we take a bath together?
You do? I'm glad. Because I feel for you --
It's like very positive, and I feel a real special feeling, because you really --
Sure I do, you know, like your aura. That you give off.
You know Libbets, I really feel, you know, like a real connection to you --
Maybe you should have just a half.
Well, uh, I don't, it's really --
Hey, it's a sellable skill.
The Idiot.
If you liked Notes from Underground, you'll love The Idiot.
Um, Libbets. Hey, Dostoyevsky, I'm also really a fan, and what you were saying, you know, have you ever read The Idiot?
Good thinking Marge.
You think Francis is going to beat me to the punch here?
How do you know this shit?
Truly? Do speak.
It's beyond mere physical attraction.
I'm in love with Libbets Casey.
What are you doing at home on a Friday night?
Shit. I can't really talk about it. I guess I better get to the train.
I'm, uh, in the midst of a moral dilemma. And I was wondering, because I know you're a very moral person, and --
What time is it?
Charles, what time is it?
Her name's Libbets.
It's a one-on-one kind of date thing.
Calling an individual, Charles, in New York. Confirming a social outing for Friday night.
May I operate your telephonic apparatus?
I don't know. Dad seems a little weird.
How are the parental units functioning these days?
Hello, Charles.
Watching what?
Charles. Have you been keeping out of my shit? Have you refrained from entering the sacred precincts of my room?
