I lied.
We'll hunt him down together...
You're serious?  You'd help me...
This ring belonged to my sister. I'd love for you to...
Somewhere very far away, very quiet, and very...  This is all wonderful, Selina, but...But I'm afraid I can not rest until all my sister's killers are brought to justice...That one-armed monster..
Quite a pair we make. Thank you, Jeff.
I still can't get over it. I still can't believe you're Catwoman..
You're telling the truth. I can tell..How did this..
What did you say?  Selina, sit down, the entire city is going crazy...You have to just calm down...
Exactly. I don't know what I'd do without you.
Fine. You're angry. Don't be. The important thing is we're together now..
Selina, did you make it home, all right?  I tried calling, but your mother said that there was "no extension in the Hut." Whatever that means..
Are you sure?
This is insane. Let the heroes handle it.  I'd better get you home...I should check on my warehouse to make sure it hasn't been hit...
What's the matter?  What are you saying?
What little boy doesn't...  My God...it's, it's...Catwoman.
So, did you see "Seinfeld" last week? That Kramer-guy really makes me laugh.
I despise these kind of winds. Sorry, I guess I'm a little on edge. Seems this Catwoman has everyone, men and women, on edge. Don't you feel Catwoman says something about the duality of all men and women...
You're very special. Selina, I'm not a very good liar. I feel very strongly about you...forgive me use of architecture metaphors, but I instantly know a good foundation when I see one..
Hey, hey, the client comes first. You think I want my future children to know their Daddy created Frank's Fun Palace?
What did you think?
There's a nice cafe down the street...unless you're afraid of this Catwoman prowling around. We can always dine at the mansion, if..
Kincaid got a little frisky last night...So, meet here at eight and go from there?  By the way, I'm Brock Leviathan.
I was wondering, if you're not doing anything tonight...Would you like to go to dinner? I know; a tame suggestion considering the wide variety of miniature golf possibilities available to the Oasisburg citizen--but nevertheless, would you?
I'll bet the butler's name wasn't "Jeff."
What's the matter...
Strange--you seemed so close. I wonder what's happened since yesterday..
Ouch. I hope you're not offended by aggressively curious men.
You say that like an amnesia victim.
No, in art. I try not bring up women around Kincaid. It's a sore spot between us. Long story..
He likes you. Kincaid and I have always had similar tastes...
I guess we did. When you were a little boy, did you want to be a superhero?
I've been looking for you.  Selina Kyle was right. One of us is a psychotic crusader.
It may be time to get the police involved...
Quiet, Blender Boy. I told you from the beginning, Selina, I'm not a very good liar. I am not Captain God, or whatever else he may be calling himself this month, but when I find out who is--The Man will pay.  My sister died in that Museum attack. You can check the Atlanta obituaries. I've tracked these monsters from city to city, waiting for a time to exact my revenge. Why else would I come to Oasisburg and create the most obnoxious casino in the world?
You're right, I wasn't looking to fall in love with a casino worker. I'd given up trying to find anyone. But there was a fire in your eyes that cut right through the air conditioning and through the coldness of my heart.
You're kidding.
Yes, did you call us here for any particular reason?
Oh, you don't have to explain to me where you're going...
She has reason to be suspicious..Doesn't she?
She has a real spirit.
They do take their time. So..Selina Kyle...
Oh, how long have you had your own route?
Oh come on, Cactus, be a man!  The blimp is still on schedule, right?
Wha-at?
Just hold on!  I'm not done. There are two kinds of men in the world, Selina. In Category A, you have Me. In Category B is everyone who wants to be in Category A, but are too afraid, too weak..!
Don't you feel so much better now that you know everything?  Blink once for yes, twice for..
Priceless...We have a showdown in this alley, right?
You've lost all motor functions. The poison will kill you in ten minutes.
The "skylight?" Fool!  It's too high for anybody to climb out the damn skylight...
Don't you realize there's nothing you can do, anyway!  Nine minutes and it's all over!  The Fun Palace is a tomb. No one can get out. And choke on this furball: all doors and windows are blocked, locked, and electrified!  Even the glass around the bomb is rigged.
Well then, let's agree to disagree...Now how about a picture for my scrapbook?
Will you please stop fighting?  Just let those people die so we can get on with our new lives together!  Trust me, one day we'll look back on this day and laugh. You got to admit, it's a lot more fun to be the villain.
You were right all along--the two parts to a person are the reality and the lie.  I was making good money as a top architect--but that's not who I am. I'm not an architect, I'm a..
I've been thinking. I've been thinking about us. I'm sorry I've been so hard no you these past couple days. I realize now it's because you're the only woman who ever understood me and I couldn't handle it!  I've never revealed myself to anyone the way I have to you. Let's blow this town together.  We'll run a bed-and-breakfast in Vermont by day, and by night, we'll dress up and kill anything that...
My dog!
What do you want from me?
I thought cats were supposed to have nine lives, not thirty one!  What do you think you're doing?
