Adonis, be polite. She's a friend.
I'm not going to worry about it. We are quite beyond the computer disc. Everything will be over within the next hour or so.
Works for me.
Have we reached the epi-center?
It's okay. Let her go.
You have to dial nine first.
Do I have to remind everyone that in two days, we'll all be dead. The Cult of Good will be a memory. I don't want to hear about lawsuits or cereals. We have a secret mission...
Crowd always buys it. What do we got?
Hey, Hot Stuff. You're still on the clock...
I'll put that in the report--after you shoot her.
Absolutely.
Quite a little performance you gave in the casino today--for me and that other guy. Come on down, let's chat..
Yeah...pretty gross. Hurry, we've got work to do.
I know how you feel, humiliated in the hands of a woman. I'd rather eat my soul on a paper plate...
What did you say?
How could I forget. Mammoth--go pet the kitty.
Why am I still troubled...
I don't know what I was saying. I totally phoned it in last night. I haven't been getting a lot of sleep lately...
Well. I stand corrected.
Cactus--shooting a man in the back is not very noble.
"Well done," Cactus.
I know.
Of course it matters!  It throws off everything!  "Superhero" is manhood's highest achievement. Manhood!  Your dirty little secret has diseased us to the core. You were my buddy, my comrade-- women aren't buddies, women aren't warriors!  You tried to turn the Cult of Good into some after-work softball team!  It's time to get thrown from the treehouse...
Just like a woman. You want out. You're out.
What's the matter with you, Spooky, my most trusted comrade?  We are warriors!  These are the challenges we live for!
The Tranquilizer Tranquility will hold for about an hour..where is she? These women are out here on a lark-- Ladies Night at a discotheque.  It's not in their blood the way it is for Catwoman...Where is she?
Oh, I like her. I like her a lot. I want to save this one for later. Something that tasty you don't eat all at once. Go back to your alter- egos, we'll regroup in the morning.
Well, you don't see that everyday. Somebody tell me what's the deal with Frida Kahlo here?
Well, we spent enough time building the damn thing, might as well use it.
Now he'll be up all night...
Ah, the good guys always triumph in the end. It's what allows our children to sleep at night.
Do you have any idea how much superheroes get paid?  Zilcho. Urban vigilantes with secret identities operating outside the law. Not exactly the stuff of a W-2 form.  If it wasn't for merchandising and corruption and these diabolical "missions"...There is no such thing as heroes and villains, anymore, Selina.  There are only winners and losers. You lost. We won.
I know, I should probably tell you, but I just don't feel like it. To be honest, I'm really angry at you. I admired you so much more when you were purely wicked. I mean, look at you now, running around trying to "get to the bottom" of things. Trying to "save the city." It's true we're about to do a very nasty deed, but really, what's it to you?  Since when do you care what happens to a bunch of pathetic Oasiburgians? You're just not yourself, anymore.
You think so?...Selina?
Yes. I am the reporter or the architect.  You've been through so much..It looks like you've used up all nine of your lives...
My, those little ears pick up a lot. The Cult of Good will die heroically preventing a world-class heist. Since we will be the ones performing the heist, our deaths will obviously be fake. But have no fear. There will be many other deaths tomorrow...and those will be quite real. I'm afraid these questions of yours put you in a position not unlike a long-tailed tabby in room full of rocking chairs.
A superhero's job is to protect society.  Don't blame me if society is a horrible, corrupt joke.
Hasn't anyone ever taught you that fighting violence with violence solves nothing.
And...your point?
