What about "climbing in?"
Even the skylight?
You might be right, but Fun is overrated.  I need something real.
I know, I know, a Warrior. You're very annoying..Now tell me how to defuse the bomb you've set..
Pass!
Oh Honey, it's so much better when we do it without the helmet.
At this point, a nap. Oh by the way, I killed your butler and your dog..
Winning.
You can't get away with..
I'm supposed to be taking personality tips from you three?  You people were once heroes. You had ideals.  You fought for things.  Spooky told me so...
How can you say things with such feeling and then turn around and put on a helmet and...Who are you?  Were you sitting on my right or my left at the card table?  Tell me!  Please tell me who you are; you own me that!
You've seen me...
I still have one left...
Oh please, sir, one more. Are you the reporter or the architect?
"A superhero's job is to protect.." Sorry, I can't take you seriously...I overheard you say that tomorrow the Cult of Good will be dead--I should be so lucky--what did that mean?
It's a lot more fun than fighting violence with pamphlets. That voicebox of yours is a hoot. Say "I'm wearing no underwear"--it'll be funny..  You do know you're evil, don't you?
You're not a super-hero. You're not even a hero. You're a scary, sick, fake who made a big mistake. You killed someone very special to me..
Hello, Rachel. I'm Selina.
"Save the City?" I don't want to save the city, I want to move!  Listen, I'm sure the computer disc is pretty fascinating and I can't thank you enough for the little weird gold thingie, but..
Oh no, not a computer disc. A computer disc?  Oh man, come on, what do I look like?  I'm not a crime- fighter, I'm not a detective, what, I'm supposed to find some "clues" on this disc. I can't...
For when the..Uh, yeah, thanks, a little gold piece of...gold. Uh...
I heard what you said, Spooky. I can't believe he shot you...
You're not strong. You're scared..scared that someone like me will see right through you. Whatever the Cult of Good was, it's not anymore... You don't have to listen to me, just listen to you..
Whatever you say...Sis.
Hello, Spooky.
Spooky.
