What little boy doesn't?
But then we knew that all along, didn't we...
I've been looking for you.
I can. That's not an admission of guilt,  It's just..I knew you had it in you...
Did you ever think that maybe neither of us is Captain God?
We're waiting.
Your uniform, that first time I saw you, was a ghastly cage I vowed to unlock in order to..
But it's true!  You can call him yourself.
Selina, are you okay?
I better go report this in...
I suppose she does.
A bit on the suspicious side, don't you think?
Selina Kyle...lovely person.
Women, huh?
Can I just say what a classy touch the neon urinals are, Mr. Architect?  I just love risking electrocution every time I..
There you are darling...Have we met, Lewis Lane, Oasisburg Times.
We have to do something. What can we do to help, Selina?
Okay. Let's get serious. Of course I know the Cult of Good is not good. Ever since I saw what they did in Atlanta, it has been my mission to expose them. I've followed them to Oasisburg and soon will have enough hard evidence to bring them to real justice. That computer disc could be the final piece to the puzzle. This isn't just a story, Selina--another damn Pulitzer--this is my life.
Not too cool...
Some reporter I am..all this time my story is right there in front..I have a lot of questions.
Hey, architect--she's joking. Right, Selina?  Selina?
Uh-huh..
You can't figure me out. You're the strange one..
You're scaring me, Selina.  Do it some more.
I'm afraid last night was the last straw of our city's tourists. The Mayor, in his finite wisdom, is throwing a "Month of the Woman" luncheon ball for the public this afternoon to try and calm everyone down. I thought maybe you and I could...
I was doing my job. At the risk of sounding egotistical, I didn't become the best reporter in the world sitting by the phone. I was chasing tail all night--I was not spying, intentionally, on your hot and heavy date with "Brock Leviathan, architect."  I can't believe he ordered white wine.  You do know white wine is not real wine...
I'm having a hard time picking up your signal this morning--What did you say?
About the same. Thanks for asking...Damn blender.  Okay, I can't stand it anymore, I'm dying to know--Did you try on some whiskers last night and hit a 7-11 along with all those other women? You had to have thought about it--a Catwoman for a night?
What?
Actually, yes.
Yes, you shouted the words "Captain God" at me for no reason...
What did--?
I thought you'd like a ride to work.  You don't own a cat, do you?
No, of course not. You're listed. Not the hut, exactly, but the rest of..
Good morning.
Ah!  Ah!--God no, don't tell me you're one of those women who are attracted to ruggedly handsome and brilliant architects..
I was wondering, if you're not doing anything tonight...
Oh the hand--my grandfather is inventing a new kind of blender and..You know, I realize I've never officially introduced myself...I'm Lewis Lane.
Oh now this one is mine...
How much?
Sorry, I get carried away. Once I become interested in someone, I can't stop trying to figure them out...Amnesia victims are challenging..
Most articles focus on the first half of her name--describing some feline monster.  I want the woman of Catwoman. After all, if it was a man dressed as a cat, the story would be on page 23--just another loony. Oh, I want this one. I want her bad..
What is it with women and Catwoman? Men have the courtesy to punish the weak, but women love punishing the strong. Don't get me wrong--this Catwoman is a terrifying, subversive menace to everything this community stands for and she must be stopped. It's just, I like her a lot.
A genuine woman of mystery in Oasisburg.  Amnesia. Bulletholes in exposed stomach badly concealed with body make-up.  Beautiful, intelligent eyes that have no business in "Frank's Fun Palace" or anybody else's Fun Palace for that matter..
