Cactus, sometimes you don't deserve to wear our logo.
Not now, Mammoth. Adonis is right. We've had a good run here--the protection kickbacks from the crime syndicates, the merchandising scams-- Tomorrow night we have a big, violent, complicated and lucrative mission to pull off. We chould be resting up.
What's the catch?
He didn't remember to roll up his window...
The shopkeeper on 13th street won't drop the lawsuit--He still claims one of the lasers we fired at the Jenkins gang burned down his store..
I loved you.
Why are you--I fought for you with honor.  Why should it matter if I'm a man or a woman, as long as I'm a good warrior.
I want out of tonight's mission. I can't do it anymore, Captain. I can't let innocent people die to prove our superiority..I can't.
I hate it when you get like this. This Catwoman is becoming an obsession. I say we call it a night. Tomorrow is a big day for us...
You like them, don't you, Boss.
Just a homeless woman. Wrong place.
A bit sadistic, don't you think, Captain...?
Oh, I wish they wouldn't feed him like that.
You know, my name's not Spooky. It's, it's Rachel.
The Mission is happening tonight..It's up to you to...to save the City...
And I...I..want you to know our secrets..
For when the time comes..
Men, huh?
Can't you understand--I got tired of being a woman. I wanted the respect that only a cape, boots, chestplate, and a mechanical spear can bring..
I don't want to hurt you, Catwoman. Yet.  After tomorrow, you can do anything you want, but please, just stay out of sight for the next 24 hours. I won't stand by and watch my leader get all emotional over an animal like you. I warn you, don't tempt Captain God when he is angry. Let is complete our mission in peace.
Spear.
Thanks.
You're the One. I thought I told you to stay hidden behind the couch, CAT! You've torn the unit apart.  You've driven a great leader insane...
I'm not sad, no, I owe the Captain my life. It's just you think you want to help prevent crime, but you realize that's too complicated. It's a lot more fun to punish crime. Then after a while, you don't care what's a crime and what's not, what you became a Warrior for. You just want the kicks. The rush.
We met on the Internet. The Captain put out a cryptic message calling for a new order of crimefighters. We don't even know each other's true identities...
I'm sorry, Miss, one of us needs to keep surveillance...
