I'll do the standard research and have them in by midnight, pending any unforseen problems.
Good morning. What do you have today ?
No one has a gun to your head.
Doesn't it bother you to see this kind of brutal death ? I mean , I can understand the old man's infatuation with the stuff, but not you.
Yeah, I'd say that's it.
Well, I'll see you at the next staff party.
That's a shame.
Well, surprise, surprise, I've been on the payroll for several years now. I still have an office and secretary. No one even batted an eyelash. Do you realize what the high turnover is in a multi corporation bank in New York ?
I work here, remember ?
It'll end. It'll end with him and McCay. Then the park shuts down. Permanently.
There's one more person here for me to visit.
Girder, watch your head.
Yes.
It's poison gas, this is the antidote. Drink it.
The Brooklyn Bridge.
You don't. It's random, there no trick.
Yeah, real cute. The storm is fake, but the lightening is real.
If we can get to through the next room, we'll be at a junction for a power grid.
Fine...
Just remember, hold your breath as long as you can. Then go right over to that corner. The door will open and go in and up.
So was I. So don't give me any shit. Your business is just as bad. At least I'm up front about it. You kill people slowly. Your corporate take overs can decimate a families livelihood over a year sometimes two. Now you know how it feels.
Know what ? That it was your fault ?
You didn't think about it did you ? I read your file. It said you had a nervous breakdown.
What do you do with the company, if I might ask ?
This is New York. No one notices anyone. Not even when someone disappears. At first it was the guy who was caught trying to steal McCay's Jag. Then it was dirty accountants that tried to walk away with millions. The Old Man got such a rush from it, I thought that he would start trying to send me people who used the copier after hours.
I've since changed my mind. I designed this place, based on my belief that I was doing what the legal system couldn't or wouldn't do. McCay had the company buy the property and they pay the bills. It's a tax write off. On the books everything looks kosher. I have an office on 5th that I haven't seen in ten years.
McCay had a lot money done into researching psychological reactions to questions that are seemingly unrelated, but reveal everything. Like criminal impulses, homicidal impulses.....
There's more to it than trying to see if you'd steal from the company or if you'd lie or cheat.
There are other things too. They had everyone start taking those psych tests. Did they make you take one ?
It was there, clear as day. I saw the computer records. Matthew has been fed wiring money to his personal account.  I just knew something was wrong.
I do a very thorough background check. I go through police files, personel files, anything.
I was lured by all the money and I truly did convince myself that what I did was for justice. Since then, McCay has wanted to put anyone he can down here.
I was hired in and started to do the boring old work routine. I was originally brought in as a technical advisor. First Bank had sponsored my scholarships.
I just graduated from M.I.T. in engineering. That's when John McCay hired me.
Is this really the time ?
Excuse me ?
I'd say about thirty to forty minutes. Give or take a few.
Once the room depletes it's oxygen, we have about 30 seconds, then a door opens on the bottom over there. Then we swim out.
We drown.
At the subway station, we can get into a power duct that my little shit head of an assistant doesn't know about.
Look, there's another train. They'll send it through here. You're fucked if you don't STOP and listen to me.
It won't take them that long to figure out we weren't on the train when it wrecked.
Hey ! I'm still your best chance to get out of here alive.
So you're telling me you were set up ? I knew something was wrong.
Then he isn't embezzling either is he ?
Then you didn't give him any passwords of any kind ?
If you hadn't started boffing that weasel with an attitude, you wouldn't be here.
You took an awful big risk back there.
Hey ! Hey ! I'm talking to you !
What are you doing ?
Knows ? He watches every "Guest" on tape. This whole place is here for his sick amusement. And no so are we.
It's a tax write off for John C. McCay.
It's called Murderland. It's paid for by First Bank.
I'm working on it.
No where. We've got about seven minutes before this thing slams into a concrete wall.
Give me a fucking.....
There's enough force to push you twenty feet in the air. It won't kill you, but it will hurt.
We have to climb up that.
We wait. This is an elevator.
I don't know.
Maybe not, but he is and fucking him makes you an accessory. He stole your passwords.
You're both embezzling. I saw the records.
Why should I ?
Leave him, he's dead.
I made this place..... now listen to me. I'll get out of this room, we have bigger troubles than this....
No time. Get him up.
Please don't be alarmed, Ma'am.
You have 43 unpaid parking tickets, sir. You have the right to remain silent, anything you say can & will be held.....
He's the liaison for McCay. Listen go. Go now.
In the jail cell is a spiral staircase. It leads to the surface. Take it all the way up.
Almost. Look, you two get out of here.
Knock yourself out.
Ow...
What the fuck are you talking about.
That's cute asshole.
Look...
Look pipsqueak, I'm having a real bad day here and we're just starting.
It's fine thanks.
Yeah, we're about a hundred an fifty feet below the subway stations. We're heading a little higher up now.
The room has sound sensors. If you wake it up, it breathes fire.
Be very, very quiet...
A dragon.
I did, but this room has four exits and only one opens, it's up to them in the control room. There's one right over there. The exit light is on, but he can change it.
I'd get out of the water if I were you.
Not quite....
Give me one good reason why I don't plug you right here, right now ?
I don't help criminals.
Either you'll be shot with bullets, impaled with a large spike, or nailed like a super model. Basically you're fucked any way you go.
Trust me, if you open any door, you'll be dead a whole lot sooner.
NO ! Don't open ANY of them ! They're all wrong. Just wait.
I told him not to sit down in there.....
Just shut the fuck up.
NO. Don't. You'll get a shock from hell if you touch that seat.
43 unpaid parking tickets, sir.
That's very funny, sir. You are under arrest.
Are you Matthew Parker ?
For once in your life, shut the fuck up.
I'm sick of playing. I've got a better idea.
A real criminal.... I still think that's our in... What about her ?
Parking tickets ? That's it ?
Any priors ? Any police record ?
Yeah, maybe.... Let's start the background checks. Let's see where they live and what kind of security systems....
He already had a balance of $600,000.
I see here that this guy has made deposits into his own account for the last four months. Each one in the amount of $100,000. He then puts in deposits into his girlfriends account.
I just want to double check the facts.
That's right. Now who needs to trust who ? Trust me, when you're ready to work the controls, I'll put you in the hot seat.
And who bailed you out when a hit was put on you, you sorry sack of shit. Who put you up ? Who gave you a job ?
No.
Not down here. I'll start trusting you when I feel there the time is right. It's not personal, it's just survival.
Trust is earned not given away.
When you are ready.
When I think you're ready.
Hand me the 3/8ths.
Johnny, let's get the cleanup started.
Stop the hydraulics.
I said NO.
Not yet.
Never underestimate a man who cheats on his taxes. His file says he is an avid jogger.
It's my control board and I don't want it acting squirrelly because you dropped a few crumbs into the keyboard, no put the shit away.
Don't eat at the console.
Don't.
Let's just see if he can make it into round two....
