If you want, I can fire you and have someone else who has the balls terminate these worthless people. Which will it be ?
Fire the whole division. We're moving more of the operations division into Manhattan anyway. Whoever is left over from the conversion is no longer needed. We already have all the key people here. Anyone else is expendable.
Fire the whole division.
Have that tape on my desk tomorrow morning.  First.... thing...
Fantastic ! A little faster sweetheart.
Not you Zach.  Remember, my wife is asleep upstairs, dear.  Zach, am I gonna like what I see on this tape ? Is it the grandest of all the Park's tapes ?
One moment dear...
Is it as good as I hope it is ?
Zach, my boy ! How is tonights adventure going ?
That my boy, is the best part. Life on top of the world is boring... predictable. If I wanted life without chances, I never would have paid for Murderland. Now go. Make a formal proposal and see about the assistant. Find out if it's viable.
Yes, do you think he would like a raise and a new position ?
Do you think the assistant, what's his name...
I'm willing to bet that even the creator can't out wit his creation.
I'll bet that would be the Park run of the century !
What if we were to put Bruce into the Park as a Guest ?
I propose we consider a hostile take over. Perhaps Ol' Bruce is in need of a new job opportunity.
That mail room kid was the longest lasting "guest" yet ! Maybe we can alter the computer records and make another "guest" from the more athletic of our staff.
What about that time when the mail room kid was accused of stealing and we put him in the "Park" ? Wasn't that a computer glitch ?
I don't believe Ol' Bruce is having as much fun with this as he once did. He still insists on the "guests" being of the more nefarious type.
I want more action. I want to see more ingenuity than that. I want to see the injured man out wit the machines !
That was rather.... disappointing.
Son, let's watch the tape.
I have entrusted you with a great many things. In your tenure with this company you have seen and heard things that could upset the very economic world in which we live. I think this kind of loyalty should be rewarded.
Zach my boy, I can spend your yearly salary in a blink. I have had that kind of money all of my life. If I wanted to, I could fly to Paris for the afternoon.  My father formed this company over seventy years ago. When my brother became mentally challenged, it was put in my charge. Now running a bank of this size is very stressful. I need to relax on what little down time I have. A yacht club will not quite make my blood pressure decline. Understand ?
And how much do we pay you annually ?
Zach, how old are you, son ?
Of course.
I have to say, that I am glad you are such an amazing kiss ass.
Perhaps it was. I was in boarding school for so many years, it's hard to remember. Do you have the tape of the latest exploits from my favorite hobby ?
Relax, son. They'll learn in time that you don't fuck with First Bank. This is the real deal and we aim to keep it strong. My Daddy always told me that Only The Strong Survive.
Zachory ! My boy, how goes the carnage down on 44 ?
