Jesus, my legs are asleep. I'll never be able to win this shit.
Great.. great. Is there any kind of hint or anything ?
Great ! You couldn't be a fan of Dolphins or some other less threatening animal.
Where's the dock ?
Don't have to tell me twice.
Where ?
Is it over ?
Thanks...
This probably isn't the bet time, but I really have to pee. Can I pee ?
You okay ?
Swimming, you know, like in water, moron.
Hey, try swimming. It works.
Issues ??? This guy has the damn subscription to every psychotic issue I've ever heard of.
That's not to tough.
Why don't you tell us a little about yourself ?
An elevator ?
You were one of those guys that played Dungeons & Dragons with real swords, weren't you.
Are you hunting wabbits ?
So what happened ? Did you have a real bad theme park experience as a kid and this is your revenge ?
What's next Walt ?
I thought you made this place ?
Why ?
That's nice.  I think I lost my wallet.
Is it over ?
Because of my charming personality ?
Hey buddy, thanks for the help back there !
And that's different than this because...... ?
Okay, NOW I'm worried. What exactly is on the other side of the door ?
Wait for what ? i don't wanna alarm you but we'll be the special at the International House of Pancakes in about five minutes !
OUCH !!! GODDAMMIT that hurts !!!!
Who are you anyway ? What the hell is this ?
Kojak here is arresting me for unpaid parking tickets.
Hey , Hey !
Yes, can I help you ? Maybe a donut or something ?
I'm going to go ahead and go now.
No sir. I was just getting , well you know. Water. We weren't talking about sex or anything else except Star Wars. Just saying hello. I think I'm gonna go now.
Well, I think if you take several lines out of context, Star Wars becomes a very sexual movie. I mean listen to this.  "Luke, at that speed will you be able to pull out in time ?" or "You came in that thing ? You're braver than I thought".
Ow. Son of a .....  Did I ever tell you my theory on Star Wars as Porn ?
Of course I am. I feel the testosterone coursing through my veins.  Now that I've gotten the stitches removed from my arm and the chiropractor fixed my back.
Hey good lookin' ! What'cha got cookin' ?
Who was that guy anyway ?
Thanks a lot. I always wanted to know what it was like to see my life flash before my eyes for the one hundredth time tonight.
Where are we ?
I want to go to sleep for about a month.
Sweet Jesus I never dreamed I'd be glad to see Central Park at night.
I was thinking maybe we should try this dinner thing again, but maybe the Epcot version will be open by then....
Are you okay ? Any holes ? I mean aside from the one's that nature gave you ?
It's that asshole Zach isn't it ?
Nothing.
I think I'm very quickly getting over my phobia of public urination.
Jesus Christ ! I'm just a temp for Christ sakes !
"How's your foot" ? This guy tried to kill us and he put us in this place, and you want to know how his foot is ?
You don't have to sound so emphatic.
Maybe all that testosterone plugs his ears.
The roof is coming down.... hey, you.... Which door gets us out of here ??
Fine, fine, I feel like a chicken McNugget.
I just need to sit and think for a second.
What the hell kind of cop are you ?
Hey... did we uhm, you know....
Not now, Mom.
Okay, now go under go under it ! Shoot Vader's Tie Fighter ! Get Him Get Him !
My own sit down Star Wars arcade game. Wanna play it ?
Would that impress you ? I mean you're the kinda woman that probably has Ferrari written all over your personal ad.
I just want to have something that's mine, you know ? It's like living off of their money is fun and all. There are certain materialistic needs that I have that can only be satisfied with that extra little scratch.
Well, I make good investments, I lead a double life as a secret agent.. I....I ... I have very rich parents. I have always had a lot of money.
Yes, Excuse me for a second.
Thank you.
Thank you, won't you come in ?
Hello.
Dinner at my place then ? Say, seven o'clock ?
This is too easy, I mean I had a speech prepared, then I even wore these pants because I could get on my knees to grovel.
Really ? On a date ?
It's sounds so much better when you say it. I'm semi traditional here, and it's important that I ask. Will you go out with me ?
Listen, I was thinking, you know. Would you go, it's I think you're...
Come on, I'm serious. Look at Wilma. She's this frail little thing, and Fred, I mean Fred Flintstone is this BIG guy. He has to be hung like a horse, and THAT's why Wilma puts up with his B.S.
Just look at this tie. You could fry an egg off that orange, yow. Have you ever considered the Jerry Garcia line of ties ?
I meant him.
Good golly miss molly you are looking good today !
