Good. Nice to see you, Bruce. Johnny.
I have an embezzler and his accomplice.
I'm an investment banker. I see blood bathes everyday. Besides, mine is not to question why, min is but to do or die.
Is that it ?
Sir ? We're moving them right along as fast as we can.
Yes sir. It will be the best of your collection, I assure you.
Sir ?
Better, sir.
Good, sir.
Zachary.
Sir, this is not like firing any employee. We can't predict what will happen.
John, sir.
What then sir ? What would we do with the park with out Bruce ?
Sir, he created the Park. He would know how to circumvent any of the traps.
Sir ?
What do you mean sir ?
Bruce may still refuse. It is my belief that he is becoming more belligerent.
Yes sir. It turns out we put an innocent man into the "park" and he was not the one who stole from the stamp machine. That is also about the time when Bruce began refusing.
That's right, sir. He does a thorough background check and if he finds them to be criminal or guilty of embezzlement, then he will put them in the park. He has refused the last three suggested "guests".
But sir, most of the people we are putting into the "Park" are accountants that embezzle or investment bankers. They are not known for their physical or intellectual prowess.
I had suggested that they tone down the program so that the "guests" might take longer to expire.
Thank you, sir. I was really hoping for shares, or possibly cash... but this, this is really personal.
Thank you, sir.
Yes sir.
I make roughly four hundred thousand a year.
I am thirty two.
While I am not morally against these little, shall we say "hobbies", as long as I am on the payroll, but why not something like a yacht club ?
Thank you , sir. Sir, may I ask you a question ?
Yes sir, I do. Last night's, fresh from the Park.
I thought that was Darwin, sir. Or perhaps Nietzsche ?
Not that well sir. I believe we have a few too many soft hearts in the building. Did we aquire a bank from Chicago or a charity ?
Go in there ? What if Bruce finds you ?
How can this happen ?
What happened ?
So what's next ? No one's ever made it this far before.
Okay, I have five that says THIS is it for them.
Thank you very much.
Ach ! How will you know if they've made it ?
That is repugnant. You have the habits of a goat.
There ! There ! Did you see ! They're still alive !
Yes. I think he's feeling sick or something.
I don't know. Maybe we should watch the tape to be sure.
Look ! Look !
I can see your small business ! Look at it it's so small.
Well, Mr. Parker it seems that your is not the wardrobe of choice tonight. I'm quite confident that my tie is looking better than yours.
Aren't you going to switch exits on him again ?
I'll see that bet.
I do believe Mr. McCray will be most pleased with the tape of this one.
What's next ?
Will he make it out ?
We can't afford too many surprises.
What was that ?
What is Bruce doing ?
Bruce has just awaken.
How long till the drug wears off ?
Just a temp who pissed me off and a girl who turned me down for the night of her life.
I had hoped you would say that. I have a proposal for you.....
Are you happy with your salary and position ?
We can't.
Have you ever considered running your own "Park" ? I mean, since you will not be returning to your former profession.
No. I am not a homosexual.
I thought, and correct me if I'm wrong, but weren't you trying to play both sides ?
Might I ask why you no longer work for the mob ?
Only that you were one of the finest hit men in the mob. That if you wanted a good clean kill, that Johnny Tortelli was the man for the job.
No. I was just curious if what I heard about you is true ?
We have new "guests" for the park. I have a file on them. May I see Bruce ?
I'm just looking for our best interests. May I have the tapes, Bruce ?
Look, Miss. I know you're still upset about that incident in Chicago, but understand, this is a cut throat business. We don't have time to play nursemaid to every single Tom Dick and Harry.
We start with the top and work our way down. We start with the high salaries and then just let the little people go. No need to make the blue collars go crazy.
Were you involved in the incident where that guy killed himself in his office ?  I am sorry. Perhaps we should have dinner tonight to.... discuss your future.
I am equally impressed with your knowledge of the market. How long have you been with the company now ?
Did you see what the First Bank stock opened at ? Very impressive.
Good morning.
