Then you won't forgive me?
All that I said just now was a lie. I said it so you wouldn't leave. I only molested you in my thoughts ... I can't bear to have you leave me, hating me like this.  Tell me you believe what I'm saying and I'll let you go.
You must listen to me before you go.
Think about it. Don't hurry. Think it over.
No, it's true.  Last night when you were sleeping, I had you all to myself.
Leave us alone, Ramona.
Yes, I don't want you ever to leave this house.
It's my fault. If I'd come to see you more often, if I'd invited you here for holidays, maybe everything would be different.
It's up to you entirely. Don't leave, then ...
No, it isn't that, I can assure you. I wouldn't be afraid in the face of real danger. I've proved that to myself. On the other hand, if a stranger visited me simply to say hello, I'd be alarmed.
If you only knew ... When I was young I was full of idealism. I wanted to do something on a big scale for others, something to show my great love for humanity. But as soon as I tried to do something about it, I became afraid that I would be laughed at and I felt like a fool ... and so I went back into my shell.
You must think I'm mad.
How strange you are! When I asked you to do this favor for me you refused. You seemed almost offended. And now, here you are, making me so very happy all of a sudden. Thank you, my child!
I should like you to do something for me. It's an innocent sort of thing but I'm very set on it.
This evening we must do something special by way of a farewell.
If you like, I will come with you tomorrow to the village when you leave.
Then it's penance for you who are going to be a nun; and for me, who am old, it's death ...
You must think I am a monster.
Don't worry. He won't be forgotten.
His mother wanted to keep him. She came from a poor family. I was in love with your aunt. I would like to have acknowledged him but I was afraid of losing her. That's why I didn't say anything.
And what do you know about life? When all is said and done you couldn't possibly understand.
Sometimes these things happen because of inexperience. Sometimes it's because of...
Never.
Yes, it is.
How did you know about that?
What do you mean?
You are spoiling me too much. I won't know what to do with myself when you've gone.
You see, even the voice.
How like your aunt you are, even in your walk.
My maid Ramona's daughter. She's a little animal.
Come down here, you scamp.
In twenty years the grass has invaded everything. There are spiders all over the house except on the first floor. I hardly ever go out.
You have no feelings toward ...
Did you have so little interest in seeing me?
Was that difficult to get?
How long are you staying?
You'll think you're still at the convent.
I'm well ... The bus was late, wasn't it? ... What was the journey like?
Don't lie. You don't believe me either.
You believe me, don't you?
Tell her I lied, that I didn't take advantage of her.
What for? She'll only look at me that way again ... I couldn't. You go. Perhaps she'll listen to you. Try to convince her.
The way she looked at me, Ramona! She hates me now. I think I've made a great mistake. She's going away, she's going away and nothing will stop her.
Why don't you speak to her, Ramona? Women are good at that sort of thing. Think of something that will make her stay a few more days.  You are kind, Ramona! Speak to her. I know I don't need to offer you anything, but, if you're successful in this, I'll not forget you or your little girl.
Yes, yes, but there's no need to bring that up. How far are you prepared to help me?
Sit down, woman, sit down.  You like me, don't you?
Sit down, I'm going to need your help.
I have asked her but she's ungrateful. Sometimes I feel like hitting her. When I talk to her about the convent, she turns to stone.
Leave me now. You can go to bed.
