Tonight, but I'll be back tomorrow afternoon.
Hold on, Ramon! Is there time to make another trip?
And in the vegetable plot?
The fields have been left so long; with a good manuring anything will grow.
Good.
That's fifteen by seven?
How much is that?
That's life. Some people are brought together, others are separated. What can we do, if that's the way it happens?
Don't be a fool! Why rush away from something which couldn't happen?
How in hell does it wind up?
She isn't my cousin.
What are you thinking about?
You should have enough to do in this house ... Come here and listen to this.
Shouldn't I be? You, on the other hand ...
What I do every day, but I want to do it earlier.
If you wake first, wake me up.
So, Ramona!
No, not mad at all: she's rotten with religion.
It's Viridiana. She's getting on my nerves.
Nothing.
Why do you say that? Perhaps the young girl is a bit jealous.
Kill him.
Kill him and I'll tell you. If I don't keep my word, you can kill me too. There are thousands of pesetas. Kill him, idiot!
I don't want you to untie me. Kill him and then I'll give you the money.
There's plenty of money in this house. Piles of it.
If you free me, you'll be a rich man ...
That's stupid! Plaster! It can still be used.
These chairs are in good condition. With a little varnish and some new covers this one will be quite presentable.
Why?
And this chest?
One shouldn't be alone the whole time.  I'm not like him, am I?
Why did he kill himself?
No.
She's left.
You can come and live again in the big house if you want. Now that I'm alone, I can settle down anywhere.
Do you intend to stay here for some time?
Don't forget the meeting with the lawyer. The car will pick you up tomorrow morning.
Don't worry. Nobody's going to disturb you.
Is that all you're going to devote your life to?
There's no point in helping some of them when there are so many others.
They worry me a great deal, and especially because of you.
You won't get much done with those people. Those times are over! You ought to let me kick them out.
What are you doing here? Get out.
I don't understand how you can like being alone so much.
And do you know that my mother and I had to suffer? If my father had bothered himself a little more about us, I'd be an architect now.
What do you know about me?
But you have a right to let us know what you think.
If I wait until tomorrow, it'll be the same as yesterday and the day before and all the other days. When you're not with your poor people, you're praying or you disappear, I never see you.
It's about time we spoke to each other, isn't it?
Jorge, Don Jaime's son, at your service.
Miss Viridiana ...
What's he called?
How much do you want for him?
Then let him go and he'll follow you.
