Right now it's on the balcony.
We are not comrades any more... we are friends, Ninotchka.
I know, but if we can't put in all these wonderful things at least let's put in some imagination.  In that one omelet we'll taste the whole of Paris!
Let's fill it with confitures, des prunes...
If you asked him why he left France I bet he couldn't name one good reason.
Can you blame them?... at least the May Day parade is over.
A little more tact... look how nicely she's fixed the table -- all for us.
If you hadn't given Commissar Razinin such a wonderful report about us, who knows what would have happened?
That's right.
Or we can't go back to Russia!
You must help us, Leon... if you don't win her over we're on our way to Siberia!
Imagine! The niece of the Czar opening the door for us.
No, that's not him...
Are we free, Buljanoff?
And how is Lord Lavenham?
You wouldn't like Razinin.
Comrades! Comrades! Don't let's give in so quickly. After all we have to uphold the prestige of Russia.
Are you the Buljanoff who fought on the barricades? And now you are afraid to take a room with a bath?
There's something in Constantinople... something irresistible....
Don't call it desertion. Our little restaurant... that is our Russia... the Russia of borscht, the Russia of beef Stroganoff, blinis with sour cream...
Ninotchka, we are in the magic East, the country of Aladdin and His Lamp...
Well, I think it's getting late. Good night, Ninotchka.
...so it blows up that big... what they call an Omelette Surprise!
It's a real Paris reunion.
While you eat, you look at the view.
We don't blame you, Leon, but when we came from Russia we believed in simplicity...
How can you find somebody without knowing what he looks like?
Halt negotiations immediately. Envoy extraordinary arrives Thursday six ten with full power. Your authority cancelled herewith. Razinin.
Oh, Leon, you are so good.
Yes, Leon...
Soviet Russia will put all its might behind this case.
We can call our ambassador.
These may have been the jewels of the Duchess Swana, but, like all private property, they were confiscated by the State.
We can wait.
If Lenin were alive he would say, "Buljanoff, Comrade, for once in your life you're in Paris. Don't be a fool. Go in there and ring three times."
They tell me when you ring once the valet comes in; when you ring twice you get the waiter; and do you know what happens when you ring three times? A maid comes in -- a French maid.
Comrades, why should we lie to each other? It's wonderful.
We can't... but you are so ingenious, Leon...
She doesn't leave her room! She has been locked in for the last two days with lawyers and law books!
Leon, Leonitchka, she is not going to negotiate! She is going to fight that injunction. She's going to make a precedent of it!
If we say that, Leon... we'll be sent to Siberia!
We haven't anything to discuss with you. We'll talk to a lawyer!
We may have a chance.
Now, monsieur, you have no right...
...and Kopalski.
Yes, a good piece of apfel strudel....
Even the swallows are back.
Yes, there's no doubt of that...  Just look out of the window and there it is.
And your own gas cooker? That's marvelous!  Naturally it's not the Royal Suite...
Well, we're back home.
If there is anything we can do for you...
I acted on your suggestion and got in touch with the Power and Light authorities. Whenever you want to visit their plants they are open to you.
Yes, Comrade.
We did it with the best intentions...
We dealt directly with the representative of the Grand Duchess. I am sure if we call him he will give you a very clear picture.
We did our best, Comrade.
It's a hat, Comrade, a woman's hat.
Allow me, Comrade.
He is a porter. He wants to carry them.
If we had known we would have greeted you with flowers.
