Boys, boys... don't forget Russia is your mother country. Three sons walking out all at once... that's too much for any mother.
Oh, yes, yes.
About this telegram to Moscow. Why should you bother? I'll write it for you.
Well, gentlemen, how about my proposition?
In any case, gentlemen, a charming, beautiful, exquisite woman. I warn you, if this case comes to trial it will be before a French court, and when the Duchess takes the stand...
The Duchess...
Oh, you're a reactionary! Don't you look forward to the day when you can come in here and stand square on your two feet and say, "Hey, you, d'Algout! from now on it's going to be share and share alike"?
Isn't there any revolt in you? Sometimes when I order you around don't you feel like kicking me in the pants?
I can't follow you, Gaston, isn't it about time that you realized the unfairness of your position? You being my servant? Wouldn't you like to stand on an equal footing with me?
Ah, there's something poetic about the simple processes of labor. Counterpane, blanket, blanket, sheet, sheet... it should be set to music!
And Gaston, I was happier all day long. I felt I'd contributed something.
Have you?
I am, Gaston.
I guess it is eight forty-two.
What time have you, Gaston?
I don't feel like any breakfast.
Go to bed.
Good evening, Gaston.
No, no.
What did she say about me?
I'll send you a muff.
Razinin, Board of Trade, Moscow.
What's the name of that Commissar on the Board of Trade?
I just said let's have a little lunch.  Room service.
Oh, no, no. I am not a highwayman, I'm just a nuisance. All I'm trying to do is make things as difficult as possible.
But how will she look? The fashions this spring are very becoming to her. Gentlemen, the judge will be French, the jury will be French, everybody in that courtroom will be French. Have you ever seen a French court when a beautiful woman sits on the witness stand and lifts her skirt a little? You sit down and pull up your pants and where will it get you?
Don't look so gloomy, gentlemen. All is not lost. You may have a chance.
Well, gentlemen... how about a little lunch?
I just want a word with Monsieur Mercier.
My name is Count d'Algout. I telephoned.
All right, then make an appointment with her so I can see her!
Well, boys, I'd like to help you but what can I do? Yesterday I waited six hours in the lobby!
What's new?
How does this strike you? Commissar Razinin, Board of Trade, Moscow. Unexpected situation here. Duchess Swana in Paris claims jewels, and has already brought injunction against sale or removal. After long and careful study we suggest in the interest of our beloved country a fifty-fifty settlement as best solution. Iranoff, Buljanoff, and Kopalski.
All right -- go ahead... you talk to the lawyer and I'll talk to the judge!
Yes... a very slim one. I want to be fair. I don't deny that you might make out some kind of a case.
Just a moment.  I hope you haven't closed this deal, Monsieur Mercier. It might bring you into serious difficulties.
You want me to go in there?
What can I do about it?
Give me another double brandy.
Suspicions... nothing but suspicions!... That's the trouble with you! If you don't let me in I'll stand in front of this office of yours and warn people to keep away from Russia!... I'll picket your whole country....
What for... why?
On what?
Now look here... you advertise all over the world that you want people to go into your country and when someone tries to get in, you keep him out!
That's impossible! Nobody has the right.... You can't do that!... If you don't give me that visa...
I must get into that country of yours!
Yes!
I want to see a friend of mine... a very dear friend.... It's a personal matter which has nothing to do with politics or social philosophies.... It's a girl.
Listen, I want to be absolutely frank with you. I have no business in Moscow.
Believe me, I have no connection with her any longer... I swear I haven't!
She must have her little joke.  You're not going to take that seriously.
On the contrary -- I don't want to have anything to do with them.
Confess what?
Private.
Business.
Don't hold that against me... please!
Here's my passport.... Please give me a visa. I have to leave for Russia immediately.
Pardon me, I am very interested in what you just said -- you mean when an envoy goes back to Russia -- if they don't like what he has done they put him out of the way?
If you don't stay with me, I'll have to continue my fight. I'll travel wherever Russian commissions are. I'll turn them all into Buljanoffs, Iranoffs, and Kopalskis. The world will be crowded with Russian restaurants. I'll depopulate Russia. Once you saved your country by going back. This time you can save it by staying here.
I won't tell you what came between... I'll prove it. It will take a long time, Ninotchka... at least a lifetime.
Trying to keep me away from you! It couldn't be done. Naturally I couldn't go on forever punching passport officials in the nose -- but I found a way, didn't I? Darling, I had to see you. I wrote and wrote but all my letters came back.
They wouldn't let me in so I had to get you out.
Yes, sweetheart.
Please.
It is their wish.
I give them back to the people...  I make you Ninotchka the Great... Duchess of the People!... Grand Duchess of the People!
Come, sweetheart. Let me put it on you. You will teach these jewels. For the first time they will learn how they can look.
Now, darling, don't get impatient, wait until we are married. You know that worthless butler of mine... that reactionary? Some day when I come home to you I may say, "Darling, I drove Gaston to the market and look what I got from him!"
Who cried that one?
...but big.
But I can throw it out of the window.
No, no music.
Well, it has to warm up... you have to give it a chance... just like people... like you and me... first you wanted to fight me and now we belong to the same party... salute!
Yes, sweetheart... all by ourselves.
What shall we get? The news!
It's a little box that you buy on the installment plan and before you tune it in they tell you they have a new model.
Let's turn on the radio.
All right.
Would that make you any happier?
I know... it's the Russian soul.
Yes... a kiss... salute!
No! No!
No! No!
Right: Lovers of the world unite!
All right, we'll make it red.
Yes... a little white house.
No. Nobody will find us.
And I adore you, Ninotchua.
No speech.
Quite right... yes, yes, yes, but first you're going in that door and you're going to take a little spirits of ammonia and lie down.
Now, Ninotchka... please!
But, darling, you can't do that.
Shhh! Shhh!
Darling, darling... please!
Yes. Don't worry. Everything will be all right.
What, darling?
You just made that trip from goats to grapes a little too fast.
You must, darling.
No, darling. I'll tell you another story, a much better one.  The only thing that will be over on Thursday is the lawsuit. There will be no Thursday for us. Not next week or any week. We won't let it happen. I'll tear it out of the calendar. Is that a good story?
Well, there were two Scotchmen. One was named McIntosh and one was named McGillicuddy. They met on the street.
A funny story?
And General Savitzky.
There have been cases... but the headache the next morning is worth while -- if you drink it with the right toast.  To us, Ninotchka!
From goats to grapes. That's drinking in the right direction.
It's always good luck to launch something with champagne; a battleship... or an evening.
My darling.
Ninotchka, you're jealous.
Ninotchka, I love you.
I don't think so.
I promise... I swear.
Anything, Ninotchka.
No... go on.
You see I couldn't shout that.
A wonderful idea! Radio or records?
That's when one half of Paris says to the other half, "What are your plans for this evening, madame?"
Twelve seventy-five from the Clarence? The son-of-a-gun made a detour!...  But he got you here.
You see? Life can be so simple.
You remember this room?
Foolish? If this dress were to walk down the boulevard all by itself I would follow it from one end of Paris to the other, and when I caught up with it I would say, "Just a moment, you charming little dress, I want you to meet Ninotchka... you two were meant for each other." Ninotchka feels more comfortable.
Well, so far it isn't funny, but wait. He says to the waiter, "Waiter! Bring me a cup of coffee." So the waiter comes back five minutes later and says, "I'm sorry, sir, we have no coffee."...  Wait a minute... wait a minute... I'm all mixed up...  A man comes in a restaurant, he sits down, he calls the waiter and he says, "Waiter! Get me a cup of coffee without cream," and five minutes later the waiter comes back and says, "I'm sorry, sir, we have no cream, can it be a glass of milk!"
He sits down at the table and says to the waiter... Did you get that too?
I'll tell you that joke again. A man comes into a restaurant. Did you get that?
So you don't think that's funny? It is funny! Everyone else thinks so! Maybe you didn't get it.
Not funny, huh?
Maybe you haven't any sense of humor. Well, I'll give you one more chance! Now listen!
It seemed funny to me when I first heard it. Maybe the trouble isn't with the joke. Maybe it's with you!
I suppose you don't think that's funny?
So do I.  Now, here's a great one... Ha! Ha! Ha!  Well, maybe it's not so good. Let's forget it! How's this? Two men are looking at the moon. One says to the other, "Is it true that a lot of people live on the moon?" "Yes, it is," says the other, "five hundred million." "Whew!" replies the first, "they must get pretty crowded when it's half moon!" Ha! Ha! Ha!
Two Scotchmen met on the street... and I don't know the name of the street and it really doesn't matter. Well, anyway, one's name was McIntosh and the other's was McGillicuddy. McIntosh says to McGillicuddy, "Hello, Mr. McGillicuddy," and McGillicuddy says to McIntosh, "Hello, Mr. McIntosh," and then McIntosh says to McGillicuddy, "How is Mrs. McGillicuddy?" and then McGillicuddy says to McIntosh, "How is Mrs. McIntosh?"...
Do you like Scotch stories?
Well, er... let's drop it. I don't think you would care for that one.
That's not a laugh! I mean a laugh from the heart. Now let's see. I'm going to tell you a funny story. Just a moment... I've got it! Well, it seems there were a couple of Frenchmen who went to America...
No, I can't leave you. I won't. Not yet. Not until I've made you laugh... at least once.
Because we are an odd couple.
At anything. At the whole ludicrous spectacle of life. At people being pompous and taking themselves seriously and exaggerating their own importance. If you can't find anything else to laugh at you can laugh at you and me.
Just smile.
Will you smile?
Death! Death! Always so glum! What about life, Ninotchka! Do Russians never think of life? Of the moment in which we are living? The only moment we really have? Don't take it all so seriously, Ninotchka. Nothing is worth it. Please... relax... I beg you, Sergeant... smile!
Oh, Ninotchka, who wants to talk business. If you win the suit, fine. If we win the suit, better. You do me an injustice.  When we went to my apartment did I have the slightest idea that you had any connection with this deal?
Must one always be after something?
Just an old man. His memory is getting weak.
But my dear child, I am most at home among working men. I hate the places where you circulate -- the Hotel Clarence... This is my natural element. After all, what are any of us? Workingmen! At least, those of us who are worth our salt. Hyah?
I always eat here.
I didn't follow you.
Pardon me for addressing you but you insulted him, you know that. You hurt his feelings. It was just like telling a musician you don't like music. That good old man believes in food as you believe in Karl Marx. You can't go around hurting people, Comrade Yakushova, but maybe you can make it up to him. Do you know how?  By eating everything with relish, by drinking everything with gusto, by having a good time for the first time in your natural life!
So! You want to make a strike breaker out of me! I am surprised at you, Comrade! Is it too much for the workers of the world to ask you to walk around the corner for lunch? All I can say to you is take your hammer and sickle and get out of that Royal Suite!
Room service speaking.
But, Ninotchka, I held you in my arms. You kissed me!
Ninotchka, you can't walk out like this... I'm crazy about you, and I thought I'd made an impression on you. You liked the white of my eye.
You know I want to...
Tonight let's not represent anybody but ourselves.
All right, fight me, fight me as much as you want, but fight me tomorrow morning! There's nothing sweeter than sharing a secret with a bitter enemy.
I have a better suggestion. Let's forget that the telephone ever rang. I never heard that you are Yakushova... you are Ninotchka... my Ninotchka...
Ninotchka, or shall I say Special Envoy Yakushova...
Oh, let it ring.
Glorious, analytical...
Oh, my barbaric Ninotchka. My impossible, unromantic, statistical...
Was that talkative?
You analyze everything out of existence. You analyze me out of existence. I won't let you. Love is not so simple. Ninotchka, Ninotchka, why do doves bill and coo? Why do snails, coldest of all creatures, circle interminably around each other? Why do moths fly hundreds of miles to find their mates? Why do flowers open their petals? Oh, Ninotchka, Ninotchka, surely you feel some slight symptom of the divine passion... a general warmth in the palms of your hands... a strange heaviness in your limbs... a burning of the lips that is not thirst but a thousand times more tantalizing, more exalting, than thirst?
I can't possibly think of a better reason.
It's midnight. One half of Paris is making love to the other half. Look at the clock. One hand has met the other hand. They kiss. Isn't that wonderful?
Do you hear that?
You're the most adorable cog I ever saw in my life. Ninotchka, Cogitska, let me confess something. Never did I dream I could feel like this toward a sergeant.
What kind of a girl are you, anyway?
Poor Ninotchka. Poor, poor Ninotchka.
I'd love to.  Tsk, tsk, tsk.
Wounded? How?
The bayonet? Did you really?
I'm at a loss, Ninotchka. You must forgive me if I appear a little old- fashioned. After all, I'm just a poor bourgeois.
I'd like to say it a thousand times.
You're the most improbable creature I've ever met in my life, Ninotchka, Ninotchka...
What can I possibly do to encourage such an impulse in you?
Oh, I see. What do you use instead?
Your cornea is terrific. Tell me -- you're so expert on things -- can it be that I'm falling in love with you?
Thank you.
Ninotchka, do you like me just a little bit?
Ni-notchka.
I begin to believe in it myself since I've met you. I still don't know what to make of it. It confuses me, it frightens me a little, but it fascinates me, Ninotchka.
Thank you. Thank you.
For mankind not a thing -- for womankind the record is not quite so bleak.
Keeping my body fit, keeping my mind alert, keeping my landlord appeased. That's a full-time job.
That's great. I'm thirty-five years old. Just over six feet tall. I weigh a hundred and eighty-two pounds stripped.
Not too big and not too small. What I'd call the typical room of an average man. Or shall we say a little above average. Now if there are any special aspects you wish to study I have nothing to conceal. Just look around. That's my desk. Those are my books, and here am I. Where shall we begin?
It helps. It has ever since King David wooed Bathsheba with the harp. As I am not so fortunate as to have my harp at hand, I shall turn on the radio.
We take off our hat and coat.  We sit down -- we make ourselves comfortable. We adjust ourselves to the prospect of a most enjoyable evening. We look at each other. We smile.  Well... we don't smile. How about some music?
Well, may I offer you a drink, or how about something to eat?
No, though the mere thought makes my mouth water.
He takes good care of that.
Yes.
I will do my best.
Now I didn't say that either... naturally nothing would please me more.
Please don't misunderstand me...
Well, let's say I live in it. Such a pleasant place... all kinds of comfort, easy to reach, close to street car, bus, and subway...
It's not the structure but the spirit which dwells within. There are three rooms and a kitchenette dedicated to hospitality.
What a city! There are the Grands Boulevards... blasted out of the heart of the old streets. The Arc de Triomphe... made to greet Napoleon's army. The Opera! And Montmartre... Montparnasse... La Boh�me... and now I'll show you the greatest attraction!  It will cost me a franc but it is worth it.  The most wonderful spot in all Paris -- unique! Here, look....  What do you see?
You must admit that this doomed old civilization sparkles... It glitters!
I'm glad I saw it before becoming extinct.
And thank you for getting me up here. I've never seen this before. Beautiful, isn't it?
Yes, very strange.
Four massive piers of masonry are sunk to a depth of forty-six feet on the side of the Seine, and twenty- nine and one-half feet on the other side. The girders of interlaced iron- work which stay the structure have an inclination of fifty-four degrees...
The foundation is one hundred and forty-one yards square...  I hope you'll forgive me but I thought you'd...
A Russian! I love Russians! Comrade... I have been fascinated by your Five- Year Plan for the past fifteen years!
Nothing has occurred recently to shake my confidence.
Madame, it is that kind of approach which has made Paris what it is.
I'll try.
I don't have to but I find it natural.
Here... here we are... here you are and here I am... feel it?
Bad manners to point with your own... Here... the Eiffel Tower.
Now, isn't that too bad! The last time I jumped I forgot to clock it!  Let me see... Eiffel Tower... Your finger, please.
Technical... I couldn't help you from that angle. You see, a real Parisian only goes to the top of the tower in moments of despair to jump off.
Is that thing lost again?... Listen... if you are interested in a view...
Facing north... I'd hate to commit myself without my compass... Pardon me... are you an explorer?
Love to.
Can I help you?
You're welcome.
No.
Have I? Do you know when I come to think about it it's staggering. If I add it all up I must have spent years waiting for signals. Imagine! An important part of my life wasted between whistles.
That's funny. It's interesting. I never gave it a thought before.
What?
Well -- until the policeman whistles again.
Gladly.
Me?
Thank you, Swana. You are very gracious.
That does it, Swana.  Now you mustn't miss your appointment with your hair-dresser.
Now, please, Swana.
Hello.
Do you expect me to believe that?
Has done what?
What is this, Swana?
I'm afraid that's what it is.
I have to be simple again, Swana, and you may find it shockingly banal. I've thought it over and I'm willing to take all the consequences, even if it means a complete readjustment of my way of living.
It must be serious, Swana. Not long ago I'd have considered such a statement rather juvenile and rather middle class. Now I can say it without stammering, without a blush. I'm in love, Swana.
There are a hundred ways to approach it, but I feel it can best be said in one simple phrase. I'm in love, Swana.
I know you hate the obvious but do you mind if, at this moment, I'm not in the least subtle?
This time, Swana -- just this once -- I must ask you to listen.
Yes.
I'm the one who should apologize. I should have talked to you before.
No thanks, Swana.
Will you do me a favor? Stop talking about the good old days.
There's a charming crowd here tonight, isn't there?
Months, Swana.
No... please...
Not at all. Your Highness, may I present Madame Yakushova?
Yes, Swana.
Yes, Swana, you did.
Yes, Swana.
Thank you.
Darling, if we're going to get anywhere someone has to keep his eyes open!
Timeless. When she comes into a room you'd think that the Bolsheviks had taken over Paris. She wears her cheap miserable blouse as though it were the latest model by Schiaparelli. What a woman! What a woman! There is a Russian snowstorm in each of her eyes.
You can't imagine.
Well... er... I caught a glimpse of her when she walked through the lobby.
That wouldn't have done any good. Not with her.  She's the most incredible creature I've ever seen.
No, and believe me I've tried everything! I must have telephoned her a hundred times. I've sent her telegrams, I've sent her flowers... I asked her to dinner... I offered her seats for the Opera...
Oh, please, Swana! I don't know whether I'm standing on my head or my heels. Here you are blaming me for neglecting you when I'm trying to concentrate on another woman and can't get near her.
Make it ice cold.
I just couldn't sleep. I got up and went back... and then got up again. These last few days... whew!
No.
Huh?
Darling, calm down. Why do you need a lawyer? Haven't you your little Volga boatman?
What did he say?
What does he say?
Did I hear something about jewels?
Oh, yes.
Too bad! Brings our price down ten thousand francs!
Darling, this would be wonderful! Just once... weren't you attacked by a Bolshevik?
I've got one chapter Guizot thinks is terrific. "Caviar and Blood." Swana escapes over the ice!
Yes, I'm your little Volga boatman.
Now, Swana...
I understand how you feel, but there is a limit to everything, particularly pride and dignity. They are willing to pay any price! They have a circulation of two million!
Sweetheart, we won't have to bother about our future if you are willing to raffle off your past!
Now listen, Swana... I sold Monsieur Guizot the idea of publishing your memoirs in the Gazette Parisienne. "The Life and Loves of the Grand Duchess Swana of Russia"!
You'd be surprised how many nice people dine with the Guizots.
We can be rich if you say the word. I had dinner with the Guizots last night.
We can forget horse racing, roulette, the stock market... our worries are over! You remember that platinum watch with the diamond numbers? You will be in a position to give it to me.
Darling, I was busy looking out for your interests.
Your conversation has one marvelous advantage, Swana. However many questions you ask you never expect an answer.
Good morning, Swana.
