From Leon.
It's from Paris.
Bring me forty-five back.
Well, here are fifty francs.
Have you any money?
You can have it for good. It is my wedding present.
You want this?
What is it, Anna?
You feel it, though.
Well, sometimes they're not completely covered but... they don't freeze.
No, my dear, it is true. That's how they live in the other world. Here we dress to have our bodies covered... to keep warm....
Yes.
When you get up you put on a negligee, and then you change to a morning frock.
A dress you wear in the evening.
An evening gown.
It was very silly.... I would be ashamed to wear it here.
Well, a hat...
No, I left everything in Paris. I just happened to be wearing this.
Thank you, Anna. I'll dry it up here when I wash it next. I should hate to see our country endangered by my underwear.
I see.
I have nothing to hide.
I haven't talked to anyone about Paris. I haven't said a word.
About what?
You should be more careful, Anna.
Well, I've saved up two eggs and each of my friends is bringing his own so we'll manage.
An omelet.
A few friends... just a little dinner party.
Too bad... you missed an inspiring day, Anna.
Aren't you late?
Good evening, Anna.
Who gave you this idea? What is responsible for all this?
Guest?
I don't know how I can get you out of it this time. How will it end? What will happen to you?
Friends... friends, Buljanoff, Iranoff...
And there is a Russian saying: "The cat who has cream on his whiskers had better find good excuses."
Is it possible to bring you back to reality for a moment? I must have a complete report of your negotiations and a detailed expense account.
But, Comrades...
Don't forget, the day will come when you will have to face Razinin.
I must be stern with you.
Don't worry... there will be enough.
Let's not close our eyes. There are many good things to see here too.
Now let's forget everything except that we're together.
Huh?... Why don't you get a haircut, Buljanoff? You all look so wintry, Comrades. And why do we always keep the windows closed?  Isn't it amazing, at home there's still snow and ice and here... Look at the birds. I always felt a little hurt that our swallows deserted us in the winter for capitalistic countries. Now I know why. We have the high ideal but they have the climate... well, Comrades, I don't think I need you any more.
You might get me an accurate map of Paris. I want to use my spare time to inspect the public utilities and make a study of all outstanding technical achievements in the city.
Do you spell Buljanoff with one or two f's?
Comrade Buljanoff...
You didn't get legal advice?
Which part of the room is mine?
Very good. The last mass trials were a great success. There are going to be fewer but better Russians.
You mean you are deserting Russia?
You've done it again and I am responsible. How can you forget yourselves this way? You were sent here to make money, not to spend it.
But Buljanoff, Iranoff, Kopalski...
Look for yourselves.
Only myself and two other girls. One is a cello player in the opera and the other a street-car conductor.
Come, now, you must not talk that way.... You have to adjust yourselves.... We must be brave.
Well, it means another two weeks in Paris.
Two thousand francs. If I stay here a week I will cost the Russian people seven cows.  Who am I to cost the Russian people seven cows?
Do you know how much a cow costs, Comrade Iranoff?
A week?
How much does this cost?
Comrade.
Comrade.
I am Nina Ivanovna Yakushova, Envoy Extraordinary, acting under direct orders of Comrade Commissar Razinin. Present me to your colleagues.
I am looking for Michael Simonovitch Iranoff.
Don't make it difficult for me. This is no more a pleasure trip for me than it is for you.
We will get that... we'll get everything... maybe a little bit later but we'll get it... We must be patient... Finally we got the spring, didn't we? We got the swallows, and you will get your apfel strudel too.
Now, comrades... there is something better in life than crumbs of French pastry.
The same spring we had in Paris. Just as good.
And it's great! Think what it was a few years ago and what it is now.
Sssh! Once and for all, we're in Moscow!
How are you, you three scoundrels?
No, not a thing. Would you like to go out?
Oh yes, Power and Light. Thank you.
You, Comrade Iranoff, go to the Public Library and get me the section of the Civil Code on property.
We cannot feed the Russian people on your intentions. Fifty per cent to a so-called Duchess!... Half of every loaf of bread to our enemy! Comrade Kopalski, go at once to our Embassy and get the address of the best lawyer in Paris.
Will you send me some cigarettes, please?  Comrades, I am not in a position to pass final judgment but at best you have been careless in your duty to the State.  You were entrusted with more than a mere sale of jewelry. Why are we peddling our precious possessions to the world at this time? Our next year's crop is in danger and you know it. Unless we can get foreign currency to buy tractors there will not be enough bread for our people. And you three comrades...
I will not repeat your mistake. I will have no dealings with the Grand Duchess nor her representative.
I hope so for your sake.  Let us examine the case. What does the lawyer say?
I am ashamed to put the picture of Lenin in a room like this.  Comrades, your telegram was received with great disfavor in Moscow.
What's that?
No, thank you.
Why?... Why should you carry other people's bags?
Don't make an issue of my womanhood. We are here for work... all of us. Let's not waste time. Shall we go?
Au revoir.
Well, there's nothing we can do about it. Why get excited?
I know, gentlemen, but it is in the hands of the Court. We're helpless, aren't we?
That's two weeks from Thursday...
I'm sorry, gentlemen. The other day I heard such a funny story...  It still makes me laugh. It is very funny.  I am sorry. Oh yes... about this injunction...
Well, when it is a choice between my personal interest and the good of my country, how can I waver? No one shall say Ninotchka was a bad Russian.
But, Leon, I am only here for a few days.
The one I got they wouldn't let me read.  It began, "Ninotchka, my darling," and ended, "Yours, Leon."
So -- you're behind all this. I should have known.
So happy and so tired.
Comrades! People of the world! The revolution is on the march... I know... wars will wash over us... bombs will fall... all civilization will crumble... but not yet, please... wait, wait... what's the hurry?  Let us be happy... give us our moment....  We are happy, aren't we, Leon?
Thank you, Leon... thank you, masses.  Can I make a speech now?
Is this the wish of the masses?
They belong to the people.
Czar Peter gave it to his wife, Catherine the Great. For it he sold ten thousand serfs in the market.
...they are the tears of Old Russia... see that stone?
It wouldn't be fair to the man in the street.  There they are... they are terrible things, those jewels....
There it is... Thursday... you can't rip it out of the week....
No music.
It's dead.
Well, then we turn twice to the right and stop at seven...
No, no news. We don't want to know what's happening in the world. We want to be left alone, don't we?
Oh yes, yes. It has a little knob that turns... a little knob... it must be somewhere around here... yes... here... I see...
Radio! What is radio?
I have paid the penalty. Now let's have some music.
Much happier.
Everyone wants to confess and if they don't confess they make them confess. I am a traitor. When I kissed you I betrayed the Russian ideal. Leon, I should be stood up against the wall.
I am so happy. No one can be so happy without being punished. I will be punished and I should be punished.  I want to confess, darling.
Our salute will be a kiss.
...and we won't clench our fist...
And we won't stretch up our arms...
No, don't let's have it any color... no color... just a house house... let's form our own party.
Not white, darling.
Are we going to build our little house?
Don't tell them where we're going, sweetheart.
I love you, my little Leonitchka!
No speech?
They are all Duchesses here... thousands of Duchesses... and I am going to tell them.
Comrades! Good people of France!
Don't shush me. I am People! I want to make a speech. I want to overthrow the Duchess!
I must talk to my brothers!
Comrades! Comrades!
Thursday.
Oh, everything is so wonderful! It's getting farther and farther away!
Oo! Darling! Something is the matter.
To the loveliest story I ever heard.
Wonderful -- if one could believe it.
Go on.
You never finished the one about the two Scotchmen with the names.
Quickly, please... tell me one of your funny stories.
How do you do?
From what I read I thought champagne was a strong drink. It's very delicate. Do people ever get drunk on this?
It's funny to look back. I was brought up on goat's milk, I had a ration of vodka in the army, and now champagne.
I wouldn't know. The closest I ever came to champagne was in a newsreel. The wife of some president was throwing it at a battleship.
Leon, don't ever ask me for a picture of myself... I couldn't bear the thought of being shut up in a drawer... I couldn't breathe, I couldn't stand it.
I suppose she is very entertaining... It must be lots of fun to be with her, so witty, so glamorous...
She is very attractive. She has great elegance.  She's what you call a woman of the world, isn't she?
When I was here before I noticed a photograph of a woman on the desk in a wide silver frame. I thought what a waste of silver. That's all that interested me then. Now I would like to know... what happened to the woman?
Did you make any change in this room?
If you don't want to answer, you needn't. But if you do, you must tell me the truth.
Leon, I would like to ask you something.
Leon, I want to tell you something which I thought I never would say, which I thought nobody ever should say, because I thought it didn't exist... and, Leon... I can't say it...
Leon, you know the jokes you told me a few days ago? I wake up in the middle of the night and laugh at them. Now, Leon that's wrong. I know they're not funny, they're silly. They're stupid. And still... I laugh... and when I look at Buljanoff and Iranoff and Kopalski I know they are scoundrels and I should hate them -- then I realize who made them like that, and instead of sending my report to Moscow I tear it up and go down and buy a ridiculous hat... and if this keeps on... am I too talkative?
Not radio. Let's have music that's just for ourselves.
Well, first I should like to take off my hat and jacket.  Then could we have some music?
It's nine o'clock.
For twelve francs, seventy-five.
I've never been here before. I wonder whom you're thinking of. Oh, I know, a girl with a map, figuring out each step, worrying about north and south. Today... now this might shock you... I went up to a taxi and said "Eight Rue du Bois"... and here I am.
I don't look too foolish?
Yes.
Yes.
No.
I don't think so.
No.
I wish they had never met.
I have never heard one.
Probably not.
On which boat?
Ha! Ha! Now go back.
Then you should go back to your table.
Why?
At what?
Why?
What?
But you have now, and I know now that you are a man who employs business methods which in Russia would be punished by death.
Your tactics are useless. My name is neither Buljanoff, Iranoff, nor Kopalski.
What are you after?
This is a place for workmen.
Then how did you get here?
I don't like your following me.
Send me a plate of raw carrots and beets, beets predominating on a ratio of sixty-forty... What? There is a strike in the kitchen? Good! Will you assure the strikers of my hearty sympathy in their cause. I hope they will not weaken in their demands and tell them to put no dressing whatsoever on my vegetables... What? You won't serve me either? Now look here, Comrade, I think it is a fine idea to let the capitalists go without luncheon but when you keep food away from me you're weakening the people.
I kissed the Polish lancer too... before he died.
Then do it through my lawyer!
It is out of the question. If you wish to approach me...
As a representative of Moscow...
I was sent here by my country to fight you.
Let's forget that we ever met.
I must go.
But one of your friends may be in need of you. You must answer.
The telephone is ringing.
Thank you.
No, that was restful. Again.
It's false sentimentality.
That's the way a clock works. There's nothing wonderful about it. You merely feel you must put yourself in a romantic mood to add to your exhilaration.
It's twelve o'clock.
Just what you see. A tiny cog in the great wheel of evolution.
Don't pity me. Pity the Polish lancer. After all, I'm alive.
A Polish lancer. I was sixteen.
I was a sergeant in the Third Cavalry Brigade. Would you like to see my wound?
I was wounded before Warsaw.
It's never too late to change. I used to belong to the petty bourgeoisie myself. My father and mother wanted me to stay and work on the farm, but I preferred the bayonet.
Don't do it, please.
You repeat yourself.
You don't have to do a thing. Chemically we are already quite sympathetic.
I acknowledge the existence of a natural impulse common to all.
You are bringing in wrong values. Love is a romantic designation for a most ordinary biological, or shall we say chemical, process. A lot of nonsense is talked and written about it.
Look at me. The whites of your eyes are clear. Your cornea is excellent.
Your general appearance is not distasteful.
That is correct.
You pronounce it incorrectly. Ni- notchka.
That is why I believe in the future of my country.
You are something we do not have in Russia.
And what do you do for mankind?
And what is your profession?
I will start with you.
I should say this room is eighteen by twenty-five.
Is that customary?
What do we do now?
Thank you. I've had all the calories necessary for today.
The day will come when you will be free. Go to bed, little father. We want to be alone.
He looks sad. Do you whip him?
Good evening, comrade.  This man is horribly old. You should not make him work.
Is this what you call the "butler"?
Then why don't we go?  You might be an interesting subject of study.
Then you don't want me to go there.
Does that mean that you want me to go there?
So that is your house?
I see a house that looks like any other house. What's remarkable about it?
I do not deny its beauty, but it is a waste of electricity.
Do not misunderstand me. I do not hold your frivolity against you.  As basic material you might not be bad, but you are the unfortunate product of a doomed culture. I feel sorry for you.
Yes, it is.
You gave me some very valuable information. Thank you.
That's a strange angle.
Go ahead.
Your type will soon be extinct.
I have heard of the arrogant male in capitalistic society. It is having a superior earning power that makes you like that.
You are very sure of yourself, aren't you?
For my own information would you call your approach toward me typical of the local morale?
Suppress it.
I am interested only in the shortest distance between these two points. Must you flirt?
And where are we?
Why do you need my finger?
How long does it take a man to land?
I am interested in the Eiffel Tower from a technical standpoint.
No... I am looking for the Eiffel Tower.
Correct me if I am wrong... We are facing north, aren't we?
You might hold this for me.
Thank you.
In other words you don't know.
Have you never been caught in a similar situation?
How many minutes between the first and second whistle?
At what intervals does he whistle?
How long do we have to wait here?
Yes. Could you give me some information?
You, please.
That's not the way to win him back... not Leon.
Go on.
I see. You have calculated in terms of hunger.
Won't those two years in court be expensive for you? I know that money was no object as long as you could squeeze it from the pockets of the people, but now...
Under Soviet law the jewels belong to the State. France is going to uphold that ownership.
In other words moral ideas have no weight with you... all right, then let's deal with legal facts. You know that France has recognized the Soviet.
They always belonged to the Russian people. They were paid for with their sweat, their blood, their lives and you will give them back!
I will have to face the consequences, but so will you. Don't forget they will ask how you got them.
You leave me no choice.
Where are they?
Where are they?
I told you to go, madame.
In that case I can only say good-by.
I must insist that you leave.
It is not enough to be witty, madame. People grow tired of being entertained. You made that mistake before. Problems were never solved by bowing from a balcony.
People cannot be taken away, madame, neither a hundred and sixty million nor one. Not if you have their love. You hadn't. That's why you're not in Russia any longer, and that's why you came here this morning.
If this is meant to be a joke it is not funny. Or do you still think you're issuing orders from your palace in Petrograd?
Madame, if you...
I must ask you to leave.
Madame, what is it you people always say, regardless of what you mean... "I am delighted to have you here"? I have not reached that stage of civilization.
We have nothing to discuss.
Please come to the point. What is it you want?
If you were encouraged to come here by our meeting last night I am afraid you misunderstood my attitude.
I think we can cut your visit short. Leon is not here.
What?
You're right, madame, it will all be over by Thursday.
Exactly. You see, it would have been embarrassing for people of my sort to wear low-cut gowns in the old Russia. The lashes of the Cossacks across our backs were not very becoming, and you know how vain women are.
Not at all.... I understand perfectly, Count d'Algout gave you a dog. You made it very clear, madame.
That's no business... that's a social injustice.
Why?
What do you want?
I will do my best.
How can I make myself clear... It is difficult to express but I'd rather not go to foreign countries any more. Please, Comrade... let me stay here... let me finish my work... I am in the rhythm of it now... I don't want to go away. I don't want to be sent into that foreign atmosphere again. It throws one out of gear.... Let me finish my work... I have concentrated everything in it... Please... don't make me go.
I am sorry, I don't want to overstep my position -- but please... don't send me.
I appreciate the confidence you show in me, but I must ask you to entrust someone else with this mission. I should hate to interrupt my present work. I am positive that my survey is more important than finding out whether three of our comrades have been drinking some extra glasses of champagne.
You want me to go to Constantinople?
Oh, they shouldn't do such things. Are you sure this report is correct?
May I ask what has happened?
No.
Thank you.
May I ask why?
I need very little sleep. We must be extremely careful what goods we take in exchange. I have already started a survey of our most urgent needs.
Yes.
Yes, it does.
Good morning, Comrade Commissar. Here is my report on the materials available for trading in the next four months.
The future of the common people.
Bring me something simple. I never think about food.
Raw carrots and beets.
This will do.
Where is it?
Where is that?
Where do you eat?
Can you recommend a restaurant?
