I know, Robert... But, strangely enough, I don't feel too bad about now... I feel all right... I guess it's easier... knowing Chauncey is here... to take care of things...
No more, Robert... No more needles...
In a minute, Robert - in a minute... Chauncey, I would like to ask a favor of you...
We have common foes, Chauncey - kid lawyers and our physician!
... No, of course you don't. Excuse me for being so presumptuous. No man knows everything about another man - however, very few are honest enough to admit it.
Of course! By kid-lawyers!
I know exactly what you mean. Today the businessman is at the mercy of kid-lawyers from the SEC. All they want to do is regulate our natural growth! It's happening across the country!
... I've worked very hard and enjoyed my life... I've known success... and I've felt love... My associates, Chauncey - I've talked with them about you... They're eager to meet you... very eager to meet you... I'm very fond of you, Chauncey... And I understand Eve... Tell her that... tell her I'm madly in love with her...
She cares for you and she needs your help, Chauncey... there's much to be looked after...
Let me feel the strength in your hand, Chauncey... Let me feel your strength...  Yes, that's good... I hope, Chauncey - I hope that you'll stay with Eve... Take care of her, watch over her, she's a delicate flower, Chauncey...
... I'm about to surrender the Horn of Plenty for the Horn of Gabriel, my boy...
... Chauncey... Chauncey...
Good. Together, the two of you should create quite a stir - I can already hear the gossip.
Senator Rowley's widow, Sophie, is hosting an evening reception tomorrow evening honoring Ambassador Skrapinov of the Soviet Union... I think it's rather obvious that Robert won't allow me to attend, so - would you go in my place, and escort Eve?
And now, Chauncey, I'm afraid you must excuse me - I'm very tired all of a sudden.
And, please, Chauncey - don't rush your decision. I know you're not a man to act on the spur of the moment.
Oh, sure you do, the financial assistance program. I think you might be just the man to take charge of such an undertaking. I'd like you to meet with the members of the Board, we'll be able to discuss the matter at greater length at that time.
... You know, Chauncey, there's something about you... You're direct, you grasp things quickly and you state them plainly. You don't play games with words to protect yourself. I feel I can speak to you frankly... You know what I was talking to you about last night?
He was quite impressed with your comments, Chauncey - he hears my sort of analysis from everyone, but yours, unfortunately - seldom if ever at all.
He's a decent fellow, the President, isn't he?
I think what my most insightful friend is saying, Mr. President, is that we welcome the inevitable seasons of nature, yet we are upset by the seasons of our economy.
... Maybe one day you shall find yourself in a similar position, Chauncey... Maybe one day...
Yes, when I was younger I had thoughts about public office... But I found, Chauncey - that I was able to contribute more as a private citizen... of course, my wealth provided me with considerable influence, but I've tried, believe me, not to misuse that power... It's extremely important, Chauncey, when one is in a position of eminence, that he does not allow himself to become blinded to the needs of the country... The temptations are strong, and I've been labeled a 'kingmaker' by many, but I have tried to stay open to voices of the people... I have tried to remain honest to myself...
No one likes a dying man, my boy - because few know what death is. All we know is the terror of it. But you're an exception, Chauncey - that's what I admire in you, your marvelous balance. You don't stagger back and forth between fear and hope - you're a truly peaceful man.
Hah! It's all make-up, Chauncey... I asked nurse Teresa to fix me up, I didn't want the President to think I was going to die during our talk.
Well, that's good news, my boy.
Chauncey, up and around this morning, are you?
... Oh?  Robert, take a look, would you?
Reluctant to speak, eh, Chauncey? Well, I can understand that. When a man loses everything, anger has a tendency to block out reason for a time. Just give it some thought, work with the idea, I'm sure you'll have plenty to say in a few days.
Yes, I'm sure it is. That's what they say, anyway.
Now, wait a minute, Chauncey you are young, you are healthy, for God's sake don't give up on yourself! You have to fight! You can't let those bastards keep you down! I don't want to hear any more from you about the 'Room Upstairs'. That's where I'm going soon.
Bravo!
A gardener! Well put, Chauncey excellent! Isn't that what a businessman is? A gardener? A person that makes flinty soil productive with the labor of his own hands, who waters it with the sweat from his own brow, and who creates a place of value for his family and community? Yes, Chauncey, what a brilliant metaphor -- yes, indeed, a productive businessman is a laborer in his own vineyard.
Do we have a garden? Hah! Tomorrow, Chauncey, you will see our gardens.
And I'm Ben.
That's good, Mr. Gardiner. Or may I call you Chauncey?
What'd I tell you? Kid-lawyers! The S.E.C.! Damn them!
Oh. When you say 'Your house has been closed', you mean to say that your business was shut down?
... So am I, my boy - so am I.
... You will join us for dinner, won't you, Mr. Gardiner?
... We're prisoners, Mr. Gardiner - we're prisoners of tubes and technology.
Failure of the bone marrow to produce red blood cells... Not a damn thing they can do about it. Oh, they can make me comfortable, prolong my life with steroid therapy and transfusions... And what makes my blood boil, what little I have left, that is, Mr. Gardiner - is that it's generally a young person's disease... Here I am, getting on in years and about to die of a young person's disease...
Sure you do. This ward is air tight, I have a little extra oxygen pumped in, keeps my spirits up.
Welcome to Rand Memorial Hospital, Mr. Gardiner.
... Thank you, Chauncey... Thank you very much.  ... All right, Robert, I'm all yours.
That's good... That's good.
I'm becoming quite attached to Chauncey - quite attached...  ... And so are you, aren't you, Eve.
Do you need a secretary?
Hah!... Tell me the truth, Eve - if I wait until I feel better, will I ever meet the man?
Reasonable? Good, I'd like to meet a reasonable man. Why don't you ask this Gardiner to join us for dinner?
I may be a shut-in, but I do not lack for news. I'm sorry you had to go through all that.
No, it's been a good day - better than yours, from what I've been told.
Tired... And I'm getting tired of being so tired. Other than that, I'm doing very well.
You take care too, Bobby.
You're right, Mr. President I don't like feeling sorry for myself.
Nonsense, Mr. President - I thank you for coming to spend time with a dying man.
No, she flew up to Boston for another charity event. She'll be sorry to have missed you.
I'm afraid so.
... There is no longer any margin for inflation, it has gone as far as it can, you've reached your limits on taxation, dependence on foreign energy has reached a crisis, and, from where I see it, Mr. President, the Free Enterprise System has reached the breaking point. We are on the brink of another crash from which recovery might not be possible.
I sympathize with your position, Mr. President, I know how difficult it is to be straightforward, the reaction to such a speech could be chaos.
Overall - pretty good. But, Mr. President, I think it's very dangerous to resort to temporary measures at this stage of the game.
Yes, I did.
Mr. President, I'd like you to meet my dear friend, Mr. Chauncey Gardiner.
I'm not convinced of that, Mr. President, but your visit has raised my spirits...
... Mr. President, how good to see you.
