Three guesses.
So have I.
It's only been a week. Keep sending him up.
WALKED RIGHT INTO IT.
Yeah, we get one of these guys every damn class.   "Maverick!"
Tell me one thing.
But you continued to fight.
The hard deck for this hop was ten thousand feet. Jester, at what point did you call off the fight?
I'll have to think about it. I don't know about them. I do know one thing, We've got a lot invested in you. We'd hate to lose it. Even more than those other guys, Naval Aviation needs a very few, very good men.
I didn't say that. That's up to you. I think that if you do, if you choose to come back, you'll be a better pilot... a better man.
Kid, the plain fact is...you are. I'm not gonna stand here and blow sunshine up your ass. Technically, they absolved you. You and I know what really happened. You pushed it. You are responsible and you'll always carry that. You know what, I'll carry it too. I should have taken you out of that cockpit. I guess I'm a hopeless romantic... I always try to find something worthwhile in someone's death. It's no trade-off. It's not one for one. What you learned isn't worth his death. It couldn't be. But maybe there is some value in it. I know it's the first thing I've ever seen that's really gotten to you. Now the question is, what will you do with it. If it gets you out of flight status...so you don't kill yourself or anybody else...that's good. That's one good thing. You were an accident waiting to happen.
Not something they tell dependents.
They waved him off. He thought he knew better. He hit the ramp.
You may not think so, but you are.
VF 51, the Oriskany. You remind me of him. You're just like he was, only better...and worse.
Sometimes it's luck, but in this case, he earned it... I served with your old man.
I didn't say that. That's up to you. But I have responsibility for the other guys up there, not just you. They need to know you're all right...that they can depend on you.
It's no disgrace, kid. That spin was hell. It would wreck anyone's confidence. You could be a good pilot again someday...
I didn't know either. That's why I told Jester to prepare your papers.
Or you can quit.
We can send you back to your squadron with nothing noted on your record except "CNC" --course not completed, no explanation required. Theoretically, it doesn't hurt your career, but people always wonder about things like that.
My wife's house.
No bother.
My first squadron in Vietnam, we lost eight out of eighteen planes. Ten guys. The first one kills you, but there'll be others--you can count on it.
Goose is dead.
How do you feel?
Oh, you mean the thrill!
Then why are you here?
Talent is no holy shield. Von Richtofen was killed by a farm boy. Instincts are not enough. Do it our way. We've worked these things out. The good pilots can become better and the great ones can learn how to stay alive.    Why do you have to do everything the hard way?
Of course you did. I said a great flyer, not a smart one. You fly reckless. Great instincts. No discipline. That ambush today, you followed your emotions instead of your wingman. Of course you got killed...and well deserved to. It was a really stupid mistake. In battle, it gets people killed.
Twenty years' experience, I couldn't shake you. You may be a great flyer. I mean that.
SNAPSHOT..MISSED HIM..
Big gamble with a thirty million dollar plane!
The rules of engagement are not flexible. They exist for your safety. You will obey them. Is that clear?
Why?
Is that how you remember it?
A good man. Good flyer.
You're father was Marvin Mitchell..
Maverick... Where'd you get that call sign?
I like that in a fighter pilot.  It's okay to be confident. You have to think you're King Kong to want to try to land on carriers. Just keep in mind the other component of success...teamwork.
Considering the company you're in, that's a pretty arrogant attitude.
