Not a word! Taylor's sewed up every paper. They're tossing out everything that comes in over the wires!
Kid--he thinks he's talking to that mob at home, but not a line we've written--not a word he's said from that floor has gotten into that home State.
He's a house-afire!
All I know is--he said to me tonight-- "What does your wife think?" My wife. Thinks we're married--
Come on--don't pull that. You know you'd give your right--. What are you staying away from him for?
Then--in the name of kindness to dumb animals--we can't let him walk into that Senate tomorrow and take a terrible punch in a nose! A couple of us went up there--told him all he could do was beat it--resign--clear out. But--he's in a daze--he's been hit by a ton of bricks. Just says, "I haven't done anything. Why should I resign?" He might *listen* to *you*--
He's cooked! They'll drum the poor lug out of that chamber tomorrow as sure as I'm--! And now they're all down on him. Yeah--my press pals, too--he's a bad egg--still water running deep. Boloney! It's the frame of all time! When I see a phoney like this--my journalist blood boils-- I wanna *fight*!  Look, kid--rack your brains, will you? Haven't you got any confidential stuff on that mob? I'll write my arm off--I'll blow Taylor and his--
You know, we're getting married.
Well--let's dig up the preacher, kid.
Hey! We're gettin' married--!
You said it!
Susan? Nah!
No--not offhand--
Okay--I mean--
Yeah, I know. That's okay.
What?
What?
We're gonna get married.
Well, let's get going.
Do we *have* to?
Have *you*?
Is the wind tired out there?
Tunnel?
I'll cherish ya.
Tonight?
Good idea. When?
Yeah.
Again? Good idea.
I apologize.
*I'm* just waiting for a street car--
No. How'd you feel? Quick.
Now--how'd Humpty-Dumpty get in here?
Mind, now! Keep Don Quixote out of here!
Now, you've gone and let Don Quixote in here again. I told you to keep him out!
Waiter!
My friends?
Yeah. Some of my best friends are funny.
Yeah. Funny--
"There's more light here," he says--
Now, look, kid--if we're gonna wonder, let's go down and do it over a hunk of steak.  Come on, snap out of it. Diz Moore-- that rarest of companions--is here at your side.  To genteel crime, kid.
Okay. So what? Stop worrying. I've told you--the dopes are gonna inherit the earth anyway--
Forget it, kid. What's it *to* you?
Oh--yeah--
What dame?
Well, well--  Yeah--I got smart and thought I'd slip one over on the old man in the press meeting. I said, "Mr. President, about the monopoly investigation--" And he jumps right in and says, "Diz, if you were sitting in my chair, would you answer the question you're about to ask?" He had me.
Well--I stuck my foot in it again at the President's press conference today--  How come so early? Get the day off?
Yeah. What about the second act?
Frankly, kid--are you goofy?
What do I play?
Oh, you mean--Puss in Boots.
Who?
What show? Would you mind telling me what's coming off here?
Now, you've got more sense than to put Nosey onto this guy--!
Kid--wait--what do you think you're going to do?
Will you go chase an ambulance!
Sure--sure--wait a minute now--simmer down--
You know--little worms--ambition.
You got worms.
Well, if you're sure it wouldn't--no use combing my hair for nothing.
I would cherish you--and stay sober.
You know--Mrs. Diz Moore.
That old standing offer from Diz Moore--Poet of Washington Correspondents.
Would you settle for a husband?
Well, because you're doing all right at the minute.
Eight to five Little Boy Blue is plastered.
Hey--you're into me for a buck already. I say--McGann. Shoot the whole dollar.
Getting on to dinner, isn't it, pal?
That--or he's out blazing trails. He'll show up.
No!
