Blow a bugle!
And while you're at it, get me a bed!
I'll brain that guy! Well--call Paine-- call Saunders--
What for? Why, suppose there's a storm--all lines are down--how you gonna get a message to Ma?
Yes, sir.  All right, boys--let's go.
Oh--oh.
He's batty!
Terrific! A born stooge! Horace'll perform like a trained seal.
*You* tell Jim Taylor.
Relax, Happy. Jim said to wait.
What makes you think he's got *anything* to do with it?
Uh--Senator--I thought you and me might go out to dinner together--and grab off a few monuments.
H'ya, Senator. I--I've sorta been looking for you--
What? Who?
All right, Senator--let's get these bags and the livestock together--
Well, that ends that crisis. This way, Senator.
Boy! My head's like a balloon--for two whole days. I never knew there was so much American history.
The porter's got them. They're coming.
Yeah, for the fifth time, Senator-- Washington.
What does he want to--? What's *he* doing writing a Bill?
A Bill! Not *him*!
What do you mean? What's going on?
Yeah? Well, when I get my hands on a red-headed doll with a southern lingo, I'll--
Whaddaya mean! What did *I* have to do with it? I don't blame the guy.  Wow! Twenty-four hours in this town and nothing but dog-fights! And things aren't bad enough--last night I have to get a run-around from some wise dame--
What! Who?
Well! Hear anything? Any sign of him?
Your Ranger's on the garbage pile, Happy! He's done for!
Saunders! I'd like to tie her in a sack and drop her from the Brooklyn Bridge--
Joe--listen--all Susan has to do is turn those big eyes on him--he'll fall all over himself--just keep him out of there *one afternoon*--while they read that bill--
Well, then--this is too much for *my* lame brain. I'm calling Jim Taylor.
Susan!
Listen--tomorrow I take him to see monuments--if I have to hit him over the head with a couple!
Tomorrow! Joe--he'll hear the section on Willet Dam. He can't be there!
Joe--I'm getting leery of this guy. We keep calling him dumb--and he keeps winding up in our hair! I'm telling you--when he finds out there's a dam going up where he wants his camp, he's gonna start asking questions six ways from Sunday--
That's dynamite, Joe!
Did I hear right? Did he say *Willet Creek*?
Joe! You *told* him to!
Joe--drop everything and come with me!
Listen, Joe--at least--after a day like this--I got one good bust coming before I start showing him monuments--
I've got 'im, Joe. Be right along.
H'ya, Carl--h'ya, Bill!
Here, I'll take a dozen of those things. Miss Paine.
Fine thing Jim Taylor wished on me-- show him the monuments--I need this job like I need ten pounds.
