Oh! Go away.
All right, why?
Fine. The first thing to do is-- present Mr. Smith to the press--in the *right* way. Hurry him along, Bill.
Good. Are the newspaper men at the hotel?
Are you ready for him, Bill?
No, Jeff--please--!
Mr. President, have I permission to bring into this Chamber evidence of the response from my State?
The gentleman has said repeatedly that he is speaking to the people of his State. He has been waiting, as he so fancifully puts it, for them to come marching here in droves. Would the gentleman be interested in knowing what those people have to say?
I *did* see Taylor! And I was in that room!
He has imputed to me conduct unworthy a Senator--and I demand he be made to yield the floor--!
Mr. President! A point of order!
Will the Senator--
The committee ruled otherwise! The gentleman stands guilty as charged. And I believe I speak for all the members when I say that no one cares to hear what a man of his condemned character has to say about *any* section of *any* legislation before this house!
I wish to ask the gentleman--has he one shred of evidence to add now to the defense he did not give--and *could* not give at that same hearing?
Every *aspect* of this matter--the gentleman's attack on that section-- everything--was dealt with in the committee hearing--
Does my colleague's piece concern Section Forty of the bill--a dam on Willet Creek?
Will he *yield*?
Will he yield for a question?
Mr. President--gentlemen--I--I have risen to a painful duty--to say that, out of evidence that has come to my attention, I consider Senator Smith unworthy to address this body!
Jeff! You're trying to understand in a moment everything about a project that took two years to set up--the reasons--the benefits--
Jeff--listen--this was all taken up in the State Legislature and approved-- they're going to divert waters from up above--
Goodnight, Jeff.
Good as new! It's quite all right--
That's all right, my boy--don't bother--
Here--where are you running off to?
Nonsense, Jeff.
What's to stop you? Saunders will help you with it--
Well, why not do it? There's a job for you. Get a Bill started to accomplish it--present it to Congress-- it would be a great experience--
Jeff, look--didn't you say something to the papers about wanting to create a National Boys' camp? Were you in earnest about that?
The *Bills*? Jeff--let me advise you-- as your father would--politics is a business--sometimes a cruel business. In your time here, you couldn't even start on those Bills. They're put together by legal minds--after a long study. Why, after twenty years, I can't understand half of them myself. No, really, Jeff--in your own interests--
No.
Shot in the back. I was there. I can see him at that old roll top desk, still with his hat on... still with his hat on...
His last fight was his best, Jeff. He and his little four-page paper against that mining syndicate and all to defend the right of one small miner who stuck to his claim. You know, they tried everything, bribery, intimidation, then--well--
You don't have to tell me Jeff. We were a team, the two of us, a struggling editor and a struggling lawyer. The twin champions of lost causes, they used to call us.
Even to the hat. Same old dreamer, too. One look at you and I can see him, back of his old roll top desk, hat and all, getting out his paper. Always kept his hat on his head so as to be ready to do battle. Clayton Smith, editor and publisher, and champion of lost causes.
"Boy Stuff." Why, printer's ink runs in your veins, Jeff. You're just like your father.
Shut up! You've *got* the man pilloried! Do you have to dance around him like a cannibal--!
--now he wants to talk to the Congressmen from the Willet Creek districts--he's run their names down--
--I've used every argument in the world to try to turn him off. He just keeps coming back to the dam-- and what he knows--
Jim's methods won't do in Washington.
My daughter isn't here to carry out assignments like that for *anybody*.
That won't work, Chick. This boy's honest, not stupid.
I know that.
Be quiet, Chick--I'm trying to think--  This Deficiency Bill is going to be read in the Senate tomorrow.
--amazing coincidence! Of all places in the world--to choose Willet Creek for his boys' camp!
Let's get away from here.
Yes--a camp bill that will never get beyond a first reading. So calm down, Chick--and--goodnight.
What's the matter?
Eleven B Street, Northeast. Take his bags and your own right over--and get yourself a room in the same place--
Chick--
Jeff--meet Mr. Cook and Mr. Griffith-- members of our State headquarters here.
Here, Jeff, I'll advance it for you.-- Fine introduction to the nation's capital!
You can't find it in racing forms, Chick.
Every word that boy said is the truth! I'm not fit for office! I'm not fit for any place of honor or trust in this land! Expel me--!
It's too late now--it's *impossible*!
I thought I could, too.  *My* business--this fine future! I have no future I *care* about, if this boy is broken! I--I can't sleep. The only important thing in my life now is to save what I can for him. I want him to get a start again--I'll see that he's taken care of as long as he lives--!  Saunders--whether you ever mean anything to him or not--
Do you?
But--you love him, don't you, Saunders?
He's lost complete faith in me--
Yes--
Saunders--it's going to go pretty bad for Jeff tomorrow. There's only one thing that can be done for him now--  I--I've written his resignation. He resigns under protest--denying all charges. No one will ever be sure if he was guilty or not. It leaves him with at least a shred of honor. The other way--branded openly in the Senate--expelled--he'll never live it down. Rather a simple compromise than utter ruin. In a year--the whole thing might be forgotten--
I see. All right. You finish this job properly--and you get a handsome bonus besides--
What do you mean?
You deserve a lot better. And I'll tell you what we'll do. Stay and play nurse, as you say--and if certain things happen I'm taking everybody up with me, and you'll get one of the biggest jobs in Washington.
You're more than that. I've had example of the fact that wild horses couldn't pull confidential matter in these two offices out of you. That's why I tell you what I do--about Smith and this situation. So, you see--
You see--Governor Hopper made an appointment in this case that--well, Jeff isn't exactly fitted to the work, let's say. He's here to see monuments--and pass the time. That's important to--to my work--and everybody concerned. So, someone who can be trusted has to occupy him and keep him out of trouble--
I meant it for one. I meant--Sam Foley couldn't get along without you-- and neither can I at the moment--
You're the best nurse I can think of--
Oh, now--that won't do--
Well--that's very fine.  Saunders, some person in your office says you've quit--
By the way, Mr. McGann just phoned-- in a high fever. Smith's gone again. Have you any idea where?
No?
Yes. Good morning, Saunders.  Have you--uh--any idea how this happened?
I hit him from the floor with everything I knew!
And if he can raise public opinion against us--if any *part* of this sticks--
Jim--the boy's talking to that State-- the story is out--!
No--I--I'll take a walk--
Maybe he won't get up.
It's crucifying him--!
You can't say *that* to--
Jim!
Congressmen, Radner, Schultz, Diggs--
Jeff--this is Mr. Taylor.
Jim, it's just that I like the kid-- I don't want to see you get too rough on him.
Jim, you don't have to--
I don't want any part of crucifying this boy.
Jim, I won't stand for it.
Oh, Jim, that's beside the point. This boy's different. He's honest and beside he thinks the world of me. We can't do this to him.
Jim, you can't come here and pull that steamroller stuff. Your methods won't do here. This boy is a Senator, however it happened, he's a Senator. This is Washington.
Wait a minute--Jim--you didn't ask *Smith* over here!
A young patriot?--Who recites Jefferson and Lincoln?--turned loose in our nation's capital? I think I can.
Wait a minute, boys. Happy may have hit on something tremendous here. Rather than let Miller or anyone else in at this stage, we simply put blinders on this simple son of nature-- and turn him loose on monuments. He's completely out of the way in Washington, and as Happy says, you make political capital out of it at home.
Well, then appoint Miller--if you're sure he'll take orders.
Jim--if what you say about the future is remotely possible--why not do as I say--drop things like this dam?
I know, but is it worth the risk of a scandal now that a new man is going to the Senate?
How much does the Willet Dam mean to you, Jim?
Jim--suppose we didn't try to go through with this Willet Creek Dam-- suppose we postpone it until the next session of Congress--or drop it altogether--
--in other words, Jim--with this Willet Creek Dam on the fire--the man who goes to the Senate now in Sam Foley's place can't ask any questions or talk out of turn. We must be absolutely sure of him.
And Honest Abe's ideals. A rare man-- these days.
Well, at the expense of some of the furniture, Susan--you've made another conquest.
Jefferson dropped in for a minute, Susan.
Do I actually *see* this--?
His first 'whiff'!
All right, we'll take Jeff with us--
Here, here, Susan--this is Jeff Smith-- our new Senator.
Page boys!
Mr. President, will the Senator yield for a question?
Finally, there was only one answer to a man like him--the truth--which I rose and gave to this body!  Mr. President--he has told lie upon lie--every lie a desperate attempt to conceal his own guilt. And now, he is trying to blackmail this Senate-- as he tried to blackmail me! To prevent his expulsion, he would probably even try to hold up this Deficiency Bill--vital to the whole country--which must be passed immediately--*today*! *Anything*--to force you to clear his bad name and save his hide!  Gentlemen--I--I have no more patience with this--this *rascally* character. I apologize to this body for his appointment--I regret I had ever known him. I--I'm sick and tired of this contemptible young man and I refuse to listen to him any longer! I hope every member of this body feels as I do!
--to avoid bringing disgrace upon a clean and honorable State!
I accuse this man--by his tone--by his careful denials--he is deliberately trying to plant damaging impressions of my conduct--! *I'll* tell you why we were in tht room. Because Mr. Taylor, a respected citizen of our State, had brought with him the evidence against this man, later presented from this floor, and *we were urging him to resign*-- !
It was *I* who rose in this Chamber to accuse him. He is saying that I was carrying out criminal orders on falsified evidence--
Will the Senator yield?
Mr. President! Will the Senator yield?
I present the credentials of Honorable Jefferson Smith who has just been appointed Senator by the Governor of my state.
Mr. President...
