Freedom of the press! Mr. James Taylor blindfolding a whole State--  Wait a minute! If that's how he wants to play *I'll* get through to that bunch--I'll get plenty of words into that, State--!  Come on, Diz, get that stuff you've written--let me have it--
What!
Diz!
Diz--get what he says to the people back in that State. It's up to you and the boys. Keep those wires hot. Fire away, pal!
The war's on!
Well, then, that's great! And that's a great place to leave it! It's no use *my* barging into this now and--
You don't think he'd want *me* within fifty miles, do you?--after the exhibition he saw me give! Did you see his *face*--?
Why me?
I've told you ten times--if I had anything they couldn't bat down in a second, don't you suppose I'd've been up in that hearing yelling murder! Sure--he was cooked the night I sounded off like a fool and spilled the whole works!
Take me home, Diz.
Huh?
Right now--everything I own--!
I'm getting out of there. Right now, Diz. Right now. Bonus or no bonus. I'm gonna clear outa that office-- everything I own--my extra hat-- everything--
I won't take it! See? I won't be party to murder. See? Steering a poor dope up blind alleys for that grafting Taylor mob is low enough. But helping that dame cut him up in little pieces besides--nobody's gonna make me do that. No, sir.
Nothing like--uh--Susan--or anything like that, huh?
You don't know a name off-hand you like better, do you, Diz?
Don't say "okay," Diz. Say you think it's beautiful.
My first name's--Clarissa.
I case you don't know--I want to give ya a chance to back out if you don't like it--
Yeah--that's right. Diz--
Where?
No! I can't think of anything more sappy!)
No.
Or angry little mountain streams-- and cattle moving against the sun. You haven't seen any of that, have you, Diz?
You've never seen prairie grass with the wind leaning on it, have you, Diz?
You--you've been a good egg, Diz. Maybe we could clear out of this town--get to feel like *people*--get the habit of lifting up our eyes-- live like we just got out of a tunnel.
Okay. You don't mind?
Any time.
How about getting married?
Diz--
*All right*, then. After all, what's it to me? So they *drop* him out of a balloon. All I care is--I don't want to be around. See? Squeamish. See? That's what I am. No, sir. I don't have to take it. Won't be a party to no murder. I'm gonna quit. I'm through.
Well--cut it out. See? Who *cares* anyway?
Like a mother sending her kid off to school for the first time--watchin' the little fella toddling off--in his best bib and tucker--and you sink in the middle--hoping he can stand up to the other kids--won't get his feeling hurt--and--if you could only spare him the knocks he's gotta take--  Say--who started this?
Do you know how I felt, Diz?
And I got him all dressed up, too-- to go way up in a balloon--so they can drop him a long way--make sure they break his heart. Why, not all the Boy Rangers in the world, working night shifts, 'll be able to put Humpty-Dumpty together again--
Shut up, Diz.
--followin' Miss Susan Fass-Pass around--his little heart poundin' away--the sound of angels' wings in his ears.
Old Don Quixote--man of the people Smith--
Every time I think of it, I get a laugh, Diz.
Yeah.
Drunks are funny--
Why do I always laugh at that?
And to Don Quixote!
I've wondered, Diz--maybe this Don Quixote's got the jump on all of us. I've wondered--maybe it's a curse to go through life wised up like you and me--
Nothing. I'm just saying--I might be able to lie, cheat, steal--and I'd still tear into a guy I saw kicking a dog. Not that *he* is, by a long shot--
He isn't going to hurt enough as it is. *She* has to twist a knife in him, too--the regal jackass! "I'll turn my glamour on him," she says--
Paine.
I don't mind *who* gets licked in a *fair* fight, Diz. It's these clouts below the belt I can't take. Sicking that horrible dame on him--when he's goofy about her--
They decoyed the little General off to a tea party to keep him out of the Senate.
That's taking place outside now.
Did you like the first act?
Diz--Don Quixote with bill is going to get to his feet in a minute and speak two important words--*Willet Creek*. When that happens--if my hunch is right--the Silver Knight will fall off his tightrope and Puss will jump out of his boots.
You play--left field.
The Silver Knight. Soul of Honor--on a tight-rope.
Yes. Mostly "Puss."  Oh, the *other* prominent character in the play.
That gorilla in Man's clothing-- McGann.
Ah. One of the supporting characters.
Certainly.  Now there's the principal actor in our little play.
Sit tight, Diz. The show commences in just a minute.
Wait--wait. Let's see--watchdog McGann-- he's bound to move right in--get him out of the way first--  Pardon me, friend--I've got some telephoning to do--!
Get my *whole* fall outfit--and quit this job in style!
Whadaya mean--*right*?
I'm still asking myself--what is he-- animal, vegetable, or mineral? A Senator! A United States Senator! I thought I'd seen everything but-- why, he doesn't know what time it is, Diz! When I think of myself sitting around--playing straight for all that phoney, patriotic chatter-- *me*, carrying bibs for an infant with little flags in his fists--no, I can't take it, Diz--I'm through--I quit!
Yeah. Should have seen me seven years ago--when I came to this town. *Now* what am I?--chambermaid to the Pied Piper of Jackson City; *Honorary* appointment! Scratch this thing an you'll find they wanted a dope here for two months.
What! Who?
No--don't do it. I'm sure. The truth is, Diz--there's no man I've seen yet or--must be something wrong with me. I've been feeling low for weeks.
Diz, you're a swell playmate--but--. Maybe if I saw you once with your hair combed, or something--or--no, no--I don't think even that would do it--
Oh--that again. Yeah.
Huh?
What's this, Diz?
When Foley died, why didn't I clear out? How many times, did you hear me say I was fed up on politics and--? But *no*--I let 'em talk me into staying. Secretary to a leader of little squirts. Why? Because I need the job and a new suit of clothes.
Tell me why!
Well, why don't they try the police-- get some blood hounds--or Indian guides--
No, not yet, Senator Paine--not hide nor hair of the man. You mean to say the boys haven't--?
Okay. For the dollar, I give you McGann *and* Bill and Carl. I got Paine.  Hello... Oh, yes.
Well--who d'you take this time--Paine, Bill, Carl--or McGann?
I give that Trail Blazer five more minutes to show up--  --*five more minutes*!
Sure--sure. He must have a compass with him.
How do you *like* this! You don't suppose that ranger met up with some kids--and took 'em for a hike!
Sure. Sure. I'll hang a light in the steeple. One if by land--two if by sea!... Okay!  Diz--you won't believe it. Daniel Boone's *lost*!
Jeff--wait--they want you to speak!
To a hard night's work, son. Come on!
Hurray!
We'll *find* one! Only throw compromise out of the window--stick to Jeff Smith, the man who first came to this town--get up and *fight*-- and we'll find *some* way. I don't know where we'll wind up--but the flag'll be flying--!
Jeff--listen--remember the day you got here?--what you said about Mr. Lincoln?--that he was sitting up there--watching--waiting for someone to come along? Well--that was *you*. Someone with a little plain, decent, uncompromising *rightness*--to root out the Taylors--yeah, and really light up that dome for once. This country could use some of that--so could the whole drunken, cockeyed world right now--a *lot* of it! And when the right man comes along--no matter *what* the odds--he can't *ever* quit! A little fellow called David walked out with only a sling- shot--but he had the *truth* on his side--
I don't care *what* you've done! Don't quit. Don't grab a measly chance like this to save a few pieces--other men could--but not you. As long as you lived, you'd remember you ran out and threw this country of yours to the jackals--!
What you *have* to do is fight!
I *don't* think that's the thing to do! No! I think what you ought to do is--*fight*!
Well, I guess it's a chance.
It might save some of the pieces, Jeff. It would leave a doubt about the whole thing--about you. Might blow over, this way.
What are you going to do?
No. That night--I--well, *you* know-- I was pretty--. No--Diz is a--a sort of brother, that's all--
I'm not.
Hello.
And you're writing Ma all about it. And your pigeons will carry the message of love. And the first thing you know--Susan Paine'll get the best jar of preserves she ever tasted!
I know. Don't tell me. It was a wonderful party. Your suit went over big. And she looked beautiful, and she gave her hand when you left her-- and said--"Thank you, Mr. Smith." Oh, but it was the way she *said* it. You like to fell through the floor--Horseradish!
Get your hat, Senator. We've got a lot to do between now and tomorrow--
Yes--right here. Just a second--  Miss Paine.
Don't mention it--
Thanks a lot.
Do you want to dictate them?
Not another bill?
Second drawer.
Oh, those are only local. Wait'll they start pouring in from all over the country.
Contributions from boys who read about your camp.
Must have been tickled pink.
Great.
One of the plagues on members of Congress--office-seekers, cranks, people with pet bills. Get my son into West Point--or *outta* West Point. I've got a scheme to put people to work. How do I get rid of cockroaches? Some woman's composed a hymn to replace the Star Spangled Banner. Want to hear it?
Nothing. I just wondered. No *reason* to take it up with him.  "--about a quarter of a mile on either side of Willet Creek--"
No, I haven't. I guess I thought the name was familiar.  By the way, you discussed with Senator Paine where the camp was to be situated and everything?
No--
In Terry Canyon?
And a beautiful woman, too--don't you think?
Now, *Susan*--that's really a *pretty* name--
You win. It's--Clarissa.
No! Stop it!
No!
No!
It *is* not!
Well, if it's all the same to you--
Look--I think we ought to skip it.
I also answer to whistles.
Why?
Terrible, thank you.
Go right ahead.
I don't see where we are *with* it.
Have I?
No complaints.
No, they couldn't. Father was a doctor. The kind who placed ethics above collections. That speaks well for Father but it always left us kind of--  Could we get on with this, Senator?
Since sixteen or so.
City-dwellers never do that--for fear of what might drop *in* 'em.
Baltimore. Pure city-dweller.
No.
Now, this camp is going to be out in your state, of course--
Uh--getting back to this, Senator--
He did?
But you've just taken care of the spirit all right.
On paper?
Now, let's get down to particulars. How big is this thing? Where is it to be? How many boys will it take care of? If they're going to buy it-- how do they make their contributions? Your Bill has to have all that in it--
Try sitting down.
Yes, Senator--*twice*.
Thanks very much.
Yes--sure. Why not?  You don't mind if I take the time to get a pencil?
Pardon?
Yes. House. More amendments--more changes--and the Bill goes back to the Senate--and *waits its turn on the calendar again*. The Senate doesn't like what the house did to the Bill. They make more changes. The House doesn't like *those* changes. Stymie. So they appoint men from each house to go into a huddle called a conference and battle it out. Besides that, all the lobbyists interested give cocktail parties for and against--government departments get in their two cents' worth--cabinet members--budget bureaus--embassies. Finally, if the Bill is alive after all this vivisection, it comes to a vote. Yes, sir--the big day finally arrives. And--nine times out of ten, they vote it down.  Are you catching on, Senator?
Pardon me--*this* is. Where are we now?
A committee of the majority party leaders. They decide when a Bill is important enough to be moved up toward the head of the list--
Do you really think we're getting anywhere.
What?
That's the order of business. Your Bill has to stand *way* back there in line unless the Steering Committee decides it is important enough to be--
Yes. They give it to a *sub*- committee, where they really give it a going over--hold hearings--call in people and ask questions--then report back to the bigger committee--where it's considered some more, changed, amended, or whatever. Days are going by, Senator. Days--weeks. Finally, they think it's quite a Bill. It goes over to the House of Representatives for debate and a vote. *But* it's got to wait its turn on the calendar--
Good. Where are we?
Look--committees--small groups of Senators--have to sift a Bill down-- look into it--study it--and report to the whole Senate. You can't take a Bill no one knows anything about and discuss it among ninety-six men. Where would you get?
That's how Congress--or any large body--is run. All work has to be done by committee.
Committee.
You get to your feet in the Senate and present it. Then you take the Bill and put it in a little box-- like a letter box--on the side of the rostrum. Just hold it between thumb and forefinger and drop it in. Clerks read it and refer it to the right committee--
Uh-huh. Well, dinner comes in on trays. We're executives. And we light into this. It is dawn. Your Bill is ready. You go over there and introduce it--
Tonight.  Look--uh--I don't want to seem to be complaining, Senator--but in all civilized countries, there's an institution called *dinner*--!
A *day*!
Oh, yes. And *I'm* helping. Simple-- and I'm helping. So we knock this off in record-breaking time of--let's say three or four days--
I see. *This* one is so simple--
Fine. Now, what does he do? He's got to sit down first and write it up. The where, when, why, how--and everything else. That takes time--
If I were *triplets*, I couldn't--. Look, Senator--let me give you a rough idea. A member has a Bill in mind--like you--a camp. Right?
My dear Senator, have you the faintest idea of what it takes to get a Bill passed?
Pardon me. Senator Paine decided this *with* you?
One moment, Senator. Do I understand you're going to present a *Bill*?
We're going right ahead with--*what*?
I had a lot to do with that little press conference last night--
Go ahead--punch.
You *couldn't*?
Oh--a wonderful thing--yes. Get you right in the mood--yes--yes.
No. What had you better--?
With or without 'em.  Twelve--noon. The Senate convenes at twelve o'clock.
Convene?
You--uh--you better relax, Senator. You'll be plumb wore out.
I wouldn't know in the *day time*.
Now, if you're ready, Senator, we can start for the hotel. I'll *see* that you get there.
Well--he's got nothing on me.
Most natural thing in the world!
There *what* was?
Did you say--bus?
Yes, I'm Saunders--and this is Mr. Moore--a member of the press. Meet the *Senator*, Mr. Moore.
Oh, no--no!  My dear *Senator*--it may be customary out on the prairie to take French leave of people and not be heard of again for five hours--
What's your name?
No!
*No*!
What is it?
Why, he's a Senator, isn't he? I'm surprised at you, Mister McGann--
The Head Man's writing a Bill.
I wouldn't wait if I were you.
My, my--you sho' are pahwerfully upset, Mister McGann--but you' awfully cute.
That's what he's been doing since last heard from.
How'd you like a punch in the nose?
Well, that's out. Either it's *lots* of reporters and *lots* of tickets or--. Now will you go and call 'em before I change my mind about the whole thing!
Look, Nosey--your pals would like to get in on this, wouldn't they?
Well, well!
Go away, Nosey.
He did it.
So I go right back where I was-- carrying compromises--covering up-- back to political tricks--this time for--! No! I was just getting rid of all that. If I did *anything*, I ought to go and tell him to stand up and--. No! I don't want any part of it! Smith or anything else! I'm all through. I want to be left alone!
*Me! Me*! I *still* don't see why I should--! If you love him so much, why don't you go to him yourself and-- ? Or better still--get up in that Senate and *fight* for him!
All right--*yes*! And what does that make me to him? *Nothing*! I've got to go about my own business--and forget it!
What are you talking about? What difference--?
Well--me, too!
Why don't you do it yourself?
What are you driving at? You want *me* to get him to sign that?
What do you want, Senator?
Well, when I first came to Washington, my eyes were big, blue question marks-- now they're big, green dollar marks--
Yeah?  And what else?
Yeah--I see I'm right where I've been for seven years--
And I'm an old hand at following instructions--
No?
Nice *compliment*!
Look, Senator--I wasn't given a brain just to tell a Boy Ranger what time it is. What do you need me for? Get somebody else--get a registered nurse--
That's right.
Yes. He went to Mount Vernon to give himself a patriotic address.
No--I'm sorry. I merely saw him home. I'm not supposed to tuck him in and give him his bottle. That's McGann's job.
The ranger's notices? No idea at all.
You want to see me, Senator?
