I doubt it! Come on, Ken.
You couldn't understand! Listen, Ten Thumbs, I'll be on my way to Washington in half an hour. Whatever happens, I'm all ready for this Ranger of yours. Never mind how. You'll get your instructions from Ken Allen here. It isn't anything you have to do. I wouldn't trust you to lick a stamp. Allen'll do it himself. You just use your *high office* to help him get it done. Understand?
Yes! He's about to blow the whole machine to smithereens--and *you with it*, Mr. Governor!
Boy Ranger! The answer to a prayer. Manna from heaven! Didn't know the time of day--!
*But you never asked me*!
But you went ahead and made this appointment without asking me--
What!
--a *boy ranger* a squirrel chaser-- to the United States Senate!
*Your* political future! I bought it for you and made you a present. And I can grab it back so fast it'll make your head spin. You got a nerve to stand there and worry about just *your future* when we're in this spot!  The man is--*Miller*.
*You won't?*
I said forget 'em! Horace Miller goes to the Senate--and that settles it!
We can't help *what* they were! Forget 'em!
*Henry Hill?* That crackpot? That long-haired--! Why, you should have killed that so fast--!
They put up *their* candidate? Who?
Happy, for reasons there isn't time to go into--it's got to be Miller! We've given you the man. Now write the ticket.  Come on, Joe. Come on, Chick.
Happy, we've got the man. Horace Miller!
You'll see those committees when we're finished!
Yes! I've told Senator Paine for twenty years--
Can't you?
Mine? Why--naturally--whatever benefits the state is mighty important to me--owning a lot of its industry-- newspapers and other odds and ends. And if I thought you had the welfare of the state at heart, like myself-- for instance, if you were to turn around and help a project like this along instead of standing in the way-- why, I'd say you were a man to watch. For a fellow your age, you'd be in a spot to make a great start in life. If you liked business--you could pick any job in the state and go right to the top. Or politics. If you like being a Senator. No reason why you couldn't come back to that Senate for the rest of your life.
But you have some objections here and there. And maybe right, for all I know. But the point is--there's no sense stopping the whole works now-- specially after some men have worked hard for a long time to put this through--
Well now--just to take an example-- putting up a dam--on Willet Creek. As I look at it--that dam's going to do the people of our state a lot of good--
Well. I hear you've been right on your toes since you got here. Pitching right in. Lots of people took you for dumb--but they're wrong. You're smart. In fact, *I* think you're smart enough to understand a situation when it's explained to you--
Keep doing it! This is the whole works, Joe--we're out of business of bigger than we then we ever were. We can't miss a trick--we can't stop at *anything*--till this yokel's smashed up and buried so deep he'll never--!
He won't get started! I'll *make* public opinion out there in five hours. I've done it all my life! I'll blacken this punk until--  Joe--your job is back in the Senate-- keep those men fighting him *there*.
Sure! The fight's in the open now-- to a finish--!
Hey--Joe! Where you going? We've got to celebrate tonight!
But--if he *does*, Joe--
Anything *better* to offer?
It's in your lap, Joe. Keep an eye on him. If he gets to his feet and says anything--
*I* know what I'm doing! I'll say what I *want*!
Just a minute, Joe!
Glad to know you, Senator. Meet the boys--
I'm glad to see you come to your senses. You had me scared there for a minute, thought.  Let him in.
Oh, it's all right--it's all right. It seems a shame, though, to part company like this after all these years, especially now with a national convention coming up. Joe, I've put everything I have behind you. And so did all of our friends, but I guess we'll survive. We'll just have to find somebody else that's got a little more sense, that's all. In the meantime, you explain to Mr. Smith about Willet Dam. It's your bill-- it's your reputation, and if he can't find enough facts to break you with, you just send him to me and I'll give him a couple of good ones. I'm taking the next plane home.
Oh, I see. Out steamroller methods are getting too hard to your sensitive soul, is that it, Joe? The Silver Knight is getting to big for us. My methods have been all right for the past twenty years, Joe, since I picked you out of a fly-specked hole in the wall and blew you up to look like a Senator, and now you can't stand it. Well, maybe you won't have to stand it, Joe. Maybe we can fix it so you and your Boy Ranger can go home together.
You won't stand for it?
Well, what do you want me to do? Stand around like you chump and let that drooling infant wrap that Willet Creek Dam appropriation around my neck. Either he falls in line with us and behaves himself or I'll break him so wide open they'll never be able to find the pieces.
Steamroller stuff, Joe? My methods don't go in Washington? They've done pretty well by now, haven't they?
What do you think?
That's him. Let him in.
Chick--turn the ballyhoo boys loose on this right away. Greatest appointment ever made. A banquet-- declare a holiday.
Joe--do you mean to say--do you think you can actually *handle* this--this whatever-you-call-it in Washington?
Don't worry about Horace--he'll take orders. Come on--
We can't drop it now, Joe. We bought the land around this Dam and we're holding it in dummy names. If we drop it or delay it--we are going to bring about investigations, and investigations will show that we own that land and are trying to sell it to the State under phoney names. No, Joe, in my judgment the only thing to do is push this Dam through--and get it over with.
Joe, that's coming a long way in twenty years since I met you practising law down there in Main Street.
Joe--what's the matter with you-- where you're concerned, I wouldn't take the slightest risk--'specially now after the great reputation you've made in the Senate. Why, look at this campaign I've started for you in all my papers. You're the logical man from the West on the National ticket--at the convention, anything can happen--
Joe--I've got a lot of people to take care of in this State.
That'd be a crime--after all this work--getting it buried in this Deficiency Bill as nice as you please-- approved--all ready to roll--
That's why I say Miller--Horace Miller. He jumped through hoops for the machine before we moved him up to the bench. He'll take orders.
That Happy Hopper is tougher to handle than a prima-donna.
