I think it's time we started looking for a psychiatrist.
Are you planning to be home soon? LA, I mean.
Are you sure?
Do you keep any drugs in your house?
We still think the temporal lobe...
She's heavily sedated. She'll probably sleep through tomorrow.
Don't be alarmed. If it's a lesion in a way she's fortunate. All we have to do is remove the scar.
The temperal lobe is very common. Could last for days, even weeks. It isn't rare to find destructive or even criminal behaviour.
Lesion, Lesion in the temperal lobe. It's a kind of seizure disorder.
Mrs. MacNeil the problem with your daughter is not her bed, it's her brain.
The shaking of the bed, that's doubtless due to musuclar spasms.
Well, It's a symptom of a type of desturbance in the chemico- electrical activity of the brain. In the case of your daughter in the temperal lobe, up here in the lateral part of the brain. It's rare, but it does cause bizarre hallucinations and usually just before a convulsion.
The best explanation is always the simplest one. Let's wait. Let's wait and see. In the meantime try not to worry.
She used those words. Look, I doubt that she even understood what she was saying.
Well, specifically, Mrs. MacNeil, she advised me to keep my fingers away from her goddam cunt.
Well, I'd say her vocabulary's rather extensive.
Well, she let loose quite a string while I was examining her, Mrs. MacNeil.
Well, you see, that's quite similar to things like her lying- uncharacter-
Have you ever known your daughter to swear and use obscenities?
Lies?
Oh no. I'd wait and see what happens with the Ritalin. I think that's the answer. Wait two or three weeks.
Well, you mentioned her father... the divorce.
Her condition isn't quite what it seems. Nobody knows the cause of her hyperkinetic behaviour in a child. The Ritalin sems to work to relieve the condition, but we really don't know how or why, frankly. Your daughter's symptoms could be an overreaction to depression- but that's out of my field.
A stimulant.
Now this is for Ritalin. Ten miligrams a day.
It affects concentration.
A disorder of the nerves. At least we think it is. We don't know yet exactly how it works, but it's often seen in earl adolescence. She shows all the symptoms: the hyperactivity; the temper; her performance in math.
