Thank you your excellency.
I see, your excellency.
Yes.
I don't know. No, not really I suppose. But I've made a prudent judgement that it meets the conditions set down in the Ritual.
No.
Father?
What?
Holy water's blessed. And that doesn't help support a case for possession.
I told Regan that was holy water, I sprinkled some on her and she reacted very violently. It's tap water.
Well I think you should.
Have you told him what's happening?
Where's Regan's father?
It's fine really, sit.
No it's alright I'll take it straight.
Please.
It's not important good night.
No, is Regan aware of it?
Did you know my mother died recently?
Did Regan know a priest was coming over?
There are no experts. You probably know as much about possession than most priests. Look your daughter doesn't say she's a demon, she says she's the devil himself and if you've seen as many psychotics as I have, you'd know it's like saying you're Napoleon Bonaparte. You ask me what I think is best for your daughter. Six months, under observation in the best hospital you can find.
I don't know. I'll have to look it up.
Like her speaking in a language that she's never known or studied.
I can't do it. I need evidence that the church would accept as signs of possession.
Thanks. Look, I'm only against the possibility of doing your daughter more harm than good.
No, you don't understand. Your daughter-
Yes I could, I could see her as a psychiatrist...
No I couldn't, I have to have church approval, and frankly, that's rarely given,-
Well before the church approves an exorcism, it conducts an investigation to see if it's warranted. That takes time. In the meantime...
To begin with it could make things worse.
That's all the more reason to forget about exorcism.
Since we learned about mental illness, paranoia, schizophrenia. All the things they taught me in Harvard. Mrs. MacNeil since the day I joined the Jesuits, I've never met one priest who has performed an exorcism, not one.
Well it just doesn't happen anymore Mrs. MacNeil.
Well, the first thing I'd do is put them into a time macine and send them back to the sixteenth century.
I beg your pardon?
No I wouldn't. But I'd try to persuade him to turn himself in.
If he came to me for spritual help, I'd say no.
The priest.
That depends.
He didn't mention her.
No.
No I didn't know you had one.
Sure did.
Pretty close.
Yes am.
Harvard, Bellevue, John Hopkins.
It's the other way around. The society sent me through med school.
That's okay. I should've told you I wouldn't be in uniform.
I'm Father Karras.
Chris MacNeil?
Stealing is a sin.
Are you gonna steal my shoes now?
Oh Christ! I should of been there and I wasn't there, I should've been there.
I believe you.
Where'd you get it then?
Where'd you get the money for the Chivas Regal? The poor box?
Uoy era ohw.
Uoy era ohw.
Who are you?
Holy water.
How long are you planning to stay in Regan?
Quod nomen mihi est?
Quod nomen mihi est?
You speak Latin?
No now.
Do it again.
Did you do that?
You and Regan?
But wouldn't that drive you out of Regan?
You'd like that?
He broke the bread, gave it to his disciples and said "Take this, all of you and eat. For this is my body." When the supper had ended, he took the cup, again he gave you thanks and praise. Gave the cup to his disciples and said "Take this, all of you will drink from it, this is the cup of blood, the blood of the new and ever lasting covenant and the mystery of faith".
If that's true, then you must know my mother's maiden name. What is it?
Show me Regan and I'll loosen one of the straps.
Where's Regan?
If you're the devil, why not make the straps disappear?
I see. Well then let's introduce ourselves, I'm Damien Karras.
I'm affraid you might hurt yourself Regan.
Hello Regan. I'm a friend of your mother, I'd like to help you.
Momma, I'm all right, I'm fine, really I am.
No momma.
Momma I can take you somewhere to a place where you wouldn't be alone. There'd be people around, you know you won't have to sit here listening to the radio.
Now momma you have to stay off it, you can't keep go up and down those stairs you have to give it rest.
Is that too tight?
Oh really, when?
How's your leg?
You're not my mother!!!
She'll go into coma.
Her heart.
Why this girl it makes no sense?
Shut up!!
Amen.
And also with you.
And let my cry come unto thee.
Amen
And let my cry come unto thee.
Amen
And also with you.
And let my cry come unto thee.
And the son of iniquity be powerless to harm her.
In the face of the enemy.
Who places her trust in thee, my God.
As it was in the begin is now and ever shall be, world without end, amen.
But deliver us from the evil one.
I think it would be helpful if I gave you some background on the different personalities Regan has manifested. So far, there seems to be three. She's convinced-
Do you want to hear the background of the case, first?
No.
The Dominicans. Go pick on them.
Alright. You know who I think really did it?
Come on!
I've seen it.
Who's in it?
That's to bad.
Very much.
Incidentally I mention only in passing that I could tell the judge that it was a matter of confession.
Is that a threat?
No I probably wouldn't.
I don't know anyone who fits the description.
Sick priest, is that it?
You think the killer and the desecrator are the same?
Unlikely.
Couldn't it of happened on the fall.
Yeah, a fall.
Maybe. Some rituals used in Black Mass. Maybe.
From the psychiatric end.
I once did a paper on it
Only what I read in the papers.
I've seen him.
Do people tell you look like Paul Newman?
What's this about?
Have we met?
