Don't listen.
Can you give her something?
What is it?
I think the point is to make us dispair... To see our selves as... animal and ugly... To reject the possibillity that God could love us.
... upon this your servant, Regan Teresa MacNeil.
Defender of the human race...
The Lord be with you.
See the cross of the Lord. Be gone you hostile power. O'Lord hear my prayer.
...and the power to confront this cruel demon.
Father Karras? Father Karras? Damien? The reponse please Damien!
O'Lord hear my preyer.
...and to redeem through your son. Who lives and reigns with you, in the unity of the holy spirit, God forever and ever.
Let us pray. Holy Lord, almighty Father, everlasting God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who once and for all consigned that fallen tyrant to the flames of hell. Who sent your only begotten son into the world to crush that roaring lion.
The Lord be with you.
Let the enemy have no power over her.
Be unto her o' Lord a fortified tower.
Save your servant
Save me o' God by thy name, by thy might defend my cause, proud men have risen up against me, men of violence seek my life, but God is my helper, the Lord sustains my life and every need he has delivered to me, glory be to the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit.
Hallowed be thy name. Thy kingdom come, thy will be done, on earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day, our daily bread, and forgive us our trespasses, as we forgive those who trespass against us. And lead us not into temptation.
There's only one.
We may ask what is relevant, but anything beyond that is dangerous. He is a liar, the demon is a liar. He will lie to confuse us. But he will also mix lies with the truth to attack us. The attack is psychological , Damien. And powerful. So don't listen, remember that, do not listen.
Why?
I would like you to go quickly over to the resdence Damien, and gather up a cassock for myself, two surplices, a purple stole, and some holy water, and your copy of The Roman Ritual. The Large one. I believe we should begin.
...look down in pity...
...from this creature of God!!!
...Be gone!!
...in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ!!! It is he who commands you! He who flung you from the heights of Heaven to the depths of hell!
I cast you out!!! Unclean spirit...!
Almighty Lord, word of God the father Jesus Christ, God and Lord of all creation, who gave to your holy apostle the power to tramp underfoot serpents and scorpions. Grant me, your unworthy servant pardon for all my sins...
O'Lord hear my prey.
Be silent!
Are you tired?
