You heard voices, you know you did.
And was he in distress when you opened the door?  Or was he sitting here, relaxed, at this table?
What did you hear?
Dr. Allen, could you please tell Mr. Kelson what you heard as you tried to enter Mr. Birdson's room?
You'll do it?
Father, I have nowhere else to stay.
I hope so.
He will.  He has great faith.
If you really believe in God, why is it so inconceivable that his enemy is just as real?
You weren't there.  Give me time to get some proof.
Father, please don't die.
So I guess Satan lost.  Satan is the weak one.
So, if Christ won, that means, what does that mean, Father?  That Satan...
We won because Christ...triumphed over Satan?
So...we won?
What do you mean "don't worry?"
Father!  Thank God you're better!  I really need your help.  We've only got a few more hours.
Father, I'm right here.
-- you wouldn't last five minutes.
Why are you doing this to me?
Oh, thank you, thank you so much!
I didn't know what else to do...
Peter...Peter Kelson.
Well I know he's come here before.
Thirteen.  The last time, can you believe it?  This is how he says "Goodbye?"
I took one of those home pregnancy tests, but I don't want to tell him. I'm RH negative.  My blood type is negative...  If he's RH positive, I'll have to terminate.
Hi, I'd like to make an appointment for Peter Kelson.
Oh, Peter.
Not a lot.
Book five, Deuteronomy, chapter seven, verse five.  "But this shall you deal with them.  You shall break down their altars and burn their graven images with fire."
He was trying to tell me something.
That's his, I don't know, his 'grounding' phrase for me, "together, no matter what."
He's been repeating that since Birdson's exorcism.  I looked in every passage in the Bible and there's nothing about an ark or a sunset that tells us anything.
I'll be all right.  Peter, at the very end, I think Father was back.  I saw it in his eyes.
You have to be experienced to do this. Just wait outside. Otherwise, you risk killing him.
Maybe I should check Lareaux's book. It's in the car.  Be right back.  Don't go anywhere.
What are these?
Only your body will remain.  I believe your soul will be at peace.  If we kill you, Satan can't stay.
Until it happens, you're still a human being.
Maybe that's my problem.
I know it is.  Right after my parents died, I went to the beach...  I was in the water.  Everything was calm.  And then one of those really big waves hit me.  Hard.  Pulled me straight to the bottom.  I struggled and finally ran out of air.  If it hadn't been for my sister who pulled me out, I would've drowned. Legally dead for a couple of minutes is what they told me.
I was desperate.  I knew you wrote about murders.  I needed a way in.
You have to say that.
I'm scared I'm slipping back.
I see things.  My worst fears.  You need to know something, Peter.  I was possessed once.  Like Birdson.  It took Father Lareaux six days to pull me out of it.
Sometimes, when I feel weak, I have these...visions.
Comfort.
There's nothing else here.
He couldn't stop us and that's how he was punished.  Peter, what time were you born?
It'll happen at the exact time of your birth.
Your 33rd birthday.  The transformation will be a perversion of Christ's rising from the dead.  Townsend discovered it in one of Lareaux's books.
When's your birthday?
Peter, let go of the chair!
Get up!!
Nothing yet.
We needed to know all we could.
The books themselves or maybe some pages he ripped out.
Townsend, he had some of Father's books.
I don't know.  I do know that people who are possessed have to accept evil in some way.  I don't know if it works the same way in this instance.  I don't even know when it's going to happen.
Peter, I believe your baptism was perverted.  Look at your certificate. Your mother was the only witness to it. Your blood-type doesn't match who you thought your father was.  Peter...I'm sorry.
Then why are you here?
Peter, your blood-type is AB negative. There's no way your birth father can be O positive.  You father is not who you think he is.
Do you know your parents' blood types?
Seven years.  One baptism?  He's your mother's only brother
The only baptism he ever performed in seven years as pastor at Bedford.
You were not baptized.  At least I don't believe it was Christian.  Your baptism was performed by your uncle, James McKenzie.
There's no reason why you should.  This has been planned from your birth. You fit all the criteria that we know of.  Never baptized, born of incest, devoid of faith...
You're about to become the anti-Christ who is born unholy and becomes the door to eternal suffering in this world.
I know this sounds crazy.  I understand. Check your parents' blood types.  Are you sure your parents are your birth parents?
You're already contaminated.  It's why you couldn't hear the tape.  There's probably a pentacle near your bed.  To sanctify you.
The good outwitting the bad.  It's like Birdson had a split personality.
If you're possessed, you can't reveal anything Satan wants hidden.  Unless you trick him.
It's true.  Birdson knew your name, he was writing it in numerical code.  It wasn't easy but I figured it out.  It spelled your name.
At the exorcism, Birdson boasted that Satan is about to take over the body of a man.  You are that man, Peter.
Townsend believed, just as God became man in Christ.  So Satan will assume human form.  I believe it too.
Please, the children.
Peter, please...
That's their explanation.  You might not believe me...
I had to.
You're right.  I must've made a mistake.
You're sure?  There was nothing?
What do you mean?
So...what did you think of the tape.
Well, I think it's very simple.  Here's a tape of Birdson's exorcism.  I'll be at the Public Library.  Tomorrow at 2... if you want to meet him.
On television, you seemed so sure of yourself.  If you're really that confident, you'd be willing to let someone prove you wrong?
An exorcism was just held for Birdson. It failed.  Disastrously.  Which means there's still a demonic spirit present in his body.  I was wondering, perhaps you'd like to go meet Henry.  He's pretty amazing.
Last week the Catholic Church certified him as genuinely possessed.  You realize how rarely they make that ruling?
Do you remember Henry Birdson?  The math professor who won the Salwen Medal, then went home and killed his family?
In the end, the jury saw it my way.
I murdered my parents, Mr. Kelson.  And while they deserved it, I still went to confession the following Sunday.
And I also believe in God and the Devil. In fact, I know they exist.
What if I told you I was a malignant narcissist?
That there is no such thing as evil with a capital "E."
And also that...
You said that malignant narcissism was not evil.
I saw you on television yesterday.  You were brilliant.
Peter Kelson?
Oh my God!
Look, John, I'm facing it.
You can't back out on me now.  We need to be sure.
We'll see Father Frank in the morning. There's nothing to be done until then.
We need all the help we can get.
I've filed a report with Father Frank.
I'll explain everything later.  Can you meet me tonight?
I know who he is.
Good seeing you again.
