What happened?
Real rain?
Are you alright?  What is it?
Why don't you start by saying "yes," and then getting me one of those swell pineapple kabobs.
And that's why I want you to be on the Pleasantville Chamber of Commerce.
And it's important for them to see someone they respect, stand up for what's right. If you love a place, you can't sit around and watch this kind of thing happen to it.
No. They do. And it isn't just 'cause you're a great bowler ... They respect you ...
I really don't know.  Ben Miller's son just quit his job as a boxboy at the market.
Wife wants him to get one of those new beds.
"Changes."  And it's not just the fire or big stuff like that. It's little things.  Did you hear about Bill Miller?
I'm sure you've noticed the same things we all have--certain "changes" going on in the town.  You know what I mean by "changes"?
I'm fine--but thank you.
Oh, no thanks ...
No it isn't.
It's not in ME.
THIS BEHAVIOR WILL STOP AT ONCE.
BECAUSE I WILL NOT ALLOW YOU TO TURN THIS COURTROOM INTO A CIRCUS!
YOU'RE OUT OF ORDER!
You're not allowed to lie.
Okay--that's enough!
The basketball team?
Very well ...
Very well. Let the record show that the defendants have answered in the affirmative to all the charges.
Good. Do you further admit that this unnatural depiction occurred in full public view where it was accessible to, and in plain sight of, minor children?
Do you further admit that this was done surreptitiously and under the cover of darkness?
We prefer to keep these proceedings as "pleasant" as possible. I don't think a lawyer will be necessary.
Bud Parker and William Johnson, you have been charged with desecration of a public building and the intentional use of prohibited paint colors in violation of the Pleasantville Code of Conduct and laws of common decency. Do you admit that on the night of May 1, you did consciously and willfully apply the following FORBIDDEN colors to the Pleasantville Town Hall:  Red, Pink, Vermillion, Puce, Chartreuse, Umber, Blue, Aqua, Ox Blood, Green, Peach, Crimson, Yellow, Olive and Magenta.
You're not allowed to do this! I could arrest you for this.
BUD--WHY DID YOU DO THIS?
Do you know that it's illegal?
Did you do this?
You put handcuffs on them and you take them to the police station.
What do you mean!?
Dan! Arrest them!
