Greer and Goble in the Call Building, San Francisco.  Just like you thought...Two murders in two days.  Different places, different methods, different people. Nothing connects them, but a telephone number.
You win, Inspector.  You win all along the line.  Why didn't we think of Brandon before--or did we-- some of us.  Yeah.  Of course you did.  When a suspect thinks he's safe, you go on letting him think he's safe. Wait for a mistake.
No suicide.
And she did give him the chance, the way it worked out.
How did he know he'd get the chance? He couldn't have arranged it.
I've got to find a way to handle it, openly.  Like Brandon.
I've handled it.  Mitchell's handed it.  If I wipe it off, no suicide. If I take it out and lose it, no suicide.  If I leave it here....no suicide.
This is the shell.  What about the gun?
Pretty big chance, huh?
Do I know that she's out of the room?  Likely to be out of it for some time?
Do I know who lives down there?
Such as?
Before I took the story and closed the case, I'd want to know a lot more about these people.  I'd want to know just about everything about them.
If I've got any sense I'm going to call headquarters.
Should be over there.
I think so.
Maybe we've been pretty dumb--
That's pretty risky business, Inspector.
Gigi, huh?  Sounds French--one of those fancy ladies.  Must have been very fancy, if he scratched her phone number in gold.
I guess I'm just ballast around here.
She didn't seem the type to lam out--even if she got the chance. That stuff was all gone through last night.  Anything special you're looking for, Inspector?
Right. A clean deduction from observed facts. They've got to be simple once in a while, Inspector.
Unless the gun was slanted up.
This make of gun throws a shell backwards, high, and to the right. The chaise is only about four feet from the wall.
Correct, Inspector. A woman's gun. U.S. 125 caliber ammunition in it. It was on a table in there.
It's her room. She only got to the Hotel this afternoon,. With him.  I guess he took too much for granted. Here's the gun.
... I supposed you knew her, too, Inspector.
They tell me he'll be a great loss to the liquor trade. This Mayfield girl...
Right.
You in charge here?
