You think I'm wrong about this bit of a girl.  Go out and prove it against me!
Get out of here!
This badge is not an old newspaper you can cast down on the desk.  It is not a thing you can give up as of no value.  It may be taken from you--and you may die defending it. But you'll not use it to make cheap dramatic gesures with.  It's a naked steel of the sword of Justice.  Put it back in your pocket and hold tight to it--and someday you might grow into a worthiness ye lack now.
You're a young man.  You're romantic.  You think a pretty face and a clean conscience go together. You think a soft voice means a soft heart.  You'll grow out of that.
There are people in this world who don't think a police badge is a badge of honor.  I'm not one of them.
I believe you won decorations during the war.
But you still think she's innocent.
"Physical description: Age 26, Height 5  1 3/4 inches: Weight, 188 pounds: Light brown hair: Deep blue eyes: Small, perfectly formed features: Ears and earlobes small: Slender build: Wears size 4 AA shoe: Quiet refined manner: New York accent: No charges pending. No prior criminal record.  Mayfield, Mother's name.  Air-mailing you photographs today.  Signed Hubert Tollison, Chief of Police, Greenwater, North Carolina."  She bleached her hair, or course.  Would your sensibilities be offended, if I sent out a general alarm to pick up this girl?
"Superintendent J. McKechnie, Vancouver Police Department. Replying your inquiry Elizabeth Kinsolving.  Subject was indicted, first degree murder her husband, Lee Kinsolving, January this year. Guilty verdict set aside by presiding judge.  Prisoner discharged, Whereabouts now unknown. Fingerprint classification"--  And exact correspondence, Killaine.
"Superintendent J. Mckechnie, Vancouver Police Department. Vancouver B.c. Replaying To Your E.P. teletype classification No. 2684 incomplete.  We advise identification possible.  Elizabeth Kinsolving, arrested Greenwater, North Carolina, January 8, 1948, on a charge of murder.  Signed, FBI., Washington, D.C. H. Cleary, Inspector in charge."  Have ye any comment, Killaine?
And in the meantime this girl goes where she pleases, does what she pleases?
Ye have, have ye?
This girl is a murderess, Killaine.
Well, find out.  Who's covering her?
It won't look pretty good on your record, Killaine.  Where's the girl now?
Are you a policeman or a soft-headed nincompoop?
When I give an order, you'll not need it interpreted.  You have an hour to make your mind up.  Well, are ye satisfied, Mr. Mitchell?
Aye.  You have a point there.
I hear she's a very pretty girl.
She's the only one who had a dead man in her room.  The only one who won't give an account of herself. The only one who tried to run away. And the only one, so far, I've been told, who went to such lengths to disguise her identity that she even removed the labels from her clothes.  What more do you want?
I've explained the situation to Mr. Mitchell up to a point.  Now about this Mayfield girl?
Killaine, this is Mr. Mitchell, Senior.  Young Mitchell's father. He just flew in from Toronto.
