You just sit tight, Jason.  Once the authorities from Carpenter get here, you'll...
Whaddya mean?
Better get out the Hefty Bags... Looks like our boy desperately wants us to believe his story.
Is that all you found?
Better call an ambulance first.
I'm getting real tired of this maniac.
But that's no what worries me the most...It's how far he'll go to try and prove it.
It's kinda frightening to think that a kid like that can go so far over the edge.  Jason really screwed up the poor sonofabitch's mind.
Yes, Megan.  Tommy Jarvis is a killer.  A very deranged boy who wants you to believe that...
And make sure my daughter stays put...  ...She's grounded.
Rick.  Keep and eye on our wacko kid.  I'll be back as soon as I can.
We have!  Trying to track you down.  The phone there is disconnected.
...And I said, shut up!
He is.  Only Tommy wants to prove the legend is true...  ...You stay put.  And I'm not kidding.
Not what...who.  Seems your boyfriend wants people to believe Jason has returned.
You watch that smart-mouthing, young lady.
When you stop acting like one... Tommy Jarvis is a very sick boy. And you...
Megan, take your friends back to the camp.  I'll let you know if I hear anything about your counselors.
Megan, get away from him.  He's dangerous.
Megan, my deputies have more important things to do than look for camp counselors with car trouble.
Yeah...They should've paid their bill.
If I had you where I really wanted you, they'd be pumping your ass full of formaldehyde.
With extreme car, for God's sake. If that kid is with her, there's every good chance he'll do something crazy.
Don't concern yourself, Martin. This boy needs treatment.  We're taking care of it.  Sorry for the disturbance.
I've seen it.
I was going to call the clinic and have them collect your ass.  But I don't want you around here any longer poisoning my daughter, or anyone else, with your warped mind.
No!...  ... You kids better leave.  This boy here is not well and I need to talk to him in private.
I sympathize with you kids.  The best I can do is call the station in Carpenter and have them keep a lookout for them.
You're gonna be sorry if you don't shut the fuck up.
Either you go to sleep or I'll come in there and put you out.
They were gonna!  But some asshole sent a lot of money to give Jason and his mother a decent burial. Now look, you just lie down and get some rest.  In the morning I'll call that clinic and see if they...
No problem, Rick.  Come over and meet a former resident here, Tommy Jarvis.  He's got some kinda prank going about...
And you've been at some psychiatric clinic ever since, haven't you?
Aren't you the kid whose mother and friends were....
Hold it.  Whoa... What's your name, son?
Don't piss me off, junior.  Or I will repaint this office with your brains.
Now you better cool out a minute, boy.  You already almost got your head blown to pieces.
