You truly are a dancing fool.
He gots to be did.
1/16, tru' 'dat.  True 'dat.
Same thing, y'knowwhatI'msayin', y'knowwhatI'msayin'!
...that simpleton is holding back the race.  They got rid of us and keep those two buffoons, Mantan and Sleep 'N Eat, y'knowwhatI'msayin'?
Keep trying.
B-L-A-K it is.
How 'bout...
My own sister throwin' me out.  I hope to seeya later when you get ya mind right.  Don't bother letting me out.
There is a name, a term for your kind, the likes of you.  Back in slavery days, you would be classified as a house nigga.
So are you telling me that you wouldn't even introduce me to Delacroix or set up a meeting?  I'm talking 'bout me, your only brother, ya own flesh and blood, hook a brother up, youknowwhatI'msayin'.
C'mon, why not?  The Monkees had a show.  Look at all that other junk that's on TV.  We got underground cult following.
Yeah, him.
If you were really down you would get us together with that boss of yours.  What's his name again?
We're revolting against the powers that be, that been enslaving the minds and hearts of all people of color.  And we won't stop rapping till we bring about the overthrow of the government of the U.S. of A.
So now I see where you're coming from.  Just because we ain't rapping about Gucci, Timberland, Rolex, Benz, Cristal, ho's and bitches, we're pseudo.
My group we need some exposure. Was wondering if you could hook a brother up?
Damn, Sis, you don't keep no food up in here in dis' piece.
BIG BLACK is the first name and AFRICA is the last.
Whoa, hold up li'l sis'.  I done told you 'bout that.  Julius ain't my name, you better recognize Hopkins was our slave name.  My true name is...
Give me some?
I didn't mean to scare you like that.
Microphone check.  One.  Two.  One. Two.  One.  Two.  Hold up.  I gots to give my peeps some props. Brothers introduce yourself.
We gonna drop some knowledge, wisdom and understanding.  The Mau- Mau's, we be scientists.  We drop science.
My righteous name is BIG BLACK.
The Mau-Mau's are up in dis place. That's right, the Mau-Mau's.
And another thing, you better stay away from my sister or you better...
I'm a revolutionary.
What do I do?
Microphone check, one, two.  One, two.  Yo Tavis, I be lovin' yo show but Mantan you is foul.  Why you perpetrating?  You a sellout.
