We're ready when you are.
And what are the Mau-Mau's going to do for us today?
What's your name?
That can be done.
Gentlemen, the show, our show will be satirical.  You know what that is, don't you?  Trust me on this one.
And this is Manray.
You'll both get an advance and you can stay with me.
Different.
First things first.  I have to know if Manray is up for this.
I have this concept for a TV pilot. There's no guarantee it will get made but regardless, you'll still make some money.
No offense.
Sloan and I have been looking all over for you.
De-la-croix.
Good morning, Cheeba.
No costume.  No blackface.
Manray, I'm very sorry about ya boy Cheeba and Sloan.  Believe me, it gave me no joy pulling ya coattail about her, just lookin' out for a brother.  I feel you, all this stuff happenin' at once but you can't let if affect your work.  You gotta be professional.
How you sound?
Mantan!!
You have to start getting into your character.
I want you to start using the name Mantan and not Manray if you don't mind.
You're now Mantan.
I would like to change your name.
That's right.  Money turns the wheel.
Trust me.  Of course I still have to pitch it to my boss, but we'll have an answer one way or the other.
Some tap dancing, some singing.
EUREKA!!
Manray, Sloan says you're too talented to be dancing on the street.
Can I finish?  Thank you.  I had a great Aunt, we called her Sister. She went to her grave not believing man had walked on the Moon.
Don't you people get it?  We're in the 21st Century.  Slavery was over four hundred years ago.  All that stuff people talked in the old days, it's over.  Folks always crying, white man this, white man that.  Let's all grow up.
Yes.  And I say yes because who is to judge?  Who is to stand before us and say this is righteous and this is not?  Who?  Who can play God?
Because race has always been a sensitive issue in this country. Gary, I have no problem with people disagreeing with the show, it's when folks start trying to mess with my inherent right as an artist, that's when I get mad.  No one, in any way, shape or form should be censored.
I gots to go, it's my Moms.
Hello, Mommy, let me get rid of this other call.
Hold on a sec, I got a call.
This has to be a big mistake.
Funnier to who and at who's expense? Dunwitty, when Negroes start to run amok, the boycotts, when the demostrations commence, I'm giving them your home address.  Let's see how you like it when they picket your lawn in Greenwich, Connecticut.
I don't give a good goddamn about Finland, Norway, Sweden or wherever ya blond ass came from.
I will not be held responsible for these revisions.  These changes are not the way I want to go.  This is an outrage.  This is a sham.  A violation!
Dunwitty, don't leave.
In the immortal words of Derrick Coleman, WHOOOPDEEDAMNDOO!!!
That's exactly my point.  Has he even directed actors before in anything?
What are his qualifications besides being a white male and directing a hot new sexy freaky Madonna video?
Besides, what does he know about Negroes?
You're telling me some white boy is gonna direct this pilot?
I was hoping to perhaps direct some episodes myself, if not the pilot soon after.
I strongly feel that a Negro should direct this.  This kind of satire is a high wire act in a gale storm. One misstep and we're doing "Amos and Andy."  Only a Negro will have the sensitivity and cultural awareness to navigate this dangerous terrain.
We think so.
I don't know about that plantation angle.
In the projects.  Like Eddie Murphy's "The PJ's."
Do we have characters?  How about Honeycutt, Snowflake, Rastus, Nigger, Jim, Sambo, Jungle Bunny, and how could we forget Aunt Jemima.
Mantan right here is a gifted hoofer.  He has educated feet.
Negroes would be in an uproar.
Protest finally forced "Amos and Andy" off the air.  Could stop us from ever getting on.
Yep, you guessed it.
Mantan is an uneducated Negro who always by some stroke of unbelievable stupidity makes his best laid plans go haywire.
Ignorant, dullwitted, lazy, and unlucky.
Every week we follow the trials and tribulations of two real coons - Mantan and Sleep 'n Eat.  The Dusky Duo.
Mantan and Sleep 'n Eat.  Two real coons.  I know we're way out there but it's satire.
I don't know if Whoopi is the way to go.
It will take a lot of courage and backbone on the part of the CNS to get this on the air.  In fact, I would understand fully if the subject matter is deemed too risque, too controversial.
It is called: MANTAN - THE NEW MILLENNIUM MINSTREL SHOW.
So let's take this great form, this very American tradition of entertainment into the 21st century, into the new millennium.
I know you're familiar with minstrel shows.  They came about at the turn of the 19th century.  It was a variety show in which the talent was in blackface - singing, dancing, telling jokes, doing skits. Dunwitty, I ask you when was the last time there was a good variety show on the air.  Carol Burnett? HeeHaw?
I've done a lot of soul searching and once again you are right.  In my previous work it's been all surface, superficial.  I have never really dug deep.  Not anymore.  As Mark Twain fully understood satire is the way.  Race has always been a hot button in this country's history and it needs to be pushed harder.  If we are ever to live side by side in peace and harmony. It's about promoting racial healing.
We're all happy to be here and I'm going to paint a picture for you.
It's right and tight.  Good morning, let me introduce you to everybody. You know my assistant, Sloan.
What is it you want from me?  Some plantation follies?  Some sitcom that takes place on a watermelon patch?  Some show that follows four nigger generations of junkies and crackheads?  You want me to go back to the ante bellum days?
I'm not sure if I can deliver what you want.
I'm an oreo, a sell out?  Because I don't aspire to do HOMEBOYS FROM OUT OF SPACE, SECRET DIARY OF DESMOND PFEIFFER, A PJ's or some as you might put it, some "nigger" show?  I'm a Tom?  I'm whiter than white and you're blacker than black? Is that what you think?
I've never been given a fair shot.
...to white?  I still feel all of my scripts would make good shows.
I don't agree.  The Negro middle class does exist, and it's rich material for a dramatic series or sitcom.
I would prefer you not use that word in my presence.
I understand.  But again, in all honesty I was not informed.
C.P. Time is Colored People's Time. The stereotypical belief that Negroes are always late.  That Negroes have no sense of time - time except when it comes to music or dance.
I wasn't told about this until Marie informed me as soon as I got off the elevator.
Four minutes ago.
I didn't find out about this very important staff meeting until...
I love you too, Daddy.
Let's get him over to the bed.
I didn't mean that, in life.
Where do you go from here?
Nuthin' I can't handle.
The same old, same old.  Trying to get my stuff through.
Another one of your conspiracies to hold ya career back?
Daddy, it can't be just because of that.  There had to be other factors.
That's what I'm askin'.
How did you end up here?
I thought you had promised Mommy you stopped.
Daddy, she's younger than me.
Pleased to meet you.
It's been a long time.
It's me, Peerless.
I want to speak with you.
He never showed it.
Don't tell him it's from me or he won't take it.
So what's up with you?
So he drank himself into a stuper?
How long has my father been like this?
Is that so?
Give me the gun.
I didn't think this was in your studies at NYU.
And that's how you got me in the first place.
Otherwise.  I trust you know the difference.  You're an intelligent woman, finished at NYU.
The first and only time.  A big mistake.  I'm gonna have to ask you not to see Mantan anymore.
This is crazy.
You can talk all that mumbo jumbo if you want to but your hands are much bloody.  I know where I made my big mistake.  I have a general rule, never get involved romantically with somebody crazier than you.
Light?
Do you have to be so damn forthright?
Dunwitty and I feel you've been getting too close to him, getting his mind all messed up.
Oh, is he?  You getting jiggy with Mantan?
That crazy brother of yours doesn't think so.
How long have you and Hambone been hangin' out?
Why'd you do that?
How so?
Is that good or bad?
Thanks.
The Jolly Nigger Bank.
For what?
What is this?
A small victory isn't that small when you've been use to losing.
What would their reaction be?  I hadn't the foggiest.
Who's side are you on?
C'mon.  You were only doing what family is supposed to be doing for family.  You gave your brother a shot.  That's all anybody can ask for, an opportunity, a chance, a shot.  He got his.
Same here.
What do you want me to say?
Your life will never be the same.
Just want to say good luck.
I'm gonna slit my wrists.  Cut my throat.  For the love of Joseph.
Which one is your brother?
I've never worked with any of you and you've never worked with me so we'll be starting from scratch. I'm a fair person, a straight shooter and I don't hold my tongue. Everybody up in here should know I had nothing to do with you being hired.
Good morning, for those of you who don't know me, I'm Pierre Delacroix. I'm running things and this here is my assistant Sloan Hopkins.
I wouldn't bet against it.  My Negroidal ass is stuck between the proverbial rock and a hard place.
Even if money wasn't an issue, Dunwitty will still go ahead without me and that could be more dangerous.
It was the principle.  Dunwitty had to be enlightened.  I was making a point.  I take pride in my work. Plus, I already told you I wasn't gonna walk away from my money.
My problem is MANTAN THE NEW MILLENIUM MINSTREL SHOW.
I feel like somebody hit me upside da head with a sledgehammer.
This is Cheeba.
Manray better not be bleeding to death.  I need him.  After we're done he can do whatever he wants to do, until then, he's ours.
And lose out on my money?  The only way I get paid is if I get fired. And that's what I intend to do.
Good.  I'm going to need your support.
You getting cold feet?
The point being that him, the networks don't want Black people on television unless they are buffoons.
Dunwitty wants a Coon show.  And that's what I'm going to give him, it's going to be so racist, so negative, he won't have the balls to put it on the air.  Hence I'll prove my point.
Not yet, but this thing will never get made.
Manray was under our nose the whole time.
How can this be?  You and me at the same time, the exact same thought. It's scary.
How did you know?
Manray!
What good are you if you don't tell me stuff like this?
Why didn't you tell me about this staff meeting?
David, I appreciate your comments. Anybody got an ideas?  Everybody just talk out loud.
This thing was rigged, the deck was stacked, the fix was in.  Could Don King be near?  Good thing Sloan had my back.  She's my rock.  This was going to be a whole lot of work.
Oh, is that what I'm doing?
Hi, Mona.
Yes, your name?
Kook and the Gang, it's Manray. Let's do the taping.  You go back to your dressing room, get dressed and blacken up.
Mantan, we got a show to tape.
Do I have to spell it out for you? In fact, go ask Sloan yourself.
Let me ask you a question, if I may. How do you think she got the job in the first place?  I don't mean to burst your bubble, Mantan the Marvelous, but Sloan is an opportunity.
Oh, is it?  Buddy boy, in this business if people don't produce, they get fired.
You shouldn't even be mad at me over Sloan.
And now is definitely not the time to bitch up.
You've made it from the guttermost to the uppermost.  Don't you know you should never let them see you sweat.  Y'knowwhatI'msayin'?
You getting scared because some people don't like what you are doing?
What are you?  A man or a mouse? Are you a punk?  Punking out on me?
In time.
No joke.  Serious.
Tomorrow it will be all about cruelty to animals or some sex scandal.  Besides, there is no such thing as bad publicity.
This is nothing.  It will blow over by tomorrow.
So they can be on TV.
Not nervous?  Relaxed?
You feel good, not nervous?
Can I kiss you too?
Now I'm privileged?!  Why?  Because I didn't grow up on food stamps and welfare?  Because I didn't call home a cardboard box?  No, I never ever went to bed hungry and I'm proud of it, too.  Whoever told you that living in poverty earns you somekind of badge of honor flat out lied to you.
I didn't mean it to sound like that.
I'm happy for all of us.  It's just we have a great responsibility now. The pressure is on.
Soon.
If and when he calls, please don't forget to ask him if he's seen Mantan.
Not at all?
Yes I have, very hard.  Has Daddy called?
You going to attack me too.  The show is a hit.  Aren't you happy for me?
C'mon, Mommy.  Daddy hasn't been impressed with anything I've ever done.  From winning my fifth grade Spelling Bee to the present.
It's gonna be hard for me to get away with the show taking off.
I don't even know why you're still concerned over him.  Daddy's not with you.
I can't go all the way down south.
Where is he?
He said that?
I'll be right over.
Please let me know when you hear from Daddy, get a number or something.
To answer your question, there are a lot of Negroes in it and what is your definition of buffoons?
I know what's on my birth certificate.  You heard from Daddy?
Mommy, please don't call me that.
It was.  It is.  But this is a different kind of show.
Can't beat it with a hammer.  Well, since you asked, it looks like I may have a new show, a pilot being shot.
C'mon, Mommy, don't start with that I'm an ungrateful son stuff.
It looks delicious.
Good luck, Jukka.  Do a good show.
This is a travesty.  A debacle.
This is a TV show, not a music video.
How did you get this gig?
Well before there was BLACK or AFRICAN AMERICAN, there were NEGROES.  I'M A NEGRO.
Did you just ask me what's a Negro? I'M A NEGRO!!!
A fiasco.  A disaster.  A boondoggle. An abomination.
Yes, I know.  Jukka, have you ever seen a Negro person before?  Even had a real conversation with a real Negro before?
Finland.
Where are you from?
Nice to meet you.  If you don't mind me asking you - how old are you?
