I want to meet her one day, please tell her the great news.  I'm OUT like Vanilla Ice.
The big mistake was my not believing in your genius earlier.  From the gitgo, from jump street.
They didn't even view a rough cut, just some scenes we quickly cut together.
Yo, DeLa, I just got the news from the CNS brass.  They saw some clips from the pilot and they're rushing it onto the air.  Yo, we're a midseason replacement, ordered 12 shows.  We're on in 3 weeks.  Didya hear what I just said, Yo?
I seriously doubt that will ever happen.  Didn't I tell you I know your people better than you do. But if by some miracle you're correct, I'm gonna invite them inside my house and we'll have a sit down, discuss it like civil human beings.
We just punched it up a bit.  Made it funnier.
Calm down, please.
I'm gonna leave you two creative geniuses alone.
Derrick Coleman, he possessed all the talent in the world, coulda, shoulda, been a great ballplayer but alas D.C. didn't want it bad enough.  Delacroix, do you want it? Bad enough to kill for it?  Do you want it that much.
No!!!  Just meet the guy.  That's all I'm asking.  Look, I'll even let you choose your own musical director.  You can have that.
If Spielburg can direct "The Color Purple" and "Amistad", our whiz kid can direct the Mantan pilot.
Probably nuthin', but that's why it's such a sexy way to go. Sometimes an outsider has a fresh new outlook, a different unique perspective.  A black director, y'know what he's gonna do given the subject matter?  With this kid, the possibilities are endless.
I just want you to meet him.  Keep an open mind.
I want a hot, young white director. Maybe the kid, that pheenom who just did that hot new sexy Madonna video.
To hire someone solely on their ethnicity, gender or religion is not right.  It's un-American.  I will hire someone who is most qualified for this particular job.
Sleep 'n Eat, what do you do?
That'swhatI'mtalkin''bout. That'swhatI'mtalkin''bout!  He's off the hiz-hook!
What are you talkin' 'bout?  It's the move.  Stay wid me now.  We're movin' fast.  What does everybody else think about this?
And every week these Alabama porch monkeys will make us cry, make us laugh, make us look at our own humanity.  Make us feel good to be alive.
Ya first bad move.  Projects been done.  That's one of the problems now, everything, movies, TV, are set in the urban jungle, da hood. That's so tired.  Mantan's Millennium Minstrel Show should be set on a plantation.  In Alabama.
We gonna hit 'em wid da BOMB DICKEY on dis' one.  What's the setting?
Who are the other characters?
So what.  We would just give the NAACP a donation that would be the end of that.  No such thing as bad publicity.  So what.  Earlier you said singing and dancing.
Let'em try.  I will kill to make this happen.
This could be bigger than "Amos and Andy."
And Sleep 'n Eat is his comical sidekick?
Exactly!
What are there character traits?
I want you take it there.  All the way to the edge and back.
That's a great handle.
Are these our two stars, sitting here in front of my nose?  Which one is Mantan again?
Don't worry about that, that's my department.  Now who do we cast? We need a star.  Can Whoopi sing or dance?
I'm feelin' dis'!
I'm lovin' it.  You know how I know? Because I'm getting a boner, my Johnson is hard, no disrespect my sister.
The name of the show?
Word!!!
Go on.  Good so far.
I'm wid it.
Delacroix, I'm glad you got your mind right.
Yes!  Yes!  Yes!  I want a show that will make headlines, that will have millions and millions of households tuned in, glued to their televisions every week.  I want advertisers dying to buy on this show.  I'm gonna squeeze this show out of you if it kills you.
You will or you'll be back at BET so quick you'll never know what hit you.  I need a mid-season replacement and pronto.  It will be on the fast track.
That's exactly what I think.  I want you to create something that people want to see.  Let's be honest, the majority of the people in the country are deaf, dumb and blind and I'm including 35 million African-Americans.  You know and I know "niggers" set the trend, set the styles.  This is a golden opportunity now.  These idiots have to be led to the water.
You got your head stuck up your ass with your Harvard education and your pretentious ways.  Brother man, I'm blacker than you.  I'm keepin' it real and you're frontin', trying to be white.
Delacroix, wake up, brother man. The reason why they didn't get picked up was because nobody - and I mean NOBODY - niggers and crackers alike wants to see that junk.
The middle class black family moves into a white suburban enclave.  The middle class black family moves into a small Southern town that is run by the KKK.  The middle class single black father raises his teenage daughter.  The middle class single black father raises his teenage daughter.  The middle class single black mother raises her teenage son.  And so on and so forth.  It's too clean, too antiseptic...
I'm telling you it's not.
The material you've been creating is too white bread.  White people with black faces.  The Huxtable's, Cosby, revolutionary.  But that's dead.  We can't go down that road again.
NIGGER.  NIGGER.  NIGGER.  NIGGER.
I understand Black culture.  I grew up around black people all my life. If the truth be told I probably know "niggers" better than you, Monsieur Delacroix.  Please don't get offended by my use of the quote-unquote N word.  I got a black wife and three bi-racial children, so I feel I have a right to use that word.  I don't give a damn what Spike says, Tarantino is right.  Nigger is just a word.  If Dirty Ole Bastard can use it every other word so can I.
Forget it.  I believe you're my most creative person I've got on staff.  You're hip.  You know what's happening.  I got some corny white boys and girls writing for me.
I'm sorry about my blowup but I have to have a whipping boy every meeting.
Do you know what C.P. Time is?
So are you telling me everyone knew about this get-together except you?
Do you know how much information can be dispensed in one minute alone?
I'm sorry I'm late.
...exactly thirty-two minutes ago.
Yes you!
Let Myrna finish.
We all stick to this, it's smooth sailing.
Myrna is here to help us plan our strategy.
I know all of you have seen the overnight ratings.  Through the roof.  But in this game you gotta be one, two, three steps ahead.  I introduce you to Myrna Goldfarb. She's the best media consultant in the biz.
