Yeah, that's easy for you to do. You never had any talent.
Don't shoot me, I'm just the piano players.
Damn skippy.
Good.  I've got a broken back from carrying you all these years anyway.
Meaning?
What are you talkin' about?
Why they gotta make my nose so big?
Sloan never told us she had friends like you.
Must be the pressure.
You ain't happy about the green light?
You'd try anything.  I got first dibs.  You get ya own stuff.
Seconds and thirds, too.
What's that?
Certified ladies' man, huh?
It's that bad, huh?  It's all over my face.
I'm not smiling.
You might be right.
My name is Manray, goddamnit.
I don't believe it.
Sloan is the hardest working person I've ever met.
What you did is dead wrong.
Yeah.
Yo, DeLa, they tried to lynch my black ass up in dat piece.
No.
Hope the same thing doesn't happen to me.  That's some big shoes to fill.
Same thing Giuliani said.
You sound like the media.
Sloan, will you take your boss out of here so I can get ready.
I feel fine.
Naw.  I'll take the zero.
The point I'm trying to make is that this is a blessing.  It's going to be fun doing this show and we should all look at it that way.
That's the way it came out.  Let me ask you one question.  Have you ever been in want, in need your entire privileged life?
Pressure?  DeLa, you don't know what the hell real pressure is. SHEEETT!!!  This is lightstuff. Now when you scramblin' out on the street in da January winter and the hawk is talkin' to you with NO money and NO prospects of money anytime soon, now that there is some pressure.
I don't know what a retort is, but it's simple.  Mantan - The New Millennium Minstrel Show is UNIVERSAL.  It's not just for Negroes in Compton or 125th in Harlem.  This is America.  Our ancestors helped build this country, we got a right, just like everybody else.  I'm not gonna box myself in. This show makes people think, and they're laughing at the same time.
No if you go with the flow, Tavis. That's what a lot of Negroes don't understand.  Protesting isn't gonna do a damn thing.  If people don't like our satire in our number one hit show then don't watch it.  Or better yet write your own show.  Do it better.
Money makes the world go round.  It ain't no joke being poor.  I know whatI'mtalkin''bout. Y'knowwhatI'msayin'?  I've lived on the street.  I've been homeless. I've learned how to play the game, work the game, be in the game.
Yo, Tavis, check it out.  This is the two-one, the 21st century and it's all about the money.  Like my man Mase says, "it's all about the Benjamins."
I'm more comfortable around my people.
Tavis, thank you for having me.
I feel a song a comin' on.
Sleep 'N Eat, I was my wife's husband and grandchild at one and the same time.  And lo' and behold, as the husband of a person's grandmother is his grandfather, I Mantan, became my own grandfather.
Years ago I married a widow who had a grown-up daughter.  My daddy visited us often, fell in love with my stepdaughter and married her. Thusly he became my son-in-law and my stepdaughter became my mother because she was my father's wife. Soon after dis my wife gave birth to a son, which of course was my father's brother in-law and my uncle, for he was the brother of my step-mother.  My father's wife also became the mother of a son.  He was of course my brother and also my grandchild for he was the son of my daughter.  Accordingly, my wife was my grandmother because she was my mother's mother.
I don't know who I am.
Dat's yo Uncle Ben.  That reminds me, I've seen a lot of troubles lately.
Hold on, you allegorical hypothesis. Don't cross words with me.
Sleep 'N Eat, what's the matter with you?  Using all dose ten dollar words?
I slept too near where I fell out.
I fell out of my bed last night.
...like fried and chicken...
...like macaroni and cheese...
...perfect...
...then what about...
Around...
...not that time...
...yes she did.
Oh, because on our first date, she let me...
I heard ya lady is wild.
I'll buy her a less expensive dress, so I can have some money left over to take her out to dinner.
...dat's too much money.  I can't 'ford it.  I needs me a dress that cost no mo' than...
I thought you got rid of...
...to big.  The in-between one, not too tight, not too lose.
Sleep 'N Eat, one of dem slinky, sexy, little foxy...
She hates dem.
Tomorrow is her birthday and I want to get her something really nice, like a...
Not her, the one with the little...
Y'know my lady Lucindy?
Go to your windows and yell out, scream with all the life you can muster up inside your assaulted, bruised and battered bodies.  I'M SICK AND TIRED OF NIGGERS AND I'M NOT GONNA TAKE IT ANYMORE!
Cousins, I want all of you to go to your windows.  Go to your windows and yell.  Yell, I'm tired of the drugs, the crack babies born out of wedlock to crackhead aids infested parents.  I'm tired of the inflated welfare rolls while good wholesome Americans bring less and less of their paycheck home every two weeks. I'm tired, you're tired, we're all tired of these so-called bible- thumping God fearing, whore mongling Professional athletes.  Aren't you tired of these basketball-dunking, football-running, hop-hip rapping ebonic-speaking sex offenders who got ten kids from ten different Ho's?  I know I am and so is Sleep 'N Eat.
Well, thank you Mistuh Sleep 'N Eat.
No mo' "city slickers."  Ahh, can't you smell the sweet aroma of the ripe watermelons and high cotton?
To come back to our roots.
We both left the hustle and bustle of Uptown, Harlem...
This is my best friend Sleep 'N Eat.
I wuz leaving anyway, for good.
I know I won't be your puppet.
Don't try to change to the subject.
So you say.  Sloan, you wuz gonna use me up just like you used Dela? Work it to the top.  I never imagined people in this biz could flip on you like "IHOP."  I'm damn happy DeLa fired ya ass.
Aw, c'mon.
Did you ever sleep with DeLa?
Oh, you gonna make me say it.
Stop playing me Sloan.
And?
You leave something out?
How did you get this gig?
You look beautiful like that.
Y'know what?
My people love me.
For what?  He left.  Not me.
We can look out for ourselves.
Why all of a sudden are you flippin' on me?  This blackface thing was part of the deal from the git-go. Don't even try to play it like you ain't a part of all this.  You down with Delacroix.
Maybe I need to do a lot of things.
Never read a book in my whole life.
No, before my time.
Gots no intention of ending up broke.
Just a little something' somethin'.
Sloan, I got it like 'dat.
What else?
The good stuff.
So what's up with you?
A lot?
Well, homeboy, looks like he's at a funeral.
