That's mighty black of you.
If you think I'm a house nigga then that's your prerogative.  You got your ways to affect change, I have mine.  And I would appreciate it very much if you took ya field nigga ass out of my house.
That'swhatI'msayin'.  I'm not blowin' my young career, brother or no brother, for you or anybody else.
You don't have the demographics.
What makes you think he would write a show about the Mau-Mau's.
Delacroix.
Please.
Who are you revolting against?
Hook you up?  The Mau-Mau's?  You must be smoking.  Why in the world would I want to hook up a bunch of red, black and green flag-waving pseudo revolutionairies?
I order out mostly.  So what do I owe this visit to?
I'm not callin you Big Black Africa. Mommy and Daddy named you Julius.
I'm not huggin' you in the middle of the street.  You must be crazy, Julius.
Well you did.
You idiot.  You almost gave me a massive coronary.
I told you but you wouldn't listen. You never listened to me.
Don't make me have to use this.
DeLa, kiss my big black ass.
Work related or otherwise?
That was a mistake, but I don't regret it.
That's why it will be so much fun.
That which has been hidden in darkness is now in the light.  This bucket of blood.
DeLa, you should try it sometime. Come into the light.
I can't lie to him.  If he asks me something, I tell him what I think.
Please don't go there.
He's just playing big brother.
You're the one that put us together. We're friends.
I don't want to hear it.
To me, it shows part of our history in this country, a time when we were considered inferior, sub-human.
It's all good.  You got a hit show, you're gonna need a bank.  Plus, I love these old black collectibles.
I thought it was appropiate.
This is authentic, not a repro, circa turn of the century.
No matter what you think, you did come up with something unique. Open it.
A gift.
So you have your small victory, now what?
Everybody shut up.
I'm sorry, I can't help it.  It's too funny.
I want to apologize about my brother and the Mau-Mau's.  I should not have imposed them on you.
The pleasure is mine.
Just don't lie to me.
We both lied to him.
Let's leave the man in peace so he can get ready.
Break a leg.
You've said that already.
The big one.
This is the group I was telling you about.
Hello.
Like I said, all this for some twisted, distorted sense of principal.  Dunwitty, he just tolerates your Negroidal ass, he doesn't respect it.
What's the chances of MANTAN being picked up?
Fuck da money.  Why do through all this effort?  Why?  Are you looking for love from Dunwitty?  For respect?  Dunwitty and his likes don't give a goddamn about you.  So now what are you gonna do?
Why did you even come up with that shit if you didn't want it made?
What is your problem?
You okay?
Hello.
Maybe something happened to them. Maybe they're lying in an alley bleed to death.
Can't you just quit?  Walk away?
I'm in till the end.
Sounds risky to me.
What point is that?
You lost me.
Do you know how you will use him?
The idea was out there in the universe.  Now what?
It hit me like a ton of bricks.
Manray!
It wasn't my fault.  If I would have known, I would have known.
Nobody told me anything.
How was it?
I envy you.  That's the way I want to feel about my work.
Why do you say that?  You've never seen me.
If that was suppose to be a compliment, I thank you.
No, we're not knocking boots.  I got this internship while I still was at NYU, DeLa was impressed with my get up and go and hired me to be his assistant.
What do you mean?
A little.  I just graduated from NYU film school.  Cinema studies.
I wish I had your natural talent. God only makes that visit once in a while.
You've never had any formal training, either?
You can go now.
Why don't you answer?
Forget about me, are you a puppet for DeLa?
That's ancient history.  That has nothing to do with you and I.
We did it one time, only once.  It had nothing to do with the job, it was stupid.  Everything I've got I've earned.
Say what, Manray?
Just ask me what you want to know.
And what?
After my internship expired, Dela was impressed and offered me a position as his assistant.
Worked my black ass off, first as an intern, then worked my way up to this position.
What?
I'll be down front.  You better start putting your face on.
You're sure this is a good idea.
Why don't you call him?
I just don't want you and Cheeba to get hurt.
Bert Williams and the rest, they had to black up.  They had no choice.  They were considered 3/5ths of a human being.  Did you know that's written in the Constitution of the United States?
Maybe you need to start.
You don't read, do you?
Y'know, at the beginnin' of the century, African-American had to perform in blackface.  You ever heard of Bert Williams?  He was a great artist.
I hope you save a little somethin' somethin'.
Oh you do, huh?
This is a nice place.  It must have cost a pretty penny.
Are you trying to rap to me?
I'm an asthmatic.  Been one all my life.  Can't go anywhere without an inhaler.
What do you want to know?
Enough.
People show their happiness in a lot of different ways.
