"There's no shame in getting a little therapy", right, Doc?
-- When I was in high school, the thing I wanted most, when I was stuck in class, the thing I was always desperately in pursuit of -- was a hall pass. That's all I wanted. I loved moving freely around the school while everybody else was trapped in there... And that's how I feel right now... Like I have some giant, all- day hall pass.
I know my time's up, but I've got to get this out while I've got hold of it --
He said he wasn't coming back. He said it wasn't working for him any more. That it hadn't "worked for him" for quite a while... You know what I regret the most? I'm sorry I let him make the kids take his name. He was an acquirer.  He liked to acquire things.
It's happened before.  I'm shocked by how little I'm feeling. I can't understand it.  I'll probably have a complete depressoid collapse soon, won't I?
We argued on Sunday. He went to work on Monday and stayed in the city during the week, like always. But on Thursday, when he normally comes home, he didn't. Didn't call either. Not till Saturday afternoon.
It's irrelevant. It had nothing to do with what happened.
Oh, all the great writers -- Shakespeare, Charles Dickens, Moby Dick... those people. Each is bound in genuine premium leather with 22 carat gold accents. It's a magnificent set -- and only $33.50 per volume. Right away you get Great Expectations for just $6.99.
I had ordered some books. "The 100 Greatest Books Ever Written."
-- The argument had nothing to do with it.
Yes. Jeremy will be home for the weekend. And you can meet the kids.
I said... you must come out to the house for dinner on Thursday.
Mmmmfffstttubll abbittmm.
They said if I didn't get help, they wouldn't deal with me any more.  What do you think about that?
It's the kids, you know, not Jeremy. He had nothing to do with this -- except pay, of course. He's always willing to pay. He's extremely generous.  I'm so humiliated that my own children would threaten me.
Why are they ganging up against me?
What do they want from me?  What have I done that's so wrong?  They act as though they don't have their own peculiar things... They do! Believe me. Everybody's got something...  Even you probably have things.
