Mother... go away!
Dr. Mumford does, yes. I've put myself completely in his hands. For today, anyway.
We're going for a walk.
Hello, Mother. I want you to meet Dr. Mumford.
Of course... I haven't got the energy to get out of town that fast.
We're only talking about six weeks.
You got off easy.
What is your name?
...but first, you have to tell me something...
Oh.
I don't know. Depends. I'm in a bad mood.
What?
But nothing... I'm mad as hell. This is a terrible thing you've done.
I am irate!
You deserve it.
You feel violated?
...How violated I feel?
Part of it. We were watching "ER" until someone called.
Which show was that?
Mother...
I think you can understand why I have some serious questions about your methods. I mean, obviously it becomes much more likely that I'm going to have confusion about this when your idea of treatment is to go walking in the woods and up to make- outs-ville and do all these highly romantic activities --
Hello?
Yes, and that is what I have got right now. I have taken my feelings of gratitude... and relief... and transferred them onto... you. I have taken all those warm, grateful emotions and confused them with feelings for you... So that now I am under the delusion...  ...that I am in love with you.
Transference!
I know a little about psychology. I took three different courses in college. It's true, none of them were above the two hundred level, but I took them... And there was one concept I remember very well.
The point is this -- I am not a blank page. I did not just fall off the turnip truck. Do you know what I mean?
I'm saying that since I'm doing so much better -- which I attribute to you -- I'm liable to misinterpret some of my feelings.
Given that, I'm obviously not going to be judging things in the most realistic way.
First of all, I have been feeling much better lately. I don't know if the syndrome is over -- if it's just run its course or something -- but I feel a hundred per cent better than when I first came to you.
All right... I'm going to come right out and say this, because that's what your shrink is for, right, so you can tell him what's bothering you?
No, it is not something I've heard about you! It is someth--  Why? Is there something I should have heard about you?
How intuitive! That must take years of training right there. Maybe you can guess what has upset me.
Yes, something's very wrong, Dr. Mumford.
It might've been more appropriate if we had followed a traditional approach to the doctor-patient relationship.
I need to talk to you... Doctor. Can I come in?
Thanks to this therapy, I now know what I'm looking for. I need to find a man like you.  Not one who's treating me, of course.  And I'm going to do it, dammit! You've given me the confidence.
You're shockingly honest, that's what makes you great. I've never had a man treat me this way. With you, I feel really... listened to.  Can I tell you something? It's a little embarrassing, but I feel very unguarded with you.
Yes! And my ex-husband -- he never accepted me for who I was, just like Mother. The things you've said have helped me understand what a dick he is.
I can't tell you how much I admire you. You have a wonderful way with people. And you're very insightful. I feel like you've seen me clearly... I never used to admit what a horrible person my mother was. You've made that possible for me.
-- you've been a tremendous help to me.
I bet I know what changed your mind...  ...My mother. She was so horrible, you decided you couldn't desert me.
My brother said you were about to fire me.
Why'd you come to the house the other night?
Which thing?
When I was in high school we used to come up here and make out. I liked to sit on the rock and watch the sun go down.
And this is legitimate therapy?
It's all right.
I'm thinking a gal could make a good living doing this. How hard could it be squeezing out some fourteen year old?
And he's where?
So whose route is this?
No, that'd be a good story, but that was just the beginning of the end. We went on for another year or so.
And I'll bet you can interpret the whole thing
That was really bad, wasn't it?
...who thinks there's nothing really wrong with me.
You're purposely making me talk while we do this...  ...because you think this is good for me...  ...and you're a sadistic bastard...
Oh... this makes me sound irrational, which is probably right, but there was something about him saying this -- it was maybe the millionth time he'd told me about some preference of his. Well, I was so... tired of it.  Seems like my whole life someone's been telling me... I'm just not getting it right. Can we rest for a second?
I don't know if I'm going to make it the whole way.
Well then, my life has been some kind of huge rip.
You actually address yourself by name in your thoughts?  So you really think having two opposing ideas in your head does some kind of damage?
Is that like a party trick?
No, not really. They're about the same. My marriage was one long headache.
I don't know if I mentioned the headaches.
Where?
Yes, yes, and definitely yes. Also... I get confused.
Uh-huh.
Well... I'm tired all the time, obviously. I always feel like taking a nap. But when I try to sleep, I have trouble.  My muscles ache. And my joints. I feel like an old person, or like I did back when I used to work out too hard... What else?...
I'm embarrassed. The list is so long.
'Cause I'll tell you, none of the others have tried this approach.
Is this the treatment?
No.
You've got a funny idea of funny.
What?
Oh, we've all disappointed her. Me, especially, but Dad, of course. She thinks my brother's all right, but she didn't expect much. It's what happens when you "marry beneath yourself"...
We don't discuss it.
Is that the technical description of what I've got?
She's not in a bad mood. She's like that all the time.  It doesn't bother me anymore. It's my dad and my brother I worry about.
Mom's such a cutie.
Oh boy... this should be interesting.
I'm not making any promises.
Can I ask you something?  Didn't you tell my dad you didn't think it was a good idea to come to the patient?  So what changed?
Is it contagious? 'Cause everyone agrees my immune system's way down.
You have the best answer for everything.  You seem so... hopeful. Are you always this sunny?
I don't think I can afford it. I don't want my dad paying.
I don't know. I barely made it today.
What would you do?
Even if you don't think it's real?
Hmm? Is that a professional opinion?
No... but it started one year to the day after my divorce became final. That's not too suspicious, is it?... But it wasn't like I was feeling bad about the divorce. Just the opposite.
That's okay. Maybe it is. My mother always says -- "Everything that's wrong with you is in your head." I suppose that's true.
I saw it. I saw it in your eyes.
You think that now! You think it's a bunch of hooey, don't you?
About six months ago, I guess it is now. God, it seems like years. What a bore! I'm embarrassed by it. Before this happened -- when I'd hear people talk about this kind of thing -- I thought it was a bunch of bullshit.
Oh, lord. It's almost too exhausting to tell you...  ...about my exhaustion. I didn't really want to come. I'm not hopeful right now. But I couldn't take the look on my dad's face. He's a truly kind person, which is pretty extraordinary if you knew the story. He's the opposite of me, I guess -- all stamina and resolve.
I'd better not, I'll fall right to sleep. I think it's too soon for me to be sleeping with you.
