That was the beginning, the night of the conception. That's why she burnt the sheets.
For what?
Should you see a doctor?
What do you mean?
A few years ago one of the Sisters came to me in tears, asking for comfort, comfort because she was too old to have any children. Not that she wanted to, but once a month she had been reminded of that possibility.
Say it!
How many times have I burned into your thick skull and the thick skull of your fellow novice, that menstruation is a perfectly natural process and nothing to be ashamed of.
Why?
Then tell me. Where are your sheets?
It made them uncomfortable. And if they didn't sleep well I'm certain the next day they were cranky as mules. Sister where are your sheets?  Do you really believe that sleeping on a bare mattress is the equivalent of sleeping in a coffin?
We're not in the Middle Ages, Sister.
Why?
Sister Marguerite says you have been sleeping on a bare mattress Sister. Is that true?
Dear Jesus...
Why?
Yes, of God.
My dear, I don't think a communion wafer has the recommended daily allowance of anything.
You've got to eat something Agnes.
Nonsense, I'm your mother now and I want you to eat.
Your mother tells you this?... Agnes your mother is dead.
Who?
Oh my dear child.
Agnes dear, Heaven is not a place where...
That's not what he meant.
Who tells you these things?
Agnes...
Why?
Who told you this?
He loves you the way you are.
... You needn't worry about being attractive here.
Why does it matter whether you're fat or not...
Agnes...
Oh, for Heaven's sake.
Who?
One of the other Sisters?
Why?
Who?
Through someone else?
He talked to you Himself?
Agnes, it has come to my attention that you have stopped eating. Why is this? AGNES  I've been commanded by God.
Oh, don't do this!
She can't remember.
That's enough.
Then she's a liar.
I left it with her and I went for help.
I wanted her to have it when no-one else was around, they would have taken the baby to a hospital and left it with them, but it was such a difficult birth, there was so much blood and I panicked.
No!
I didn't hide it. I put it there for the blood and the dirty sheets.
That's a lie.
She didn't want any help.
The scandal...
I don't know... too late to stop it.
Oh, don't be ridiculous.
I didn't guess until it was too late.
Yes.
Is it because she's a nun?
Why do you insist upon pressing...
My God, but you're determined.
Hasn't she had enough?
This is permission to take her apart.
If you believe this is murder, it is the Crown attorney you have to talk to, not me. And definitely not Agnes.
I'm concerned about her health.
Why would I lie?
Who?  That tun... that tunnel hasn't been used in fifty years.
That's crazy. How could she find out about it?
Then why are you so obsessed with her? You're losing sleep over her?  You're thinking about her all the time. You're bent on saving her. Why?
That's what you believe she is?  The sum of her psychological parts?
She is an innocent.
But I want the opportunity to believe. I want the choice to believe.
You'll never find the answer for everything God did.
There as no man in the convent on that night and no way for any man to get in or out.
A miracle is an event without an explanation. If she's capable of putting a hole in her hand without benefit of a nail, why couldn't she split a cell in her womb?
Don't be ridiculous.
Stop laughing, I don't say it's the truth, I'm saying...
Why must he be anybody?
The father!
She's been touched by God, yes.
For Agnes.
One that will approach this matter with some objectivity and respect.
If we want to hire a psychiatrist for Agnes. we'll find our own, thank you.
I've just met with the bishop. We're taking you off the case.
Stop this, she'll hurt herself  I'm not going to allow this.
Then let's begin.
May I be present?
Would it stop you if I did?
Begin what?
Listen to her singing.
Yes, but goodness has very little to do with it. Not all the saints were good, in fact some of them were a little crazy. But... they were still attached to God. Agnes has that birth.  No more... we're born, we live, we die. No room for miracles.  Oh my dear, how I miss the miracles.
Become?  One is born a saint.
Yes I do.
There are no saints today. Good people yes, but extraordinarily good people... those I'm afraid we are sorely lacking.
And Saint John would chew tobacco.
Mary Magdelen?
Pipe!
Even Christ would partake socially.
Saint Ignatius would smoke cigars and stub them out on the soles of his bare feet.  And of course
Undoubtedly. Not the ascetics of course but, well Saint Thomas More...
Fine thanks...
I'm out of prac...  ... practice.
I'd love one.
No, it reminds me.
So you left the Church because you had freckles?
And what has that to do with it?
Stupid woman... and that's all?
What have we done to hurt you?  And don't deny it, I can smell an ex-Catholic a mile away. What did we do?  Burn a few heretics, sell some indulgences? That was in the days when the Church was a ruling body. We let governments do those things today. So what did we do to you eh?  You wanted to neck in the back seat of a car when you were fifteen and you couldn't because it was a sin?
What the hell has the Catholic Church got to do with you?
Who said anything about the Catholic Church...
Bullshit yourself!
Because I am a moral person.
She's happy with us and she could go on being happy if she was left alone.
I know you don't.
Her spiritual health.
I haven't decided yet.
We'll see about that.
And my permission?
Because I didn't know...
I knew that after the fact.
Oh God, if only I'd known.
Oh, dear God.
I don't think I care to know.
She drank too much. That's what killed her.
Yes.
I never saw Agnes until she set foot in this convent. My sister ran away from home. We lost touch with her. And when my husband died and I came here, she wrote to me and asked me if I would take care of Agnes in case anything happened.
I didn't tell you because I didn't think it was important.
About what?
Yes. I don't remember where Agnes was. I was needed in the sick room.
The twenty third of January. On that night one of our elder nuns passed away.
Oh, Dear God, I should have guessed...
The sheets...
Oh, Dear God...
There's nothing here.
Yes.
Nothing.
Earthquakes?
Oh, some time in January.
All right, what do you need.
How?
What?
What good would it do. No matter what you decide it's either the... the prison or the nut house and the differences between them are pretty thin.
I am...
I am not a virgin, Doctor. I was married for twenty three years, two daughters. I even have grandchildren... surprised? It might please you to know that I was a failure as a wife and mother. My children won't even see me any more, that's their revenge. I think they tell their friends that I've passed on. And don't tell me I'm making up for past mistakes Doctor Freud.
???
She is not a child.
I'm only interested...
It's my affair too.
Catholicism is not on trial here. I want you to deal with Agnes without any religious prejudice or you turn this case over to someone else...
The Catholic Church...
Nuns... you hate nuns.
You hate us don't you?
God's victim. That's her innocence. She belongs to God.
I saw it. Clean through the palm of her hand. Do you think hysteria could do that?
I know what you're thinking, she's a hysteric pure and simple.
But she didn't... did she. If anyone had seen what I'd seen she'd be public property... newspapermen, psychiatrists, ridicule. She doesn't deserve that.
It was healed by the following morning and she started eating again...
About two years before.
She stopped eating completely...
I was appalled, just as you are now.
Shortly after she came to us.
Oh come on, you've talked to her. She doesn't even know how babies are born, let alone made.
This convent is locked solid. The only one that has a key is Sister Marguerite and she wouldn't let Christ in after dark.
No-one knew about Agnes' pregnancy. No-one. Not even Agnes.
That's absurd!
Who?
You don't really believe something like that happened do you?
I've already told you what I thought.
No... not in the eyes of the police.
She didn't!  This is manslaughter, not murder. She didn't consciously kill that baby. She'd lost a lot of blood. She was unconscious by the time we got to her.
In her case it isn't. She's had very little schooling. Her mother kept her home almost all the time and when her mother died Agnes came here, to us. She's never been out there Doctor. She's never seen a movie or a television show. She's never even read a book.
Because she's an innocent. She's a slate that's hasn't been touched except by God.
From other people!  I believe she is not crazy, nor is she lying.
I believe Agnes is different.
Well... what do you think?  Is she totally bananas or merely slightly off centre... or maybe she's perfectly sane and just a very good liar.
And I am not from the Middle Ages. I know what you are!  I don't want that mind cut open.
Exactly. I want you do deal with Agnes as speedily and as easily as possible. She won't hold up under any sort of cross examination.
Look doctor, I don't know how to tell you this politely, but I don't approve of you. Not you personally...
Don't ask me those questions dear, I'm not the patient.
Yes, but that was some ten months ago. I fail to see that the identity of that somebody has anything to do with this trial.
She can't even remember the birth. Do you think she'd admit to the conception?
Believe me, I've done everything possible short of asking Agnes.
Obviously there was.
Father Martineau, but I don't see him as a candidate.
Yes, but I...
None as far as I know.
I haven't a clue.
We're examined once a year. Her pregnancy fell in between the doctor's visits.
She could have hidden a machine gun in here if she had wanted to.
Yes.
She undressed alone... she bathed alone.
No-one.
Unfiltered.
Two packs a day.
You must have tons of questions. You may smoke if you want to. Just don't tell any of the Sisters.
You can call me Sister.
I'm afraid the word brings up the most unpleasant connatations in this day and age...
