I lose 'em all, that's why I'm still out here on this rock.  Anything else you wanna ruin my day with?
Fucking great.  I invested some money in them.
Shit.  When?
And...?
Appreciate that.
She was running a little sluggish on the way back.  Think the turbines might be playing up.
Hey, Jan.  See if you can get someone to check out the chopper.
You have to...
I can... feel it moving around inside me. You've got to kill me.
They...they snapped my legs to fit... fit me in here.  I don't...remember what happened next.
Don't wait for me!
Detour.  Other way's blocked...
I'm out of ammo.  Get inside, get inside!
What do I think?  I think if those Marines from Powell don't shift their butts getting here, we're gonna get caught up to our necks in the middle of something we shouldn't.
Cornering it shouldn't be a problem.  Each part of this station is basically a self-sufficient deep-space transport module running off external couplers.  If we disconnect them and seal off every section, we've got a ceiling of about thirty-six hours on internal power.  That should give us ample time to find it.
Do you believe him?
Think I spoke too soon...
Ah, don't worry about I.C.C.  They're the least of your problems right now.
Agreed.
I've found Ackland!
Yeah.  Somebody won.
There'd have to be a helluva good reason for him not to.
Don't worry about it.  If the Network goes by the book, like everyone figures they will, a Marine gunboat from Powell'll drop-by for a look- see in four-or-five days.  They can go poke around out there and find whatever it was hit us.  All we've gotta do is sit tight.
'We'?  You wanna fly out there with me?
Nothing.  With the satellite down, we can't transmit over the mountain range. He's most likely sitting there wondering why he can't raise us.
Seltzer?
What is that?
Just curious.  There's a lot of talk goes around.
Only six?
And before that?
How long you been out here for now, anyway?  Three months?
Is that a fact.
Not too much of the socializing type, then?
Didn't feel like whoopin' it up with the rest of us blue collars, huh?
Hey, boss.  Wondered where you'd gotten to.
See that sheathing on the suspension? Eaten away.  Same thing with the pumps on the base air purifiers.  The algae out here just isn't good on these new plastics.
Give me a yell is something happens.
What time's sundown?
You should hit the sack, too.
How's it going?
Tactical nukes, maybe?
Jesus.
Camped out by the navi-beacon out on Linson's Range.  They're making their own way back tomorrow.
