Like what?
Well, if it's nothing, then why do I have to go into the hospital at all?  I mean, uh, I hear perfectly fine, so I'm, so I'm a little weak on the, on the high decibels.  So I, you know, I won't go to the opera.
The hospital?  What kind of tests?
Yes, is it, is it, uh, healthier to have problems in both ears?
Yes, now-now that you mention it, uh, I-I-I have, uh, buzzing and also ringing.  Ringing and buzzing. Um, am I going deaf, or something?
Oh, uh, about a month ago.  Wha- what do I have?
I always, I-I always imagine that I have things.
No, I-I've been perfectly healthy. You know me.
Really?!
Now I ca-can't remember.
Yes, a little dizziness, and I think, I think I'm developing a hearing loss in my right ear  ...or my left ear, my, my left...oh, n-n-n-no.  No, I'm sorry.  It was my right, my right, my right or my left ear.
Well, this guy's the real hypochondriac of the family.  I mean, he's, you know, he's--
Mm-hm.
So, so, but it was when I was younger, so--
This time I really think I have something.
We--
We nev-- We don't name names!  We say the Pope.
Read the papers!  Half the country's doing it!
Could you--
Okay.  Why, all of a sudden, is the sketch dirty?
You--  Standards and Practices?
Mom, come out!
Well, it certainly doesn't look promising.
Yeah, I know.  But never to exist again!
I don't understand.  Aren't you frightened?
That thought doesn't terrify you?
Oh! 'Cause you won't exist!
So, just 'cause I was born that way... You know, I'm old enough to make a mature decision.
I know it sounds funny, but I'm gonna try.
Because I got off to a wrong foot with my own thing, you know.  B-b- b-but I need a dramatic change in my life. FATHER  You're gonna believe in Jesus Christ?
Well, because I never thought of God in my life.  Now I'm giving it serious thought.
I don't understand.  I thought that you would be happy.
I can't stay on this show.  I gotta get some answers.  Otherwise  I'm telling you, I'm going to do something drastic.
Yes!
...you know it, it just takes the pleasure out of everything.  I mean, you're gonna die, I'm gonna die, the audience is gonna die, the network's gonna-- The sponsor. Everything!
Yes, but doesn't that ruin everything for you?  That makes everything...
I went into a store, I bought a rifle.  I was gonna... You know, if they told me that I had a tumor, I was going to kill myself.  The only thing that mighta stopped me, might've, is my parents would be devastated.  I would, I woulda had to shoot them, also, first.  And then, I have an aunt and uncle, I would have... You know, it would have been a bloodbath.
A week ago, I bought a rifle.
Can I tell you something?  Can I tell you a secret?
Well, I don't realize it now, I know it all the time, but, but I managed to stick it in the back of my mind...
No, I'm not dying now, but, but  you know, when I ran out of the hospital, I, I was so thrilled because they told me I was going to be all right.  And I'm running down the street, and suddenly I stop, 'cause it hit me, all right, so, you know, I'm not going to go today. I'm okay.  I'm not going to go tomorrow.  But eventually, I'm going to be in that position.
Can you understand how meaningless everything is?  Everything!  I'm talking about nnnn--our lives, the show...the whole world, it's meaningless.
Do you realize what a thread we're all hanging by?
No, I was happy, but I just didn't realize I was happy.
I--How was I to know?!  Everyone was pointing back here.
Naturally, I, I--Do you know I--The sudden appearance of a black spot on my back!
You--I got the classic symptoms of a brain tumor!
Don't say that!  I don't want to hear that word!  Don't mention that while I'm in the building.
Like what?!  What?
If there's nothing wrong with me  then why does he want me to come back for tests?!
I can't keep my mind on the show.
Oh, God!  Do you hear a buzzing?  Is there a buzzing?
Like--
N-n-no, not that.
Oh, Jesus!
Look at this guy.
No--
You know...
Right.  We felt that if we were gonna do it, that we would like somebody who we knew and who we liked and who was warm and bright and...
Hannah and I...can't have any children.  Now I-I-I don't want to get into whose fault it--  It's my fault that we can't and- and-and the details are too embarrassing to--
With a, with a stranger?  With a--
Fro--?  You want a-a defrosted kid? Is that your idea?
What, by a st-stranger?
What are you talking about?
Maybe, maybe we can adopt a child. He said you could adopt one--
Hey, you gonna start knocking my hobbies?  Jesus!
How could I ruin myself?  What do you mean, ruin myself?
I'm so humiliated.  I don't know what to say.  I mean--
Well, then a third opinion.
Gee.
Go out, go out by the Sung vase and, and catch this.
Come on!  Hurry up!  Let's go!
Go right over there.
Isn't that great?
Mh-hm.
You've always had good taste in husbands, so...
...you know?  I, uh...
...so I, so I like that.  I always like an underconfident person...
H-he's so awkward and he's clumsy like me...
The few times that I've met him...  Isn't that a great mitt?
I like him.  I think he's a sweet guy.
Really?  That'll be terrific for him, I think.
Oh!
Yeah?
Let me get a little reaction here.  How's Elliot?
Yeah?  Yeah?  Okay, kids, you can open the presents now.
How is everything?
...a little, uh, hey!  A little hug! What is this?  Now how 'bout a little action from the kids?
Yeah, aren't you like, you know...
I gotta see new comedians later, I've gotta--
I got two minutes.
I know...I know.
Mmm, what?
I don't know how you're gonna top that.
You know, I was talking with your father before...and I was telling him that  it's ironic.  I-I used to always have Thanksgiving with Hannah...and I never thought  that I could love anybody else.  And here it is, years later and I'm married to you  and completely in love with you.  The heart is a very, very resilient little muscle.  It really is.  I...  It'd made a great story, I think. A guy marries one sister...  doesn't work out...  many years later...  he winds up  married to the other sister.  It's, you know, it's a...
Oh.  You look so beautiful.
When'd you get here?
Hi.  How you doin'?
Now don't get nervous.  It's just your husband.
Do you?  I mean, are you, are you, are you, are you free this evening?
So, so you want to go out to dinner again?  I mean, is that, is that... Have, you have any interest in that, or...
I was the, I was... You know, it was my fault.  I--
Oh, don't be silly!  No!  Don't be ridiculous.
Oh, yeah?  What?
Well...  I'll tell you.  One day about a month ago...
Oh, who cares?
I-I would love to talk to you about, uh, that script.  I-I, you know, I think maybe that we could do something with it.
It was just great.  Uh, I was all set...I was set to be bored stiff.
I am.  You-you made my day.
Fabulous, I mean it!  I'm so impressed.
...but who cares?  It was just--  It was fabulous.
I thought it was wonder-- There's maybe one or two things in there that I would do differently myself, but...
Well, it was just fabulous!  I'm, I, you know...
Yes!  I was abso-- And...w- what...made you think of that climax scene where the, where the... architect is walking home with his actress girlfriend and-and the ex- wife who's schizophrenic jumps out of the bushes and stabs him to death?
It's great.  I swea-- I'm-- I'm, tch, I'm speechless.  I was...I was not in the mood to listen to this thing now.  I don't know what to say.  I'm moved and I laughed and I-- Uh, I, you know, I was on the edge of my seat.  I just think it's wonderful! I'm, I'm totally...stunned.  This is not an insult.  I'm amazed that you can...  It was-- I just thought it was great.
I should have kept going.  I-I have a sneaking feeling, a nagging sensation I should've kept walking and...
Well, what about me?
You must be joking.  I've been doing all my own reading since I was forty...you know.
Come over tomorrow and read it to me?
Well, you know, I-I-I...you know, if you want me to, I'll read it.
Really?
Oh, well, God, I can imagine what you wrote.
Yeah.
Hmm.
You have to remember, we-we-we didn't agree on one thing.
What...what about your script?  So what's it about?
I'm-- Yes.  Yes, I'm fine.  I'm fine.  How are you?
...which is a long, dull story and I won't get into it.  But--
I may, I may have to get back into it, 'cause my accountant says that I'm running out of dollars. But...but, um, no, I haven't, I just sort of dropped out for a year...
I've done no television whatsoever. No.
I'm not anymore.  I haven't, I haven't been in television for a year.
You have.
You've always hated my taste in the past.
Well, yes, I would if, uh, if it would mean anything to you.  I don't know why it would.
This is it.  Yeah.  This is really-- HOLLY  Well, wo-would you be willing to-to read it?  Something...that I wrote?
Nobody ever said it.
No, I am.  I am.
No, you can tell me.
Well, that's interesting.  Wh-what kind of stuff?
Have you?
Are you, are you out of work or something?
Yeah?  Is that an embarrassing question?  Should I have not asked it?
Well...
You didn't answer my question. What are you doing?
So how are you?
...namely a personality.
Well, I hope you've changed.
You look wonderful.  You do.  What happened to you?
...in a really horrible way.
Remember slamming the cab door in my face and..  you know, it came very dangerously close to emasculating my nose in a...
It was a terrible evening.
Yeah, really.  You do.  You do.
You look wonderful.
Good.  How are you?
Oh, that's putting it mildly.  We did everything but exchange gunshots.
...and I thought I'd come in and...and we could replay, uh, the whole, uh...
I was walking past and I saw you in here...
Yes, you do recall, right?
Mmm, I don't know if you remember me, but we had the worst night of my life together.
...I had a great time tonight, really.  It was like the Nuremberg Trials.
Right.  Yeah.  I had a...
Yeah.  Me, too.
Jesus...  I'm glad Hannah got us together. You know, she's got a great instinct for people.  Really.
And you don't have to snort cocaine at the table all the time!  What do you, what do you do?  Carry a kilo around in your purse?
Yeah, that's tough!  You don't deserve Cole Porter.  You should stay with those groups that look like they're gonna stab their mother!
Well, if you didn't like it, you didn't like it, but you didn't have to talk while the guy was singing.
Now come on, you're be--, 'cause you're being angry at me.
Can I take you someplace to hear something nice?
Not when they're sung by extraterrestrials.
My--uh...
Can we, can we go?
But, no, you've been doing that all night!  You're gonna...you're gonna burn a hole in your... You're gonna develop a third nostril!  Really,  don't, please.
Don't, no, please.  Will you-- No, don't...
I, I, my ears are experiencing a meltdown!  I can't hear anything.
I can't hear you.  I can't hear anything.  I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna lose hearing in my ear!  I'm--
Well, okay.  Thank you very much.
Uh-huh.
Well, I was born Jewish, you know, but, uh, but last winter I tried to become a Catholic and...it didn't work for me.  I-I studied and I tried and I gave it everything, but, you know, Catholicism for me was die now, pay later, you know. And I just couldn't get with it. And I, and I wanted to, you know. I--
Well, I'm not saying that I want to join or anything, but...but I know you guys believe in reincarnation, you know, so it interests me.
