No. Not you, or any one of us. As long as we are free, the NLF continues to exist in the Casbah. If they manage to take us too, there won't be anything left ... And from nothing comes nothing ...
Of course. As soon as possible.
It's better to split up, to increase our chances. We must change hiding places, and change them continually ... In the meantime, we must make new contacts, replace our arrested brothers, reorganize our sections--
No, it's better if he doesn't. The house is filled with new people.
Not enough.
Because we aren't ready yet for the French. Before attacking, we must have safe places from which to depart and find refuge. Of course, there is the Casbah. But even the Casbah isn't safe yet. There are too many drunks, pushers, whores, addicts, spies ... people who talk too much ... people who are ready to sell themselves, undecided people. We must either convince them or eliminate them. We must think of ourselves first. We must clean out the Casbah first. Only then will we be able to deal with the French. Do you understand, Ali?
Then don't complain.
C'mon ... you're exaggerating. The orders were to shoot him in the back.
You weren't able to. But what's important is that you tried.
My name is Kader, Ali ... Saari Kader ... In other words, in order to join the organization, you had to undergo a test. I could have told you to murder the barman, but he's an Algerian ... and the police would let you kill him, even though he is one of theirs. By obeying such an order, you still could have been a double agent. And that's why I told you to kill the French policeman: because the French wouldn't have let you do it. If you were with the police you wouldn't have done it.
Even that could be a trick. You escape, then show up at the address which the brothers in prison gave to you, and so you are able to contact me ...
Let's suppose you were a spy. In prison, when the NLF contacts you, you pretend to support the revolution, and then the French help you to escape ...
I'll explain.
She says that Ali is still in the Casbah.
That proves that I was wrong. Evidently I credited you with an advantage greater than I should have.
You seem to be very satisfied to have taken me alive ...
Why?
