The successes obtained are the results of those methods. One presupposes the other and vice versa.
The UN is far away, dear sir. It is easier to make oneself heard with bombs. If I were in their place, I would use bombs.
And you believe the NLF?
No. It has failed in its objective.
Look around. I've put everything at your disposal. Go take a look with your own eyes.
And those who explode bombs in public places, do they perhaps respect the law? When you asked that question to Ben M'Hidi, remember what he said? No, gentlemen, believe me, it is a vicious circle. And we could discuss the problem for hours without reaching any conclusions. Because the problem does not lie here. The problem is: the NLF wants us to leave Algeria and we want to remain. Now, it seems to me that, despite varying shades of opinion, you all agree that we must remain. When the rebellion first began, there were not even shades of opinion. All the newspapers, even the left-wing ones wanted the rebellion suppressed. And we were sent here for this very reason. And we are neither madmen nor sadists, gentlemen. Those who call us fascists today, forget the contribution that many of us made to the Resistance. Those who call us Nazis, do not know that among us there are survivors of Dachau and Buchenwald. We are soldiers and our only duty is to win. Therefore, to be precise, I would now like to ask you a question: Should France remain in Algeria? If you answer "yes," then you must accept all the necessary consequences.
Let's try to be precise then. The word "torture" does not appear in our orders. We have always spoken of interrogation as the only valid method in a police operation directed against unknown enemies. As for the NLF, they request that their members, in the event of capture, should maintain silence for twenty-four hours, and then, they may talk. Thus, the organization has already had the time necessary to render useless any information furnished ... What type of interrogation should we choose? ... the one the courts use for a crime of homicide which drags on for months?
I understand. What's your question?
It depends on you.
In Indochina, <U>they</U> won.
Exactly.
It is an inevitable stage in revolutionary war; from terrorism, one passes to insurrection ... as from open guerrilla warfare one passes to real war, the latter being the determining factor ...
Bah, for that matter, Algeria isn't the only country in the world ...
Yes, I believe there won't be any more talk of the NLF for some time.
A name?
What is she saying?
No. Let's just say that you've given me the satisfaction to have guessed correctly. But from the technical point of view, it isn't possible to speak of advantages. By now the game is over. The NLF has been defeated.
Of course I am.
For many months, I've had your photo on my desk together with a dozen or so reports on you ... And naturally, I am under the illusion that I know you somewhat. You never seemed the type, Kader, inclined to performing useless actions.
Yes ... But let me first see you.
Okay, I'll make the statement in writing ...
How can I give you this statement?
Mathieu. Colonel Mathieu.
