Ex...ex, ex...
This is Harry, Phil, Grammoo and Vada Sultenfuss...
God I guess i'll have to introduce you now.
The boss is watching us...
Keep your voice down!
I've been living in it for over a year, the camper is mine.
Hi Ralph. Oh Danny, how'd you find me here?
I'm not asking you to stop feeling for those people. But life isn't just death Harry, don't ignore the living, especially your daughter.
Stop hiding Harry, you run Harry. When I first came here, the idea of working with dead people, didn't exactly thrill me, but when I saw a family lived here, I thought, &quot;if I'm living without a family, at least I can work with one, and maybe once in a while i'll be invited in for supper.&quot;
Open your eyes, she's eleven years old! Her only friend in the world is dead.
Perfect.
I would never marry anybody I didn't love.
Pointing upwards Look...
Can we see it from the back yard?
Well, you were pretty great!
Danny that's a real _bonehead_ thing to say!
Honestly Harry, he got the mustang, I promise.....
Rub a dub dub, thanks for the grub, yay God.
How's it going chef?
You know this is gonna be my first 4th of July picnic in a long time.
It's for Shelly's famous potato salad.
Yeah, me too, mind if I tag along?
Goodnight.
Goodnight.
It's only eight o'clock.
Good.
Kiss me.
Do you want to?
What are you wearing?
See, you're not that out of touch.  You're good.
In ages, I know, me neither.
This is where we are.
Dance with me?
Did she ever see Vada?
What happened to her?
I don't know, tonight you just seemed a little cool, not opening car doors and...
Are you mad at me?
You can look in the bathroom if you want. People are always curious about that, like what happens when you flush.
I did it myself. I read a magazine article about how to maximize small spaces.
Home sweet home.
Would you like to come in and see my house? Just for a minute.
I had a good time tonight.
You can be in a room with 100 men, and not like any of them, or you can be in a room with just one man, and he's exactly the one you want.
Kinda like men.
Oh, I'm just not lucky Harry.
I'm gonna be putting makeup on some of these people very soon.
I just had a terrible thought Harry.
Does it make it easier to win?
Okay.
I love going to movies, especially at the drive in. I don't think there's anything more romantic than going to the drive in.  I'll let you get back to work.
You have to learn how to take a complement.  Movies, movies, ahhhh, &quot;Love Story&quot; at the drive in, I cried my eyes out, did you see it?
In lieu... &quot;instead&quot;.... No contest.
Oh it's good, &quot;In lieu of&quot; I love that word lieu.
No kidding?
Oh right, right, . Bader Lorenzo Died June 22 1972 Devoted husband to Nicolette. Cherished father of Babritzio and Heidi, In lieu of flowers, please send donations to the holy names society.
Nothing, I was just wondering what you were doing.
Hi.
I'm sure she will.
I shouldn't stick my nose in other people's business. It's just that I like Vada, very much.
Excuse me Harry, I'm sorry, I just wanna let you know that the flowers were delivered. And the room's all set up.
Harry, I really think she.....
I don't think so, I think she's confused about death.
Well the other night at dinner...
Harry?  I was just wondering, if there is anything wrong with Vada.
I just wanted to get past this &quot;old school Marm&quot; image.
I think she looks nice! Her lips are very thin so I used the gloss to give them a more sensual quality, and her eyes just needed a little definition, and her hair, I'm sorry, nobody wears this hairdo anymore in 1972.
You don't like it?
Could you take a look at Mrs. Porter?
I promise i'll take good care of these people, they deserve it, they're dead, all they've got left is their looks.
Okay Mr. Sultenfuss, you got a deal.
Ohh, oh sure it's no big deal, you see all my former clients will eventually die, and all your clients used to be alive, so they have something in common.
I need the job.
Excuse me, what about the job?
The add just said &quot;Makeup Artist&quot;
Stiffs??
They're dead?
I have a wonderful disposition, I put people right at ease.
I'm a licensed cosmetologist, I worked for two years, at the &quot;Dino Raphael&quot; Salon, all my customers cried when I told them I was leaving.
It's still available I hope?
Bye.
Sure.
Well maybe she'll feel better in a couple of days.
Yes she is, but she's very upset, so she's not seeing anyone.
Hi.
Goodnight.
Okay, get in to bed.
I'll tell you what, you dedicate your first book to me, and we'll forget about the whole thing.
It's okay sweetheart.
Believe me, some day, you'll feel differently.
It's actually a very beautiful thing, and look there wouldn't have been a Vada.
It's okay, come on upstairs, we have to have a little talk.
How old are you?
What do you mean you're hemorrhaging?
Well he just left, what's wrong?
Vada, Vada, what's the matter?
Yes!!
Vada? Would you like us to get you another goldfish?
Oh great!!
Well, I'm no doctor. All I know is, the next day they had really high fevers, and their faces got very fat. They baffled medical science, they were in a magazine.
I don't think that that roller coaster agreed with your bad stomach. You know Vada you have to watch what you eat here, I remember one time I went to a carnival with my cousins David and Frank, and they both ate hot dogs, and the next day they came down with nephritis.
This is Danny and Ralph, they own the Dino Raphael salon in Detroit.  We used to be married.
Uh huh, why?
Hey, I thought I recognized you two, hi Vada.
Aarrggh.
Uh huh, i've been trying to get out to Hollywood for years to do makeup for all the stars, I haven't gotten there yet.  All right, open your eyes.
They'll come around. Close your eyes, I wanna bring out the gorgeous color in them. The first rule in applying eye makeup, is you can never wear enough blue eye shadow.
Yes, Vada I think you're very pretty. You've got these great big sparkling eyes, the cutest little nose, an amazing mouth.
Come here, sit down.
Have you ever tried any?
A girl's always gotta look her best.
No.
Okay.
Sure.
Bye. Well Miss Vada, what d'you say we head back?
Well, sometimes married people just find out they can't live with each other.
No, I'm divorced.
Mostly love, and romance.
Uh huh.
Thomas?
Ohh, right. Would you like a soda?
Sure. I'll give you the royal tour.
Hi.
Come on sweetie.
Vada? VADA?? What happened??
Well you don't know that. Ask him.
I think you'd make a fine writer, did you ask your Dad?
Maybe black means you're happy?
Ooh, that's a pretty ring you're wearing.
Chocolate?
You know Vada, you shouldn't let those girls upset you.
Who's winning?
Oh.
Yes it is.
Oh great!
Nothing in particular, just putting it away for a rainy day.
Well, I guess you found my secret hiding place.
They're just fun to read.
Liverpool?
Uh huh.
To chocolate?
Thomas J?
