Keeps out the alpha rays, Max. You don't get old.
Oh, I did Shakespeare in the Park, Max. I got mugged. I was playing Richard the Second and two guys with leather jackets stole my leotard.
Twins, Max. Sixteen-year-olds. Can you imagine the mathematical possibilities?
Imagine my surprise when I got your call, Max.
We're gonna operate together.
Yeah. Right.
Hi. How do you do.
Oh, he-he didn't say anything.
If she comes over here, Max, my brain is going to turn into guacamole.
And I think they just came back from Masters and Johnson.
How do you like this couple, Max?
M'hm.
There are no twos, Max.
Visible panty line. Max, she is gorgeous.
The one with the V.P.L.
Oh, no, no, that's bullshit, Max. He goes with that girl over there.
What difference does that make?
I even brought a road map to get us to the bathroom.
You like this house, Max?
How about a ginger ale?
You wanna lie down?
You all right?
Well, sit down.
What's the matter?
Yeah, well, that's why this machine is dynamite.
We do the show live in front of an audience.
Give me a tremendous laugh here, Charlie.
Max, I've got a hit series.
Look, now, Charlie, give me a big laugh here.
While you're out here, Max, I want you to see some of my TV show. And we're invited to a big Christmas party.
Max, there's no crime, there's no mugging.
What kind of good memories, Max? Your mother and father fighting all the time.
Yes, I remember.  He was all schoolyard. They threw him a football once, he tried to dribble it.
We can show her the schoolyard.
Yeah, watch the road!
Max, if we lived in California, we could play outdoors every day, in the sun.
No, no, no, Max, that's a very convenient out. Every time some group disagrees with you it's because of anti-Semitism.
Max, the city is terribly worried.
Max, my serve is gonna send yuh to the showers-
Right, Max, forget it. Aren't you gonna be late for meeting Annie?
We move to sunny L.A. All of show business is out there, Max.
Let's get the hell outta this crazy city.
Right, Max. California, Max.
Why, Max? It's a good name for you. Max, you see conspiracies in everything.
Ah, Max, you, uh...
Alvy, you're a total paranoid.
You're crazy!
There were many men interested in you?
Uh, how did this personality come about?
Tessie, they say you were the sister with personality.
