No, darling, lip rouge--all over your mouth.
I like touching you--poison ivy.  You'd just been kissing that girl when I came in, hadn't you?
And when you do I'll convey your respects by wireless to Herbert.  Take it easy, Lee--no other woman'll ever get you. At least I'm honest when I tell you there must be something pretty low down in me--because I like you.  You're such a swine!
Oh--a hundred times--
Just make it as difficult as possible for you to see her.
Did you muss up her hair by accident, too?
Don't look so uncomfortable, Lee--it interferes with your good looks. Give me a cigarette.  What did you do--persuade her to come on this voyage with you?
Sure! You're never at a loss for words.
So that's your little dancer that you were playing around with in New York.  Oh--there's no accounting for tastes--  Mine, too, seem to be in the gutter.
And <U>do</U> bring Miss Marsh--  --when she's had time to tidy up a bit.
Well--shall we go into dinner?
Yes--I met Miss Marsh. In fact, she always seems to be turning up in the most unusual circumstances.  What's the matter, Miss Marsh--aren't you feeling well?
Hope we're not intruding.
I'm sorry, but you three men can play poker or something.  Shall I see you tomorrow?
That's fine--because you're going to see a lot of me ... for the rest of your life.
Here's to Europe!  Couldn't try to look a little less glum, could you?
I never want to go back....
When I found out you were going I just had an attack of nerves--a few tears--and Herbert was on his way downtown to get my passport ... so who cares ... I'm here with you ... and that's all that matters to me.
You're a charming liar. You <U>know</U>, Herbert's too dull to be suspicious about anything--even when I suddenly decided to come to Europe at a few hours' notice--
It would be a nice change from you.
Then why the sudden exit without even telling me?
Any woman's crazy to feel about a man the way I do about you.
Don't you hate people that surprise you? ... I do.  We can't stand here.
No--I'm furious!--Nobody seems to do anything about it--
Yes--and <U>very</U> popular--
We'll save you a place at our table.
That's a date.
Good afternoon--
Sooner--if you like.  See you again, I hope.
Feeling a little better, I see.
I'm just commencing to enjoy this trip.
I don't understand.
Sorry I can't return the compliment.
Thanks, no. I despise any form of exercise.  Don't forget we have an engagement for cocktails and cards.
Where's Lother?
No!--Did <U>you</U> take that bracelet?
I'm going down to my cabin. I have to send a wireless-- see you later.
<U>Gladly</U>.
You'll excuse me.
Isn't that interesting?
Montana?
