Why worry? It was insured--how about that swimming lesson I promised you?
Isn't she lovely?
Thanks.
Will you please excuse me? I'll be right back.
I hope so.
Glad to see you again.
Thanks. I'll be there. About seven-thirty?
Yes, yes--the air--  --I'm getting plenty of air.  Miss Marsh--Mrs. Rosson.
I can think of nothing nicer. It's very kind of you to invite me--
I'll lay odds you get a pair of 'em--Why, a high-school kid could take you saps--and another thing--Lay off Sally Marsh.  --"Honest Jack"! One look at your mug and the whole world buttons up its pockets.
Oh, no--I played with <U>your</U> cards--in <U>your</U> cabin--at <U>your</U> suggestion--If you've got a kick coming, make it to the Purser.
I agree with you--no gentleman, would--But I would--  --especially when my opponents have taken the precaution of marking the cards.
Sure!  Excuse me.
Fine--I'll be glad to.
That depends on how mother's feeling. You'll excuse me, gentlemen?
Aces full.
I'll bet a couple of hundred.
Well, I'm off to a pretty good start.
Not at all.
Hmm! So am I. If you'll excuse me I have some important unfinished business. I'll see you all later.
Well, I'll be--!!!
I'm going to return the bracelet right now and face the consequences.
I'll be waiting on deck.
Make it five.
Come on--let's take a swim.
You can't lose me, Sally--I'm no lily myself!
You can live that down, can't you?
What do you know about them?
Lose?--I won a little--
A Mr. Summers and a man called Lother.
Just met her on the boat--supposed to play bridge with her yesterday--but she wouldn't--so we played poker instead.
Oh, that's Mrs. Rosson--remember, you met her yesterday?
Good night, Mrs. Brett!
I'll give you plenty of rings as soon as I get the stones set--what do you think?
You didn't?--I guess I forgot to tell you--
I think we'll live in Europe after we're married?
Yes--you know what I've been thinking, Sally?--
Lonesome?
Would you like to take a turn around the deck with me?
You said it! How about a little action?
You mean that?
Sally--!
But--
For once I'm dead on the level--  --crazy about you!
I can't blame the ocean--it's you.
A lot of things I'd like to forget.
Decent?  I guess any guy could be decent--if you were interested.
Anything I can do?  I'd jump overboard if it'd help you.
Sorry.
You're forgiven if you don't make dates with anybody except me for the rest of the voyage.
See you at seven-thirty in the lounge.
Fatal fascination of James Brett wins out.
Sooner it you like.
When?
Don't rub it in.
Yes?
Don't be a c-a-t.
Isn't she attractive?
--you want to adopt him!--Good for you!
Tell me.
I want you to get used to my voice--you're going to hear it a lot.
Married?
You know, you're not a <U>bad</U>-looking girl. In fact--I think you're lovely.
Even Cupid's becoming modern, using medicine balls instead of darts.
Don't stop, nurse--I think I'm going to faint.
Brett is the name.
Well--breakfast?  Lunch?
Aw--give a feller a break. My cards are on the table-- I want to know you. How about dining with me tonight?
Oh, yes, I am, because <U>afterwards</U>--up here in the moonlight.
This is great. I'll be able to watch your act every night.
Have we?--Well, I'd just as soon play shuffle-board.
There's soft music--
Wait a minute!--They're dancing in the palm court--
How about giving me another coat?
Don't thank me. Do you recognize me without the lipstick?
Where have you been hiding?
No! Don't touch it! I want the <U>world</U> to see my <U>shame</U>.
I could stand some more--
Very much--
Yes--
I'll say she is!
I wouldn't miss this boat for a million.
I'd <U>like</U> to be.  Sailing on the <U>Progress?</U>
Want to take it back?
Get it!
Where did you hide it?
Listen, Runt--Quick! Where's the ice?
See you later, Shortie--I'm off to the pool.
Sure! McKinney will never suspect you--
You keep it--
Sure--and to show you I'm a regular fella--  Here's that twenty-five hundred.
About sixteen hundred.
Oh, is she? What a shame!  You'll pardon me?
What is it?
I'll take one.
Thank you.  I owe you a dollar forty--here--keep the change.
Have the purser give you twenty-five hundred dollars for this check--and bring the cash here.
That's where you come in. Now, listen, Shortie--
They won't squawk--they're professionals.
Well, I had to get some dough to play with those suckers. Here, get this changed.
Here--drop it where they'll find it and return it to him. He's not a bad egg. I'll ship him back the fifty before we arrive.
I fell in his arms--Couldn't resist it.
Inspector McKinney.
Right!--but it doesn't have to apply to you--Keep your eyes open for anybody wearing a lot of cracked ice and give me the office.
Shortie!--you know my motto?
A dollar forty--out of the two dollars I gave you.
My change.
Just a minute, steward--haven't you forgotten something?
Why <U>didn't</U> I think of that?--I am going to scout around and see if I can find her.
She was wearing a white dress with a cute, black hat-- and carrying a bag with S. M. on it.  Funny--her name's not on the passenger list.
A thousand? She's one in a million--right off the top of the rosebush!
Oh, Shortie!--  --there's a girl on this ship--
Is that a nice way to talk to a pal?
Come on--  I'll promote a card game, and we'll be sitting pretty.
I'll need it--gave my last buck to the bedroom steward.
How're the tips?
Stop squawking! You were doing this job on a ship four years ago when I first picked you up, weren't you?
Looks like he's taking a trip--see the baggage? The only time they ever picked me up, McKinney walked through the room while they were grilling--let's see how good his memory is.
Shortie, look!
Quick, let me have that money. I'm broke and I'll need it for tips.
He's a colored man in chauffeur's uniform carrying a basket of fruit.
Nix, the law!
No, you're not. Give me that dollar seventy.
It'll never hurt you---Got any money?
No bank roll there, boy.  Lucky I could get you signed on--they picked up that Pittsburgh jeweler--made him talk. The heat's on, Shortie--and those Atlantic breezes are going to be mighty welcome.
We didn't have enough dough for two tickets, did we?
I thought you were a smart guy.
Don't you know better than to talk to me with people around?
Not here--follow me around the shed.
Make it three, boys--I'll play this hand pat.
Think again--
Why isn't that a good time to quit?
Well, to tell you the truth, gentlemen, I've sworn off playing poker.
Much better--thank you--
It's a pleasure.
Three Jacks.
I'll bet a couple of hundred--  I wonder what's keeping that boy.
Hope I didn't keep you waiting.
Here's your fifty.
Why, I--
Don't get yourself all worked up--
Thought you might need me--don't talk, kid, and don't let him scare you--
Anybody that's taken the trouble to get it would be a mug to put it back.
It's a bet--come on, Sally!
Coming to the pool for a swim?
Hey!--you're tickling me.
How about trying your fine Italian hand?
Swell!
Sure, I'll go.
Why?
No, thanks. I've promised to play cards.
Thought you were going to turn in, Inspector.
Good night!
I wouldn't worry about it--it'll turn up--  How about a nightcap, Inspector?
If he lets you down I'll try my hand at sleuthing--  Bet I could find that bracelet--
It'll be very interesting to see how you go about solving this, Inspector--
This is exciting--but if it's been stolen they can't get away with it on a ship--
Care to join us?
I'm going to the show--
Yours, too. Are you the McKinney, the dentist on Calumet Avenue in Chicago?
Oh, yes. On the pier.
What's that?
Very clear. That's one favor I'll be glad to do you.
She did?
I should say not.
She was to meet me here--why don't you wait? She ought to be here any minute.
Oh, Denby--have you seen Sally around?
Wait a minute--let's match for it.
I'm O.K. It didn't hurt much.
Tell you what I'll do.  I'll toss you for her--heads she plays with me.
Now that that's settled, why not make the game a foursome?
