If you hadn't agreed--I was going to throw you overboard--
O.K., kid--  I'm only sorry for one thing.
Yes--but don't ask me why--because I could never tell you. I don't know what most guys want out of life--but <U>that</U> would be enough for me--I wouldn't care about-- easy money--or--showing off my smart brains--I'd just like to live <U>my</U> life so nothing I did would bounce back and ruin <U>hers</U>--Do I make myself clear?
I won't--I'll ask for one right now.  Sally tells me she's in love with you.
Good!  At last you're making yourself useful. So long!
I don't know what it is, but I won't use it.  Is she entertaining you?
I would--but our rehearsal starts right away.  Before I go I want to ask you a little favor. Sally is an important part of my show. Some day--not now--when you get a chance--let her come to just one rehearsal. I'll appreciate it.
No--I'm looking for Miss Marsh myself. I thought you might know where she is--
Never mind--I'll pay for it now. It'll save time.
That's all right. I'll attend to this.
I'm sorry to hear that.
That's too bad.
O.K. Heads you win.
No--I'll take Sally and give you the best of it.
Their faces are familiar--but not to each other.
All right, folks, get on your mark. When you hear the pistol shot--
Well, you got the first down--there's one more to go. Come on, we're ready to start right now. Come on. Just keep stiff.
Come on, get up.  That horse is carrying too much of a load.
Tell her you're on your way to France and will be back in four weeks.
Hey, boy--give this man a cablegram blank.  Where is your wife?
This is a fine time to be asking that. You're on your way to France.
Well, did you find me?
I thought I put you to bed.
I can see where I won't talk much to you.
Yes--Me--in person!
That's me!
Knots!
No. <U>Knots</U>!
Oh,--we're doing about thirty--
Yes!
Yes--but I didn't give it to him--
I didn't--
Maybe he just travels in bad company.
Oh, nothing--only I wondered why you suspected him.
I understand you searched Brett for it last night. By the way--what do you know about him?
Hello, Inspector--I hear your vacation's been spoiled. Somebody lost a bracelet.
It's all right--if you like honest faces--let's have another drink--Steward!
It must be the sea air--it gets everybody.
Yeah--if he'd only stick to shuffle-board.
Too bad we're not making a trip around the world-- maybe we could finish this game.  Hey! When you get through with that conference, shoot that last disk!
Here we are, folks--eighty thousand wild-eyed fans go mad--they go mad as Chad Denby--with the arms of iron, and the nerves of steel--picks up his racket--  What is this thing--a racket or a mallet?
Miss Marsh.
Of course--but--  There's your cue--hurry up--
Very serious?
<U>He</U> does. Here's your quarter, Brett.
What's the difference? He's got more heads than he needs.
Guess they're dull--nothing for you to reform.
I'll never love anybody else.
But not nice enough to marry--eh?
Stay on the other side of the pond for a couple of months--you'll soon forget all about it.
I felt pretty low, Sally, when I heard you were running around with a racketeer--
I get it--Lee Lother have a hand in that, too?
News travels fast on Broadway--you had to get away from a rat--
Do what--
No--Inexperienced--  A red-headed kid--homemade clothes--Broadway was Paradise--and a slot at the Automat was a Banquet.
No--not much--excepting--
Why not? I give 'em a great show--and you know-- We're doing capacity, Sally--and all <U>Nice</U> people--
Yep--spending lots of time aboard--you see, Sally, I sold this Transatlantic idea to the shipping company.
Like it?
Everything O.K.?
You're the President. Come in! Your brother was just telling me a few jokes I can use on the radio--
Are you happy?
You don't shoot squirrels.
I just tried to show her the difference between the squirrels and the skunks.
Why don't you be a good little boy and leave her alone?
I'll give you another chance to tell the truth, Lother.
Good-night, folks.
Oh,--I was having so much fun I almost forgot--
H'mm ... no wonder I have trouble rounding up this show--Don't you know there's a rehearsal going on?-- And you wanted a raise.--Come on--get going or you'll get it!
No--He's probably one of the "Here's How."  Take it easy--the ocean's pretty rough today--
Don't blame it on the ocean!--All right, you'll get the raise!
All right--don't spoil the trip with any of those jokes-- there's a nice bunch of people on this trip--nothing but class--I looked over the passenger list and they're all members of the Who's Who!
So what?
So have I--I can get it right out of my trunk.
What's he got that I haven't got?
Oh yeah?--My personality put this thing over--
Mary--fall off the boat and turn to the left--
All right. When <U>is</U> a plate of bean soup not a plate of noodle soup?
Everyone but me--what do you want now, Mary?
Put the whole thing in an envelope and mail it through a porthole--
H'mm--<U>Dear</U> Atlantic--
What's the matter, Mary?
Very good, Mary--
Well, let's hear the poem--
But, Mary--everybody's having such a great time-- why spoil it?
Yep--everybody's having a good time but me--What do you want, Mary?
Easy kid--easy....  Come on--I want to talk to you.
What for?
What happened to you?
Oh!--So that's it. Does she know he's on board?
Then, after the first number, I tell the one about the Scotchman trying to open a Pullman window--the Scotchman says to the window--"Gee you're tight."-- and the window says--"You loosen up a bit and so will I."--Good?--And then I do the one--  Oh--you don't like it, eh?
