Baloney!
Will you leave me alone?
--and I can tell you where to get off.
I didn't ask you to come away with me--
You mind your own business! She's an old friend of mine and I like her--what're you going to do about it?
Don't talk such bunk! She's one of the acts on the ship. I just ran into her by accident.
I can explain--
I'll join you later.
This is Miss Marsh.
But, Anya, dear! Unless you play we won't have a fourth.
Don't be crazy--I'm tickled to death to see you.
Sure!
How'd you ever get away with it?
I had an idea your husband was getting suspicious.
Do you want the truth, Anya?
I wasn't running out on you. When I got over there-- made my plans--I'd have sent for you.
Anya, I think you're crazy.
Anya!
And I'll lay odds you got that bracelet.
I'm making it to you. If I don't get it by tonight--you'll find it a <U>rough</U> voyage.
In that case--you owe us exactly sixteen hundred dollars.
No gentleman would do that.
Could I see you a minute?
How about a little game later?
You're coming back--
And me coming in with two pair--
I should pass, but I'll trail along--I'll take three.
If I ever won a pot that large the boat would sink.
We haven't any chips, Mr. Brett--Do you mind playing with cash?
We'll be expecting you.
Meaning what?
Oh--I understand you were an important part of her education when she came to New York.
What do you mean?
I went for four.
How much did you lose?
Well, I helped my hand so I'll have to see you.
Better unlock the door.  Sit up, darling, and be dignified.
The man that marks them is an artist--two hundred and fifty bucks for six decks--and they're worth it.
Can you read 'em Jack?
Looks lonesome--Bring him over here.
He works the boats as a "come-on" man. We ought to make a fair combination and do a little business. Jack's a pretty good dealer himself.
You're wasting your time--she's a friend of mine.
I know he is. You change those clothes and then come to my cabin. I'll expect you around twelve o'clock.
I'm not so clumsy with fingerprints--
Don't be a mug all your life--I'm trying to help you-- you need me more than I need you--have you figured they might pick the kid up in France and extradite him?
Go ahead--you didn't used to be so fussy--
Let's see if I can bring it back to life.
That's a bet--but I couldn't let you walk out like that, Sally. I'd have gone cuckoo back there--just thinking about you--
Just smile again and be reasonable.  I'll order dinner here--just the two of us--like old times.
Of course not--  --but isn't it a coincidence that he's from the eighteenth precinct--where they made the squawk?
Don't kid yourself--you know how I stand back there.
A tipoff in the right quarter to take his fingerprints and--
Thanks to me.
That's more like the old Sally--a little bit of fire.  How about Ned?
Get wise to yourself, Sally--you're no sob story.
Because I want you--will always want you--no other woman'll ever take your place.  I want you more now than I did that first night--  You've forgotten all that, I suppose?
It wasn't smart. Even if you'd gotten away without me --I'd have found you--no matter where you were.
You ran away because you were afraid. I don't want it to end like that.
