Get moving--
Is that why you killed Lee Lother?
What did you want a gun for?
Where'd you get it?
Thanks. That makes us square.
Mmmmmmmmmhm....  Now, Jimmy, what were you doing in that corridor before the shots were fired?
You keep out of this--  You admit you thought of killing him--how were you going to do it?
Don't be too smart, Jimmy--you're out in the rough yourself. You had an argument with Lother a couple of hours before he was killed--but I'll deal with that later--
Nice girl, that--  I'd hate to see <U>her</U> get a raw deal.  You know, the great trouble with crooks is they're <U>too</U> smart. Now if I'd taken that bracelet, I'd find some way to slip it back--I'd know I could never get ashore with it.
Wouldn't bet against her.  Tell you what I will do--bet you I find that bracelet before we hit France.  Not a hundred, though--just fifty.
Nooooo!--going to catch up on my reading.  I'll take this one.
Hello, young fellow!
Then we run our hands down a man's arms and legs-- like this--in case they got what you're looking for attached to a string.  See what I mean, Purser?
This has nothing to do with me--  But always remember, Purser, when you're searching anybody, take the lining of their coat, like this--  --run your fingers all along these seams.... Then-- back of the collar--<U>here</U>--that used to be a favorite trick--and never forget to put your finger down inside of the shoe--like this.
It's easy to see the Purser hasn't had much practice.
I'll go with you.
Well, someone else besides myself may have seen you in the vicinity of Mrs. Rosson's cabin this evening--even the stewards in that corridor insisted on being searched. Get me?
You know what I'd do, if I were you--before the card game I'd go to the Purser's office.
How about you?
Nervous. Couldn't sleep. Feel like a nightcap?
No, thanks--I'll take a walk around the deck and then turn in--
I wouldn't be surprised--
Sorry--but I'm on a vacation--
Some of the smartest robberies have taken place aboard ships--
No, thanks--I never gambled in my life.
I'll go with you--
No--not quite.
Before that. Your face is very familiar.
I think I've met you before, Mr. Brett.
Is this your gun?
He asked for a loan of it, didn't he?
Yeah--
Well, I'll tell you--we picked him up about a year ago-- but could never pin anything on him.
Well, I've seen him here and there. What's on your mind?
Yes, a bracelet's been lost, but I'm still on my vacation.
Oh no--I don't want to impose on you--  It's funny about that billfold--I could have sworn I had it-
He's a likable chap--he's got an honest face--
Those kids seem to be getting along fine!--
You can always tell how much a man's traveled by the way he plays shuffle-board.
Looks to me like standard equipment for the Department of Street Cleaning--
McKinney's the name.
This is interesting--  Why didn't you tell me you gave this kid your gun last night?
Why?
S'pose you've never thought of killing him--
You didn't have a gun in your hand last night?
Next time I get a vacation I'll spend it at headquarters. Good-night.
I hope so. Well, I guess you two can do without me. I'll be seeing you.
Soon as I get that bracelet back I'm going to relax. Wish the guy that borrowed it would help me out--I got to win that fifty bucks.
For a very excellent reason from your own admission--  --I'm not saying you <U>did</U>--but I think you know more than you're telling. Years of experience have taught me to mistrust circumstantial evidence. Nevertheless, in your case there's plenty of it.
I sincerely hope so--
Maybe you will after you've thought it over.
And if you liked the person, you'd naturally persuade him to give it back and go straight, wouldn't you?
I mean if you knew it were stolen.
He'll be back.  What would you do if anybody gave you a bracelet?
Congratulations.
Good night!
Nothin--  --I just remembered the name of a guy that owes me fifty bucks.
Well, I'll be a son of a sea cook!
It all depends on what you're used to.
"Smooth's" the word.
Thank you.
