I think you do.
You were indiscreet enough to leave your gloves in my apartment one evening--  --and he was gentleman enough to boast <U>why</U> you'd been there and show me a snapshot of you.
You're Anya Rosson, aren't you? I've heard of you back in New York.
How do you do. Would you care to finish the game? I have a slight earache.  --and it's so noisy up here.
What's the matter?
Jimmy!
Seven-fifty. Positively my last offer.
I'll change and be with you in ten minutes.
I'm beginning to think you're a pretty swell guy.
He's a con man--crooked as a tree--and I was part of the racket--helped him!  Now--if you have an appointment elsewhere--I'll excuse you!
Too much--Remember--I warned you about me--  I used to be Lee Lother's girl--
That was the come-on--promise me you won't play with them again--
Oh, you infant! How much did you lose?
Who with?
How well do you know her?
Yes--I remember--
I could see you were pining away--
Good night, idiot!
I think we ought to walk.
You're a little ahead of yourself--the usual routine would be for you to propose, and if I accept, then you'd give me an engagement ring--
I didn't <U>know</U> we were <U>going</U> to be married.
What?--
What, again?
We'll let it go at that--
This time I'm really glad you showed up.
Yes--is it all right if I come like this?
Don't let's talk about it.
Let's forget it--can't you see I kind of like you, too ... and I don't want to get involved.
--I know what I'm talking about. I'm no high-school girl looking through a window--reaching for the moon.  Guess I'll be going.
Will you take some advice?  If you're looking for romance--count me out--  --if you know what's good for you.
Don't kid me. I'm in no mood for it.
You don't know anything about me. If you did, you probably wouldn't be here.
That's funny--so was I.  Guess the ocean makes one sentimental
What are you thinking?
Mighty decent of you, pal.
Thanks.
A little.
I must say you're persistent--  --it's kind of flattering.
I'm sorry I'm late, but something happened.
I'll be there--Good-by.
Wrong again--  But I dislike possessive women.
Okay.
At seven-thirty?
But I'll have cocktails with you.
Well, I can't.
You asked me to dine with you tonight.
Very--your mother?
A little boy that has escaped from his nurse and--
What a horrible death! Do you know what you remind me of?
Nothing to speak of. What is this--third degree?
Keep your eyes on the ball, Mister.
You <U>are</U> a lunatic!
Mr Denby and Mr. McKinney.
This is Mr.--er--
Never eat before the show.
You work too fast for me, young man.
You're not very ambitious, are you?
--sorry--got an appointment to play shuffle-board.
Good-by!
Good-by.
So you washed it off!
Oh--hello!  I got the flowers. That was sweet of you--thank you.
--You'll have all the boys tipping their hats to you--  --let me wipe it off.
You've got lipstick all over you.
Like her paint job?
Nice lines--
She looks like a lot of other boats. I grant you she's beautiful.
Yes--are you?
I thought you were one of my friends.
I'm so sorry!
Why--don't you like him?
Very--
Yes.
I don't get the humor of that remark.
You're just a Master of Ceremonies. He might have knocked his head off.
Women are such fools!--Why do so many of us pass up <U>right</U> guys?
Come on, now--you've forgotten all about that.
Chad Denby broadcasting--  --the nicest man I ever knew--
Women have a curious taste for knickknacks. When I found out about Ned--tried to make a break--Lee wouldn't stand for it and--well--here I am!
I was so crazy about him--anything he did or said was O.K. by me.  I introduced him to people--even after I knew his stock promoting was phoney and the card games were crooked. It didn't seem to matter--I didn't care--  --until he roped Ned in. Some confidence game--and the kid left his fingerprints on a drinking glass.
It wasn't only that--Ned was in a jam.
You made it possible for us to get away at a few hours' notice--you never asked why, but I guess you know.
I came to tell you what a swell guy I think you are to do this--
Still got my picture, I see--I was pretty dumb then, wasn't I, Chad?
You never fail at anything, do you, Chad?
And you've put it over--haven't you?
Swell--You've got Times Square right here--all but the noises--
Looks like your old workshop back on 42nd Street.
Just what the doctor ordered.
Are you paying any attention to his jokes?--the first thing you know, you'll be taking piano lessons from Venus de Milo--  Get out of here.
Am I a member of this club?
Will be--as soon as the ship sails.
Well, that's something--even if only the fish can see it.
Not a chance--I'm through.
Have you ever figured they might extradite you?
I've lost my taste for knickknacks--
Don't, Lee--that's dead.
--and you swear when you get to the other side, you'll never come near either of us again?
I'm crazy about the kid and I got him into it.  What do you want me to do?
You can't bluff me any more.
Not because of Ned.
--you'd go with him!
You leave the kid alone.
He's all right.
You get wise to <U>yourself</U>! If you know what's good for you, you'll leave me alone. Everybody's entitled to one mistake--Well--you're mine. When the going got too rough, I pulled up stakes and quit. We stay quit!--Get that!--And what're you going to do about it?
I wish I could.
Why don't you leave me alone?
I didn't want to see you again--that's my privilege.
All right--but what is there to face? It's finished.
He's a swell person. He told me he'd rather turn one guy straight than jug a million.
I've got a hunch you're going to win that bet, Inspector.
Why should <U>I</U> kill him?
That's the truth--every single word!
Sure I would--but I don't get what you're driving at.
Well, of course, I wouldn't take it.
Say, "Thanks very much!"
Exciting, wasn't it? Where's Jimmy?
It's getting kind of chilly on deck. If you'll excuse me, I think I'll go to bed. Good night, Mr. McKinney!
I'll explain later--
I was in his cabin--
I'm all right.
Aren't the roses beautiful?
Isn't it great to be away from it all? Aren't you happy? It seems too good to be true.
Do you think Lother could have seen it?
