Holy shit.
Yeah -- typical A.R.V.N.
So what happened ?
It's really too much -- I mean I've collected every picture of her since she was Miss December.
You got to kill this sonuvabitch -- Lance and me, we don''t understand none of this -- Jesus, Captain -- I don't wanna die here -- Do it quick.
I don't get it -- You said your mission was to kill him. Let's do it, an' get our asses outta here. This  Kurtz is ruining the war; I mean, this don't look good for America !
This is evil -- evil, Captain. We're all gonna die here.
When you kill Cong, don't you feel something.
He killed that guy without feeling anything.
What are we doing here?
Captain -- they've been probed all this week -- Cong and NVA regulars. There's gonna be a big offense any time.
Who's he?
Charlie?
Yeah, it is.
Still got a lot of that stuff from Nha Trang. But we're running low on the other.
Less than half -- sure is a mess down there.
There's some bad holes, man, and the cracks -- water's coming through the cracks. Food's shot to hell.
Whatdoya think it thinks.
I know it sounds stupid, but I feel like the goddamn jungle's watching us.
I don't know.
I don't believe you --
No shit.
They lined us all up in front of a hundred yards of prime rib -- magnificent meat, beautifully marbled.. Then they started throwing it in these big cauldrons, all of it -- boiling. I looked in, an' it was turning gray. I couldn't stand it. I went into radio school.
Cook school -- that did it.
That's right, sir -- I come from New Orleans -- I was raised to be a sauciere.. a great sauciere. We specialize in sauces; my whole family. It's what we do. I was supposed to go to Paris and study at the Escoffier School; I was saving the money. They called me for my physical so I figured the Navy had better food.
No, sir -- I'm a real chef, sir -- I'm a sauciere --
Call me what, sir?
Yes, sir --
I hate that -- Every time I hear that noise something terrible happens.
Flood.
Said I speak French like a Spanish cow.
Thirty meters up, Lance; I saw the fucking flash.
Mangoes? There as a fucking tiger in the woods -- I could've been eaten alive. I'm never going into that jungle again. I gotta remember never get out of the boat; never get outta the boat.
Can I go get those mangos now?
