Yeah -- yeah, I can understand how you feel.
The wind --
Napalm, boy -- nothing else in the world smells like that --
You smell that.  You smell that?
They far enough?
You think that section on the point is ridable, Lance?
I said it's a good swell -- hell of a good swell 'bout six feet. Let's get a look at it.
Good swell.
That's terrible -- we'll change that -- I'd like to see you work -- I've always liked your cutback; got a hell of a left turn, too.
Where've you been riding, Lance?
You can cut out the sir, Lance -- I'm Bill kilgore -- I'm a goofy foot.
It's an honor to meet you Lance. I've admired your nose-riding for years -- I like your cutback, too. I think you have the best cutback there is.
Lance Johnson? The surfer?
What's your name, sailor ?
You want'a surf, soldier?
Change -- get out there -- I want'a see if it's ridable -- change.
Change.
How big it is?
Why the hell didn't you tell me about that place -- a good left.  There aren't any good left slides in this whole, shitty country. It's all goddamn beach break.
What do you mean?
Mike, you know anything about the point at Vin Drip Drop?
Take her in low, Lieutenant.
Eagle Thrust Four -- Big Duke Six. Join me in sparaying some trees.
Big Duke Six to Baker Delta Four -- hold -- we're right over you.
Haven't got time, Hell's Angels -- lay it right up the tree line.
Big Duke Six to Hell's Angels Four -- bring it in on along tree line and huts.
It's gonna blow this place out. It's gonna ruin it ...
Yes, I know.
It'll get here, soldier.
The trees, eh...
Sonuvabitch -- anybody hurt?
The enemy. Who else?
Fucking savages.
Yeah. Classical stuff -- scares the hell out of the slopes -- the boys love it.
We'll come in low out of the rising sun -- We'll put on the music about a mile out.
What about this point here?
You talk like him. I don't mind taking casualties, Captain, but I like to keep my ratio ten to one in this unit -- ten Cong to one.
And I don't intend to get some of them chewed up just to get your tub put in the mouth of the goddman Nung River. You say you don't know Kurtz?
I mean it's hairy -- they got some pretty heavy ordnance, boy -- I've lost a few recon ships in there now and again.
That village you're pointing at is kinda hairy.
Don't you agree?
Seems to me he got himself fragged. i heard some grunt rolled a grenade in his tent. Maybe a rumor. Helluva man -- remarkable officer. Walter Kurtz woulda been a General some day. General of the Army. Shit, Head of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. Did you knew Kurtz?
'Bout a year ago? Is Kurtz still alive?
Nu Mung Ba. Last I heard, Walter Kurtz commanded a Green Beret detachment at Nu Mung Ba.
Can you trust them?
What'd you do for supplies?
Haiphong? Shit, you jump in ?
What's the furthest you been in?
Why the hell you wanna go up to Nu Mung Ba for?
Just hold up a second, Captain -- I'll get to you soon enough -- We've got things to do here.
Yeah -- Na Trang told me to expect you -- we'll see what we can do. Just stay out of my way till this is done, Captain.
