Eighth room down, babe...
Delivery Entrance.  Low Security.
The security's actually not that severe.
I laughed, I cried.
Well, forget about it.  Hawk and I are going to Rio.  We're hurt, we're tired, and a hero ain't nothing but a sandwich.  Right, buddy?...
You're saying you want us to beat them to the crystal and save the world from financial disarray.
It was so beautiful!  When the blanks went off, they...
Get em....
Get 'em.  They went down the hallway.
I can't believe you didn't notice. My weight.  I lost ten pounds in Rome
I'm a ghost.  Boo.
"But we'll be the same as we started...
Anna, I think you better stay....
"How'd we ever get such in a ru-utt"
Now that's a lock.
"Maybe we're ragged and funny."
Why not just go now?
You sound disappointed.
We're going in from the ground floor.
Damn travel agency.  That Kremlin thing is in Moscow, isn't it?
Don't act like you've never committed a crime before, Hawkins?  I know, I made call, when Anna tracked me down I...
But I said I was sorry....
You re not thinking of going to...
Why try?
Morning edition.  Seems two thieves "attempted" to steal it last night, but thanks to three "courageous" guards, it will be ready for tonight.
Ah yes, a rare Renaissance piece. Da Vinci's "Sforza," an equestrian model of a never executed statue. I consider it to be the prize of tonight's auction of objets d'equestrian.  Horse things.
Geez, Gates was killed.  Who do we send the thank you note to?
Did I miss anything?
"You could be swinging on a star."
The song's over!  Come on! "You could be swinging on a star."
"Every day you meet quite a few."
"He can't write his name or read a book.  To fool people is his only thought."
"He kicks up at anything he hears.
You know they invented something while you were inside.  Called a watch.
You got about five minutes and change.
They record everything their video surveillance takes in...
No need.  Guards' station's right there.
Hey, you promised......Don't worry, I'm wearing my girdle.
Don't wet your diapers.  I'll have to change them.  "Witchcraft." What's the running time?
Rutherford Auction... that name...
There goes five seconds...My record's eighteen.
Hey, I'm sorry, man.  I'm putting out a fire with kerosene.
Just means it'll take you an extra 31 seconds to seduce.  You re still the best, I know it.
Hmmm, nasty little safe on the 7th.
Hmmmm.....
Sure.  That's why his meatballs are made out of marinated Chuck Wagon.
Hey, get this irritable guy a cappuccino.  I gotta go be a boss.
I didn't know how to tell you.  A couple brokers stopped in for Stoley Spritzers one night.  Next thing I know Fast Track Digest votes us "Watering Hole of the Month."  Now, I'm shopping for Aqua Salmon wallpaper.
Those dago-guinea-I can say this shit I'm Italian-wop motherfu--
So Mr. Coffee, what went down outside the prison?
Oh man, you still got a thing for those unmasculine European coffees? Who's your buddy?
Now that you're born again,what do you wanna do?  Statue of Liberty?  Entertain some ladies? Miss Saigon tix?  Seduce some women?  Play Nintendo?  Bone some chicks?
Still do the puzzles, still know the running times of songs, and I'll bet you're still the best damn cat burg--
Show off.  Hey, boss tune.  "Come Fly with Me."
Don't say it, Hawkins.  I'm incredibly sensitive about my fucking figure.
Lousy day?  The man's getting out of prison and he's having a lousy day.  What, you missing out on the Cell Block Water Ballet pageant?  Believe me, it's overrated.
That's the first thing I did. Smooch the ground and taste the freedom.  Sorry I was late.  Miss anything?
