That New-York-Italian-Father- made-twenty-bucks-a-week-son- of-a-bitch.  What was our bet?  A million?
So let's get busy.  Have some fun and make some deals.
I look at you Soviet people and I feel... pity... superiority.  Most of your life, your government has told you that Capitalism turns people into robots who'd rather eat microwave sushi, naked in the back of a Cadillac than hear the laughter of children.
Well, that said, the last ingredient in the recipe is in, get this, you're gonna die, the Kremlin.
Alchemy!  Is the business term of the 90's, my man!  Minerva read about it in an airline magazine about four years ago.  I dumped some lira into research... Shazam, we come across a diary by one of Da Vinci's apprentices detailing La Machine de Oro, the gold machine for those at home, and the rest is about to become history.  Money isn't everything, gold is.  Fuck blue chip stocks!  Fuck T-bills! Fuck Junk Bonds!  I got the real deal!  Money will always be paper but gold will always be gold!
So, Captain Hawk, in one of your paws you got a gold bar worth about 8 thou.  In the autre, you got lead that won't get you gelato.
I don't care.
Haven't you ever seen, like David Niven?  You know tiptoe in, tiptoe out.
Listen Hawk, this might be hard to believe, but I'm a regular joe.  I just want to be happy and happiness comes from the achieving of goals. It's just when you make your first billion by the age of 19, it's hard to keep coming up with new ones.  But now finally I got my new goal.  World domination.  With your help...Bunny....quit that!
Hawkmeister, we got you clothes, great hotel, and a 250,000 lira per diem.
Outbid by my own wench, quelle bummere.
What a pleasant surprise.  You're probably wondering...
I'll torture you so slowly you'll think it's a career!  I'll kill your family, your friends, and the bitch you took to the Prom!
Come to think of it there is a part of your body that you won't need for your next job...
Way to go, Alfie!  How many people did you break that thing in front of.   Good help's hard to find.
Oh... Let's see.  There are organizations that think we wanted the "Sforza" for reasons other than putting it in the Da Vinci museum we're building in Vinci. Hopefully, these organizations think our plan has been ruined with the explosion of our replica. If I seem vague, grand.  We want a low profile on this, that's why I got Kaplan and the Candy bars involved.  I helped George help the Mario Brothers and Gates help get you out....
So Hawkasaurus, I won't mince words...
Because I didn't want to get hurt, taterhead.
For those kind of wages, I could have built the factory in America! They're Vietnamese, can't we just give them more Bart Simpson shirts? I hear depressing news like this and I want to commit genocide!  Alfred, hold my calls.  So, Hawk! The Hawkster!  What do you think of the vehicle?
