Let's just forget it, I mean...
You're a reed, man.  I gotta get Anna.  Hang in there...
Alex, are you....
I don't want to sound immature, but we were here first...
"We all had our quarrels and parted..."
You can be lookout!.....  Take Alex's gun.
That was close....
"Oh this lock is a pain in the bu-utt"
Don't worry, we'll get it...
"Oh, we ain't got a barrel of money.
Okay.
Count of three?
Yeah, I mean, come on, going through the Iron Curtain is supposed to be crawling underneath barbed wire, it's supposed to be strangling a guard...
Shwoof, that makes me feel better. I can't believe this is the Iron Curtain.  All the guy at Airport customs wanted to know was "Who Shot J.R.?"
Geez, this Art Treasures Room looks like a burnt diaphragm.
Rio, Alex?  After all they've done to...Hey, these tickets are for Moscow!
No sweat, Alex, you only made the biggest mistake of <u>my</u> life.  What was your per-diem?
You bastard.  You fucked my freedom for a lousy job.
Alex, my man, it's time to play a little offense.  Where's your tux?
Because I'm tired of not understanding things.  Cops, Mafia, and butlers forcing me to bust my ass to steal something, which it turns out I really didn't steal--it's fucked up.
Boing.  Uh, this I don t understand...
"Attempted."  At-tempt-ted!  I'm not happy about having to steal that horse, but I do have my pride.  Face it, when it comes to burglary, and sex, I....
Okay, you got me, Mr. PBS.
The Butler did it.  Guy was a cross between Alistair Cook and a Cuisinart. Dude took Mr. Ed and humptied dumptied it over Gates's head.  He said it was made by, get this, Leonardo..
Oh, not much.  Gates just had his tonsils taken out.  The hard way.
Paint a woman in a lighthou--I don't want to steal a horse. Life is...
What am I doing here?  There are so many things I wanna do that aren't this.  Paint a lighthouse. Kiss a woman in Italy.
"And all the monkeys aren't in the zoo."
"And though he's slippery, he still gets caught."
"A mule is an animal with long funny ears."
5:32.  "Swinging on a Star."
Yes, master-thief, I can see that. You said something about a plan...
Cameras?
Whoa, you better cut a bigger hole than that.
Alex!
I'm sorr--Goddamn Mario Brothers. Goddamn Gates.  Goddamn Rutherford Auction House.  By the way, how many seconds?
You're not...LISTENING!
This isn't funny.  I'm not into this.  I...
But you got three guards who... Shit, what am I doing?  Where's the want ads?  Gonna sell some spatulas.
The safe's a Simpson 71.  Last time I played the game, Simpson only had a 40.
It's Captain Bob's steering wheel! Remember when the Captain.....
Yo Pandora, quit hummm-ing... look at this.
Alex, did you know this ape was going to be here...
I read about these people in Newsweek.  Where's all the regulars, Crazy Jeff Cava, the Todd sisters, Indian Joe?  Where's Ed Kranepool's autograph?  Captain Bob's steering wheel?
Ah, had the perfect amount of foam.  Just get me to the bar... It's the one good thing in my life that'll never change....
Oh, not much.  Mario Brothers want me to do a job.
Come on, Alex, let's just get to Alex's.  Your bar's the only place that's going to cheer me. God, I'd kill for a damn cappuccino.  What the hell's a Nintendo?
Not anymore.  Now I'm the laziest damn cat burg--I'm going to take it so straight that I won't tape a Mets game without the expressed written consent of the National Baseball League.
Three minutes, 51 seconds.
That's your definition of "Hard?"
My next word was gonna be "consciousness."  Swear to God... tubby.
Looks like you've been expanding your...
Your timing, and your shoes, are impeccable...  Good to see you, Alex, been having a lousy day.
Ooh-kay...
You're unemployed, Alfie.  Boss is dead.  Her plan is over.
Last rites, sister?
My life is not some deal.  I...
Yes way.
Too-do-loo, babe.
I got my planet back.
Have I ever told you the world is beautiful...  I'd really like to play Nintendo with you, or something...
I wanna know...
Yeah, but what would happen if that little mirror came out of the crystal.
Wha.....
I hope you know what....
This is too bad to be false.
I told you not to call me Hudson. The only people who called me that were the nuns at...
Fits my new image.  A thief for the masses.  This is one job I'm not going to feel guilty about enjoying.  Gum.
Hey, don't take your disguise so seriously.
Selfish attitude?  I'm just some guy who wants a little nap and a cappuccino for when he wakes up, not too much foam...
You better believe I can.  I'm sick of people telling me what I have to do.
You know, the place where you gave the bad guys the Codex.... the Mayflower Museum.
Oh.  Well, what's this?
And you, Dr. Cappucino, you're lucky I don't hit women, assuming you are a woman.  I'm not taking anything for granted anymore.
This doesn't taste like cappuccino.
Ooh, I guess I do know something Here's looking at you, kid...
Does everyone in the world know more than me?  Jesus, I'm just some guy who happens to be good at swiping stuff.....Lifted a piece of licorice when I was one and a half.  Who knew it would lead... They even got the CIA involved!
Wha--
It's not what you think.  Okay, maybe it is....
Oh.  No.
Catholic girls are scary...
Hey now, outside of a very friendly dog this morning, it's been a slow decade.  I don't make love every ten years, I get a little cranky.
tickles, ticKleS, TICKLES.
Uh....old badminton injury.
I seem to have a thing for sinning. sinning.  Check please....
Let's just say, I never saw E.T.
I was the Warden?
This is bueno.  They had the worst ketchup in prison.....uh...
I never break a date.  Scout's honor.
Said.
And I'll bring my entourage...
God, I wish I could say the same thing.  What about having a nice, dull dinner with me tonight. Scrabble, Knock-knock jokes, Anecdotes about famous dead Italians....
You're not an unmysterious thang yourself.
Oh, you read that.
The Vatican is made of constant mysteries meant to be enjoyed, not explained.
Whoa, part 2.  Does it go to Times Square?
Could you believe that crazy elephant?
Whoa.  Name's Hawkins, Eddie Hawkins. My nickname's Hudson Hawk, but don't call me Hudson, not even as a joke. The Nuns at St. Agnes called me that and they're the ones who helped make me what I am today. Not a compliment...
Never, why do you ask?
That's what you theenk.
Yes, and my giraffe loves it, too...
Because Danger, Doc, is my middle...
Excuse me, Milady.  I would have flown over and carried you up to a pink cloud, but I left my cape at the cleaners.
Forget about it--it was nothing-- anybody would have done the same thing--It's an impulse...
Oh, the shit is going to hit the fa--
Ah, the mafia, the cops; do I know how to party or what?
Baseball, why?
If the Mario brothers weren't Jersey's third largest family, I'd say kiss my ass.  But considering your status, I'll say slurp my butt.
Or you cut off my thingie. Directions even your brother would understand.
Sure.  Face down.  Two endearing shots to the back of the head. That's your mark, man.  What did Little Eddie ever do to...
But you're going to tell us anyway...
You want an address on that last one?
Hey, guys, I've always wanted to sing like Franki Valli and the other seasons, but come on....
I guess that's a no.
If you're pausing for a "thank you," give it up.  So boss, you going to tell me what the crystal piece inside the pony means?
Whatever.  You own Boardwalk, you own Park Place, you own the four railroads.  You think you're God. For all I know, you're probably right.  I just wanted to have a damn cappuccino, maybe play some Nintendo after I find out what it is.  Man, why didn't you just <u>buy</u> the horse?  What am I saying, you did buy it...
You could host American Bandstand in here.  Why did you duck at the auction, asshole?
You certainly do.
Weren't you the bartender at Jonestown?
What else do you got under there ... I don't want to be rude, but this is all pretty lame.
Uh, yeah.  Cut to the chase.
Yes.
How was I supposed to know they were women?  Besides one of them was bald and kept saying "Soitinly."
The only thing you can't do is get sex for free.  I know I was in prison for like basically the 80's, but, call me daffy, aren't you supposed to <u>stop</u> me from committing crimes.  You know, Book-em-Dano, Call-for-backup, Give-a-Hoot-Don't-Pollute.
What job?
The pleasure's all yours, Officer Gates.
And to think I thought you were Evil Incarnate in pumps.
Except yours-yours.  The goal of world domination.  Well, if you put it that way, Minnie.  How can I resist?
You killed a friend.  Why should I help you go for the gold?
If you think you're getting past me...
Bunny, not you too?
Sure.  The Kremlin.  Makes sense. The Kremlin.  Why not?  Listen, this is all too Indiana Jones and the Lost City of King Tut for me, man.  Throw me in jail and go ahead, just try and throw Alex...
Alchemy.
Two minutes, 35 seconds.  Damnit, I'm involved in this thing, so I just wanna know what this thing is. I wanna be treated as an adult.
Just browsing.  Don't touch me....
You wouldn't risk the dime to call the police.  You have no proof.
Anybody have a cigarette?  But seriously, do me a favor and Concorde me back to prison.  I don't care anymore.  I hope you have the receipts for the threads.
Guess I know who wears the penis in this family.
Damnit, I hate this!  I'm a cat burglar!  Nobody said anything about this fight-to-the-death shit.
Just shut up and hit me!
Don't be stupid...they...
Tonight?  You're whacked.  The timing's off, I'm underequipped Damnit, I have a date!
You know Kaplan, if you weren't the slimiest pinata of shit that ever lived, I'd feel sorry for you.
This is the worst night...
Why does this have to be so hard...
No.  But why do you let Butterfinger keep those blood stains on his shirt?
I don't think you'll appreciate their choice of weenie.
Can't you see the Mayflowers double-crossed you...
If you do anything to my friend...
Thanks for sharing.
Why George, you big softie...
I'm supposed to fall for that?
Employer?  The president?
Three minutes, twenty-three seconds.  If you think I'm doing another...
To what do I owe the dishonor of a reunion, you centrally intelligent scumsicle.
But I'm not the type of guy to hold a grudge.
Bastard, you're going to need another nose!
Don't I know you...
