As for our plan of action, anybody'd be insane to go in from the ground floor...
Close call, but she's our only way of keeping tabs on that damn mysterious Vatican organization. Hawk, it's time to go to the principal's office....
Snickers, make the list happen. Oh and it's one thing to play hide and seek with the Mayflower's pathetic staff, but we're sore losers.  I've put jumper cables on the nipples of children and not always in the line of duty.
I call them the MTV.I.A.  Punks think Bay of Pigs is an herbal tea. They think the Cold War involves penguins and...
Don't you just hate kids...
Actually he never told us what it was.
Anna.  Anna.  Anna.  If that were true, Almond Joy would have handed you your heart right after you handed me the Codex. Now, get some sleep.  Kit Kat...
It's the site of their new museum and we're taking it over.  Operation Deflower Mayflower is going full speed ahead.
And then we'll arrest those greedy pigs... Is that it?
Way to go, Anna.
Tell me about it...
I can't believe this.  I'm in fucking Russia, or do I have to say, the fucking Soviet Union and I'm shooting a non-Bolshevick.  I never thought I'd say "I'm just in this job for the money."  Sad. Any last immature quips?
They may be scum, but if I get the Da Vinci model back, then we'll be roasting weenies on the beach.
Yeah, right.  By the way, as long as I'm getting things off my chest, I'm the one who killed your little monkey.  Made it look like a Mafia hit.  Did it for fun. Ciao.
We blow up space shuttles for breakfast.  You and your friend Alex would be a late afternoon Triscuit.
God, I miss communism.  The Red Threat.  People were scared, the Agency was respected, and I got laid every night.
Hawk, Hawk, Hawk.  Enjoying Italy?  I always had a soft spot for Rome.  Did my first barehanded strangulation here.  Communist politician.
Shucks.  Guess not.
No, somebody powerful.  Oh.  Look. what's that up there?
Hush.  My employer wants a meeting.
I Want to make things up to you. That's why I got you this gig, doll.  Hawk, my name's George Kaplan and to quote the late, great Karen Carpenter, "We've only just begun."
I used you as a diversion.  while you were getting captured upstairs, I was shredding documents in the basement.  Deep down, I guess I was just jealous.  You were one incredible thief...
You just might.  I'm the guy who tricked you into robbing a government installation and then had you sent to prison for it.  At the time, I was bald with a beard, no moustache, and I had a different nose, so if you don't recognize me, I won't be offended.
