Million five, lover...
I knew it!  I told you it was a fake.
We're here to say, your government was right.
Market crashes.  Bomb drops. Greenhouse effect affects.  We'll still be the richest, most powerful people in the world.  In 1992, Europe is coming together to become one business superpower.  It's one party we'd love to poop.
Surely a master-thief like you can tell the difference.
No, let me!
Like a "cat", one could say.
Bunny, ball-ball!  Bad bunny!
We want Da Vinci's sketchbook, what do they call it, the Codex.
That's two hundred dollars a day? So he can get a hooker and some tequila.  Veto, Darwin.
Poor baby..... Here, Bunny.
I killed some lovable working class Italian-diabetic, but you killed the most significant male figure of the decade and a kind, gentle lover.  So don't play with me.
If you pull this off, I can't promise I won't kill you.  I mean, who we trying to kid?  But I will spare the Flying Nun here....
You can't, convict!  You're just a shmoe!  Every shmoe has the fantasy the planet revolves around them.  It rains, car crash stops traffic, you say "How could this happen to me?"  It's a natural inclination.  But for I, this isn't a fantasy, it is <u>reality</u>! You are on my planet!  You walk around the corner for coffee, out of my sight, you do not fucking exist!  The lives of shmoes like you have meaning only in relation to the rich, to the powerful, to ME!
It'll take a couple of years of steady production, but I'll flood the market with so much gold that gold itself, the foundation of all finance, will lose its meaning. Brokers, economists, and fellow entrepreneurs will drown in the saliva of their own nervous breakdowns.  Markets will crash- crash.  Financial Empires will crumble-crumble.
I hate a man with a sense of humor.  While you corn dogs were comparing the lengths of your masculinity, we obtained the helicopter the new fashioned way: a thoroughly corrupt business deal.
You've got a dilemma, tiger.  I think I know what's going to help you solve it.
Jail, you asshole!  Our foot soldiers will blow your brains out!  Bunny, Ball-Ball!
Cool, isn't it?  Weight, feel, mal1eability, they're all but identical.  On the periodic chart of elements, they're but one proton apart.  Great minds worked for centuries to turn worthless into priceless.
Big girls don't cry-I-eye.
Get away from there, convict!
You go back, you won't be alone. You'll have a diabetic barkeep cellmate.  You're still young enough to have fun shanking child molesters for a pack of smokes, but "Alex" will go in knowing that the next time he gets out it'll be to attend his own funeral. Depressing.
For God's sake, chain this convict.
