I'd rather be with him than without him. I don't want to be found dead in L.A.
Hard to miss.
No, but I know what he means.
You just cooking then?
Well, those are the breaks.
Really.
Probably.
Uh-huh.
Not much -- you?
You're just on a higher plane, Wilson.
Poor baby.
Friends and <u>colleagues</u>.
How do you know?
What's in Big Sur?
I could use a vacation.  Of course, I keep forgetting, for you this <u>is</u> a vacation.
I don't know -- few hours, I guess.
Up the coast.
She never would have turned you in, not in a million years.
Still, you could never ... do what she wanted.
She told me you were a ghost in her life. Daddy the friendly ghost.  Coming back to haunt her.
A leech on the welfare state in addition. You don't miss a trick.
Minor officials bother you, don't they?
Won't he be looking for you about now?
I guess you're just habitual.
What'd your father do?
He alive to see this?
What about your grandmother?
Stick with me, kid.  Looks big when you get here but you can cover it in five minutes.
Yeah, well, you're here now --  -- where <u>h</u>urricanes <u>h</u>ardly ever <u>h</u>appen.
Only in the movies.
-- they want Southern, I do Southern, they want Midwest, I do Midwest, they want tall, blonde, and twenty-two, I'm shit out of luck.  One thing I can't do is English. Americans can't.  Shouldn't even try. And Laurence Olivier couldn't do us.
Pushing the legal limit even then.
I don't believe it.
You <u>have</u> been away.  Or is all this just new to you?
Overnight.  What about just now?
Who remembers.
I was inside once.  I punched a cop at a demo.
From pursuing your chosen profession.
It didn't discourage you, though.
You mean if they'd nabbed you before you actually broke and entered you would only have been charged with making a mess.
What did you do?  To make them take the early 70's away from you.
Still, there have been rewards.  It's sunny.  And some of the producers who call even have credits.
It's too involved; a lifetime of non- involvement.  Anywhere else I'd be an interesting little number, here I'm just SAG number forty-eight thousand and one.  SAG meaning Screen Actor's Guild.
You don't know how I've compromised my standards.
These more highlights from the Zagat prison guide?
This town's been chewing my flesh since ... what we now refer to as "the early 70's."  Christ, my past became nostalgia and no one even asked me.
You think Terry gave me access to her things?  Probably sold her clothes.
She'd never called me like that before. She sounded more ... pissed off -- angry -- than upset or afraid.  But she never turned up.  I called the house but only got the answer machine.  When they found her ... she'd been going the wrong way. Not the direction she'd have gone if she'd been coming to see me.  Or coming <u>straight</u> to see me.  Who knows.  Maybe she just wanted to drive.
Jenny was supposed to come to my place that night.  She called me, asked if she could come over.  She and Terry had been -- having some trouble.  Lately.  I don't know about what.  On this occasion, it reached some sort of crisis point.
There's the phone.  You want his number.
On what.  What makes you so certain.
Terry's never going to give you satisfaction.  Not the type.
You don't believe it was a car accident.
You fuckin' guys and your dicks.
Are you serious.
So what's the deal.  You and Terry Valentine at twenty paces.  Is that what this is about.
-- When he wants someone run down, you're willing to do it for him.
In what capacity are you employed by this Mr. Lindgren?
Right.
I thought you said you never did an honest day's work in your life.
I bet.
I see.
What line is he in.
Who's Mr. Lindgren?
-- Your employer?
Lives high off the hog and waits for the next big thing.  Like me -- but on a grander scale of failure.
Do you even know who Terry Valentine is?
That's what was estimated.
Where you get your bank statements.
What's that, like a P.O. box.
The address Jenny gave me, that wasn't a prison, was it?
Were you still married at the time -- to Jenny's mother, I mean?
I gave him yours.  Said, here, you want to write, I think this is a relative.  I guess I thought I was being true to Jenny.  Who told me she didn't have a father -- before proceeding of course to tell me why.
I should really give him a call.  He's a character, isn't he.  Well, not to you. I meant to us squares in the outside world.
And you've seen Eddie Rama.
I might've been away for the weekend.
You haven't been lurking outside my building all day.
When did you get in?
She was happy here.  However the two of you might have parted.  Don't think she wasn't.
She was twenty-one when she came to me.  ... Straight from leaving you.
You weren't disappointed in her, then.
Modelling.
When I'm not honing my craft in episodic television I do double-duty as a voice coach.  Not that her accent would have hobbled her progress.  Not with that look.
She never told anyone else.  About the convict strain -- or is it stain?  No, I was privileged.  I was someone who helped Jenny efface her past.
Disappointed.
Not ashamed.
Not embarrassed.
I'm sorry.  I guess the rest of us have no excuse for wondering where the time went.  It must've been the bars.
Now who's being sarcastic?
Three seasons.  They found that's the limit of human tolerance when it comes to following the adventures of a family of Mormons on the Chisum Trail.  I was wife number three -- the ingenue.
If it played in England somebody owes me money.  Who told you that -- Eddie?
Sarcastic, moi?  Maybe I'll mellow when my ship comes in.  It's expected any day now.  I'm all packed and ready to go.
Sounds like Beverly Hills.
Try calling me again.
Well, that kind of security can't be bought.  Must be more comforting than a daughter to greet you.
And not with all that buried loot you had waiting for you when you got out.  From the Wembley Staduim job, wasn't it?  Pink Floyd concert receipts.  Jenny would've been ... fourteen at the time?
In any case, I don't suppose the salary you make sewing mailbags is really commensurate with international airline travel.
I heard you were -- what's that adorable phrase? -- "at Her Majesty's pleasure."
That's not what I heard.
It's been a while.
Been busy, have you.
No, why did you come here?
Why did you come here?
Not her brand.
You look alike.
