All for show. Just a psychological mind game to get you to do the right thing.
On come on, X. Did you really think we were that barbaric?
You know what they say, the only way to change the system is from the inside.
Cut the crap, X, I saw you down there. You're a hero. Don't be afraid to join the good guys.
You've kept up your end of the bargain, I'll do the same. But you really should consider staying on, you make a decent agent.
Thought you bought the farm down there, X. Glad as hell to see you.
Somebody else makes those decisions, not guys like you and me. You've done your job, X, head back to Prague. I'll be landing in 90 minutes. This is my operation now.
Yeah, that's right. So now that you know, you understand why it's important that we get it back.
Silent Night is the name of a top secret binary nerve agent. The glass canister is shot into the air and detonated. The black and white chemicals mix, forming a toxic cloud. When it settles down to Earth, it'll kill everything in the vicinity.
Yes it does.
I'm on the way with a team to relieve you. What's the latest?
You're a grungy little phoenix, you know that? Keep up the good work.
I'm gonna be en route with a team shortly to relieve you. Just keep the pressure on until the cavalry arrives. And X? You done yourself proud helping those people today.
This is good work, X, damn fine work. You need to press on at all costs, find out what they have planned with this "Ahab".
You did say "Ahab"? You're sure about that?
My friend, if you're planning on crossing me...
That information is classified. You're there to gather information on their operations, period.
We're not after car thieves here.
One point two million dollars? I did not authorize you to spend one point two million dollars!
If you're trying to push my buttons, you're on the right track. Don't make me question my own judgment, X.
Just remember, I'll be watching.
Crude and defiant as always, Triple X. It fits so well because you're obscene.
I expect you to call in regularly with progress reports.
Wherever you go on the planet, I'll find you. There's no quitting. If you try to take it off, a ring of needles will inject enough curare into your bloodstream to kill you before you hit the ground. Is all that clear?
What's with that "X" on the back of your head? Does that mean you're "extreme"? I've got some news for you, Mr. X, you're a three time loser. So maybe you should tattoo another couple of X's on your head.
If you find out what I want to know, and if I'm able to successfully use that information, you get to go back to your degenerate little life. If not, you take a bath.
There's some folks I want to keep tabs on. Dirty, tattooed, uncivilized. Your kind of people.
That's too bad. I thought a guy like you would appreciate the challenge.
You're an adrenaline junkie with one foot in the penitentiary. You risk your ass building a daredevil myth that means nothing and you're not getting any younger.
You're perceptive too. I forgot to add that to the list of surprises. I'm with the National Security Agency. And unlikely as it may sound, I need your help.
You've really got me confused, Cage. On the one hand you showed leadership, courage under fire, a willingness to protect men you hardly knew... and on the other you have an arrest record that pegs you as near sociopathic. Help me out here. I'm not following your evolution.
Good thing you were there to save the day. Come walk with me.
Congratulations, you've just graduated at the head of your class.
You know what I hate? It's always the assholes that pass the tests.
Sure as gravity. I've had a feeling about you from the start, Cage. It's nausea.
You've got this wrong. You're not under arrest, you've been abducted. And until I say different, you belong to me.
Oh I don't know, I think the tests work pretty well. Sometimes they give me answers you wouldn't admit to in a million years.
Why is that?
Alright, Cage, you've got me. This is one of those moments. "Many are called, few are chosen", that kind of thing. Your government needs you. Are you up for the challenge?
It's your lucky day. You just might get the chance to pay back our wonderful country for all the freedom you enjoy.
Whether you thought this was for real or not, you jumped in and helped the waitress on instinct. That tells me something about your character.
Most guys we ran through this either took off or helped them rob the place. I expected you to do the same.
Looks like a diner.
The name's Gibbons. You were saying?
So the odds are up to fifty-fifty? I can deal with that.
He's gotten closer in 24 hours than all of the other operatives combined. He got us an account number to boot. Now even if he's just dumb and lucky, I say we back his play.  I put him out there, Sam. If he doesn't come up with the money, they'll kill him. I can't let that happen.
If it means getting Silent Night back, absolutely.
I think we should send him whatever he wants.
That's exactly why we need them.
But programmable. And expendable.
The usual prospects. Convicts, contract killers, murde...
You wanna find out about rats, ask a rat. I've had my people put together a talent pool. I downloaded it to your desktop.
I'll go in with a team. But first I'm going to need some intel. I'll have to put someone inside, someone new, someone they won't see coming. One of their own.
We're gonna have to step in, Sam. Those CIA boys couldn't find a clown in a field of cactus. Let me take care of it.
They're ruthless and they have a lot of firepower. It's only a matter of time before they figure out how to deploy Silent Night. Then we're gonna have a catastrophe on our hands.
Not a whole helluva lot. His final transmission was mangled. About something or someone called "Ahab". Whatever it is, it cost him his life.
