What are you doing?
I can't believe my mission is finally over. I don't even know what to do with myself.
By then it's too late! The only way to safely dispose of the nerve agent is in deep water! The chemicals will break down and dissipate!
It's running three meters down. Twenty knots.
No, it's like a safety. We are going to have to access the manual controls.
He's shut out the communication circuit!
A piece of shrapnel hit me.
Let me.
Go to the water, it's that way!
He owns a big industrial complex on the river. He'll launch it from there.
If they launch it, I know how to bring it back.
Yorgi and Kirill.
Don't you see, X? For the betterment of humanity, he's going to start World War Three.
What the hell are we doing? We're doing all this together, trusting each other, making plans, and we haven't even slept together yet.
I was supposed to wait for the cop to kill you and then kill the cop. They'll believe me.  I've been lying for so long, one more time won't hurt.
Yes, I do. You're right. I can't just let him go free. Besides, I can help you from the inside.
I must be healthy, then, because I'm scared to death. I guess I'd better get back to Yorgi.
Aren't you afraid?
They left. To a fortress in the mountains.
Why? You're the one who believes in nothing. Screw the world, or whatever you said.
No, now it's about us. Let's do something for us before we both get killed. Don't you want to get to Bora Bora, Xander?
What do we owe our governments? Yours kidnapped you, mine abandoned me.
It doesn't matter anymore, forget it.
We're getting out of this place. We've done enough.
I know which cops are good and which are bad. Come with me. Come on, right now.
I heard you talking. I could tell where you were in the room.
Are you alright?
You can't, it's too risky. I'm not much help anyway, remember?
Of course. I'll do what I can. I have to go, before they notice.
No, I guess I've been no help at all to you.
I don't know. Eight months ago I stop hearing from my people. No explanation, just silence. So I stay and I wait like I was told. Soon I'm in so far, they'd kill me if I left. Now every day I get farther and farther away from what I was. I'm like you said, a criminal.
I'm a agent as well. KGB. I've been undercover for over a year.
There's something I didn't have time to tell you before.
No, something worse. He says it's a surprise, but I know him. This is his masterpiece.
I can't let this happen. I want you to go out the back. I'll make up some excuse.
That's alright, I'll figure something out.
Jesus Christ. You're going to have to go out the back. The data that you copied with your toy. Tomorrow, at six o'clock. Look it up. We're taking a trip. Be there at six and you'll have plenty to tell your people.
There's no more time for games. They made you. There's a sniper out front waiting to put a bullet in your eye. Tell me if it's true.
They tell me you're an American agent.
A beach named X? That I'd like to see.
All I have to do is risk my life providing you with these facts.
Don't even start. I'll be honest, I don't trust you. Bur lets pretend for a minute that what you say is true, that I want to leave. What can you do about it?
You agree with a lot of what he says, don't you.
Whoever sent you knew what they were doing. You and Yorgi are practically twins. Two nihilistic fashion victims who make a lot of noise but don't say much.
So why don't you tell me something about who you gather information for. They obviously have very deep pockets. Are you from a rival clan?
That's how you eat? It's like a gerbil.
What are you?
Go to hell!
I don't know what you're talking about.
Maybe we should start again, yes? I know so little about you, except that you're not what you say you are.
Bullshit. I see you look at everything, study everything, ask questions. I know exactly what you're doing. Empty your pockets.
I also remember you drove your car here. Who are you really? Make no mistake, I will shoot you and not feel bad about it. Who are you working for?
Who are you?
Don't even bother, X man, I'm not your type.
I don't know who you are or where you come from, but I don't like you. You ask too many questions.
Why are you still hanging around? Your business is finished, you should go home.
Mind your business.
Go to hell.
Yorgi asked me to.
So cute. He shows up for a battle of wits with a mental butter knife.
My goodness, a word with four syllables. I should get some ice before your brain gets too hot.
Do you know what a wire transfer is?
Ten is hardly worth the effort. We're talking a lousy million five U.S.
The Peace conference...
Why don't we go below decks and work off some of this adrenaline.
I'd forgotten how exciting it is working together.
What are you doing?
Nothing. He had two days.
