You're a jerk-off, you know that?
No needles, huh? What about the acid bath?
Oh yeah? Why don't we start by taking this thing off my ankle? The poison needles?
Who says you're the good guys?
But I hate cops, remember? Except for her.
I'm pretty happy to see me too. So are you done with me yet?
We don't have that kinda time, boss, I don't think Prague's gonna be around much longer. I've gotta go now. I've got a lot of bad guys to kill.
Kinda funny, though, isn't it? We're not supposed to be making weapons like that anyway. Guess we shoulda played by the rules.
Jesus Christ, Gibbons, this is something we came up with?
Come on, Gibbons, you can do better then that.
They retrofitted Ahab with some kind of rocket launcher. They were loading canisters of liquid into it, light colored and dark colored in the same tube but separate. Something tells me this it that "classified" stuff you didn't want me to know about. Does the song "Silent Night" mean anything to you?
Snow covered fortress. Army of bad guys. The usual.
You ain't seen nothing yet.
Thanks.
Hey, one miracle at a time. They're on to me now, remember?
Yeah, I sent you pictures. Here's what I'm thinking. If they take out the cameras and sensors, they could probably put a bomb in this thing. You drop it in the water in the Red Sea and three weeks later it's swimming up the Potomac.
I know, poison needles in my shins. You've got 36 hours. Peace, out.
Call me crazy, but I thought hooking up a million dollar deal was a great way to get on their good side. What else? You gonna hassle me about the weapons and spy stuff too?
What the hell am I after? You're telling me dick.
I'm already on a first name basis with these dudes, I got a deal set up, you want me to hammer it or not?
Buddy, you sent me here to get close to their organization, that costs money.
I guess you got my E-mail. I set up a purchase. Ten cars.
Is that all?
Up yours.
Fine, but I'm not gonna be no Bulldog Omega 5.
Yeah, I spy or I die.
How about a pedicure as long as you're down there. What's this? Lo-Jack?
Not bad for a gimp.
You're one sick bastard. A sadist with a badge looking to rope me in to a suicide mission. I think no matter which way I go I'm likely to wind up face down on a sheet of plastic. So here's my answer: kiss my ass, Hop-along.
What do I get out of it?
Now I'm the one who's nauseous. So what's the deal? What do you need me for?
I plan on getting a lot older. And playing spy games sounds like a quick way to get yourself dead.
I'm not interested. I've already got a job.
You want the cheap backstory? The runaway mom, the suicide dad and the foster homes? Gimme a break. You're not interested in my past, you're interested in my future as some kind of spy.
You're a cold piece of work. You almost got three people killed out there.
You know what I hate? Any scumbag with a clean shirt and a bad haircut can get one of those tin stars and suddenly they think they're God.
Is that a fact?
Are we done now? You've got nothing on me. So if you ain't booking me, I'm walking.
Look at me, dude, do I look like a fan of law enforcement? Forget the tests, you shoulda just asked me. I woulda saved you a lot of trouble.
..If you're trolling around for narcs, man, have you got the wrong guy.
A Fed, I shoulda known. Who else would have this kind of budget? Now you're gonna hit me with the sales pitch.
Good for you. Now why don't you stop wasting my time and tell me what you want. You didn't go through all this for my benefit.
That shows me already that you don't have a clue. What's it to you, anyway?
Diner, huh? Let me tell you what the problem is. I wake up drugged to find what? You've got a "salesman" over here reading a three week old newspaper. He's pulling a 211 with a "trucker", who happens to be packing a cop issue H&K 9mm. I get tipped that something is going down when she passes me a note. How's that for twisted logic? How did she know there was trouble unless they pulled the guns before I "walked" in? And if that's true, why'd they stop and wait until I woke up to gaffle the money? Then I notice how beefy they both are. Hell, even the waitress is cut. All three of them look like they went through the same training program. Ergo they ain't strangers and this isn't what it seems. That's how I knew yo-yo wouldn't get a round off even if I gave him all day. Why?
What is this place?
Who the hell are you?
Alright. You wanna eat through a tube, be my guest.
We're on to the game, ese. You got the fake blood splattered all over the walls, you got your torture tools... It's all very cute. But come on, let's quit while you're ahead. I'm only trying to save you a beatin'.
We're anti-social. We don't have any friends.
Oh, I don't know. It was an accident.
Like what?
Nothing, really. My guy is just doing it to stay alive.
Just about anything I want, it looks like. This is gonna be tough, though. There's no way to save this game. I gotta get it right the first time through.
What are you gonna do? They're Euro- trash.
Yorgi masterminded the take-over of three Red Mafiya clans. Cops called it "blood week". He combined all of their global enterprises into one huge crime syndicate: Anarchy 99.
Kirill, the sniper. Looks like a bookworm, but he had 72 confirmed kills in Chechnya, they called him the "Finger of God". Assassination and weapons.
Next we got a Siberian redneck, Viktor. Into snowmobiles and snowboarding. So naturally, he covers prostitution and the drug trade.
You wanna check it out? Come here.
Slick graphics, huh? See these dudes? They're called "Anarchy 99", they're the bad guy bosses.
It's about your next mission. You need to be debriefed.
You can't welch on me now. We had a deal.
Use your grenades! Maybe we can blow it up underwater!
It has to surface to release the nerve agent, right?
A manual control on a moving torpedo. This day keeps getting better and better.
You can't talk to it?
I'm sick of that guy. Let's stop playing nice.
You okay?
Toadies right behind.
Where'd the damn truck go?!
Where's he headed?
Let's do this.
Did you do your homework?
Let me guess, they had a big white torpedo with them.
He's a regular humanitarian. And all this time I thought he was just a tool.
When this is over, we're just gonna take off, the two of us. Take a vacation.
Aren't they gonna wonder were you've been?
You don't have to do that.
A long time ago I learned how to put fear away in a little place in my head. Maybe that's my problem. If you don't feel fear you can do some amazing things, but you can also screw your life up in ways you can't imagine.
We'll have to go after them.
We can't leave now. We have to do something.
Petra, this ain't about the people that sent us here, you know that.
Of course it matters. Hey, hold on!
Wait a minute, whoa. We can't go now. What's Yorgi got planned with that nerve agent?
Where are we going?
What are you doing with the Ivans?
I don't know what's going on anymore. I thought I was square with that dude. Now everybody's switching sides like it's the WWF.
What the hell are you doing? You could've killed me!
When can I see you again?
Get your head back in the game. There are lives at stake here.
I'm busted up for you, but Jesus, what the hell are you doing? Those people almost drowned on that boat and you didn't lift a finger.
You're what? What the hell have you been doing?
What's that?
We've got to find out what it is. Can you handle that?
So what's the plan with this Ahab? Are they selling it or what?
They'll kill you, you know they will. Besides, there is no back door. Keep smiling. Ready? Now.
Not an option. Just get up slowly like everything's cool. Petra, trust me. You just hung yourself out to dry for me, I'm not gonna let you down.
If I go out the back, he'll know you've warned me.
It's a long story, but yeah, more or less.
What are you talking about?
So there you have it. I guess you just have to ask yourself, how bad to you want out?
We could work together. Then maybe we could both get the hell out of here. There's a beach in Bora Bora with my name on it.
The people I know want facts, the kinds of things an insider would know. They're interested in putting Anarchy 99 out of business.
I know where he's coming from. The only thing I really don't get is why he dumped you. Up until I found that out, I thought his judgment was pretty sound.
Don't judge a comic book by it's cover.
Let's just say I'm freelancing and leave it at that.
I'm from L.A.
I'm an information gatherer. You wanna go somewhere and talk about it?
Look at you. You're helping run things now. You're a gangster. I bet that snuck up on you. You woke up one day and you were a criminal.
The eyes don't lie. All this has gotten to you, hasn't it, Petra? You came in as Yorgi's girlfriend and you stayed because it was fun. Now you don't like it so much, but you're in so deep you can't get out anymore. Tell me if I'm wrong, Petra.
That makes two of us then, sweetheart, because I ain't buying your bullshit either. You're not like them, I can see it in your eyes. So you tell me, who's bullshitting who?
Hey, you're good.
You've got to relax, baby, you're paranoid.
Hey, take it easy. I'm just a dude trying to make a buck.
We hung out last night, remember?
That right? Why's that?
Come on, don't front like that. You'll put a guy right off you.
I was invited. What's your story?
Where are you going?
Did you guys used to date? That's it, right? He broke your heart and you're still soft on him. That's funny, it don't seem to fit with a tough broad like you.
It's gonna be like that, huh? You got all bent out of shape as soon as he started dancing with someone else. Why's that?
You do everything Yorgi says?
If you got a problem with me, why are we dancing?
Sure. Just chisel some off your heart.
Is she for real? Honey, maybe you should quiet down and let the grownups have a conversation.
I have Japanese buyers who are looking to move a fleet, if you have the quality of merchandise they're after. And it's a mil two, max.
I thought that was in detail.
You're joking, right?
From the Beastie Boys collection?
I think I'll hang on to these.
That one I'm real familiar with.
They come in any other styles or colors?
Why don't you show me some gear before you get hurt.
I stole your beat, huh? Guess you forgot to brown-nose the right people.
That's would be me.
You're not exactly "going anywhere" yourself.
I don't know. I thought this is what you wanted. You want stability, here it is.
Of course I'm serious. I bought it, didn't I?
I was gonna wait till the islands, but...
Well if you're bailing, I guess I'd better give you your surprise now.
Alright, so I'll get more.
I don't wanna go mersh, you know that. But hey, if this is about money...
I'm having fun, what's the problem?
I can see that. Why?
Hey, you don't need all this just to go on vacation. Unless this ain't for going on vacation...
Why you dogging me up?
What's the deal?
I found something big enough for us to take these guys down with. They've got a of nerve agent they're gonna unleash.
Dude, what are you doing here?
Yeah, thanks a lot.
Nice hops.
First of all, you should kill whoever sold you that suit. Two, I don't wanna be here either, so just step off. Three, if you had the authority to shoot me you would've done it by now, so just ease up on the machismo, bitch. Now that we've got that sorted out, I'm gonna get some rest.
Here we go again.
I've been on a plane for twelve hours, I think I'll stand.
Looks like we're in the middle of the drug war.
Help me with this guy.
Who's writing this dude's dialogue?
A parachute. This does not argue well.
Been to any good diners lately?
Oh just shoot us already. I'm sorry I asked.
And here I thought "anarchy" was just something cool to put on a Tshirt.
Including rape, pillage, murder.
So all by yourself, you're going to destroy every government; in the world.
What's the gimmick, Yorgi? That's the part I don't get. You gonna hold the world hostage with your gas bombs? I didn't think you were dumb enough to go with that hack cliche.
I wanted to get the hell out of Prague before Silent Night falls.
Don't forget goatee boy. I greased him up on the diamond run.
That's alright, I'm kinda tired.
My old man, he bought into the system, and it screwed him. So he swallowed a bullet. Me, I don't believe in nothing I can't see and touch.
Hell no. My dad was a straight up tin soldier. Somehow he pissed this general off and got himself dishonorably discharged. Had a court martial and everything. The charges were total bullshit, so he was sure he'd get his name cleared, but it didn't happen.
I've been here before, when I was a kid. My old man was in the service, we used to live on the Army base in Hamburg.
You got a great set-up here Yorgi. You really know how to live.
How you gonna do that with government and rules everywhere?
"...try walking into a deli and urinating on the cheese". 'Anarchy Burger' by the Vandals.
Screw the world. If I'm gonna die for something, it better be bitches and money.
You wanna see my politics?
What's "Anarchy 99"?
Had to do what I had to do.
Bullshit! You get your boy off that roof or I swear to God I'm gonna give you another hole to breathe out of.
You tell me! You got a sniper up there or what?
What's this?
I had to inspect the merchandise first.
Very nice. I'm impressed.
It'll work faster if I have an account number.
Ferrari's, Lamborghini's... high end pasta rockets. Ten to start.
When else are you gonna do it?
I'm talking about the sports cars that disappear off the docks in Genoa and wind up here. If you don't know about 'em, who does?
Thanks, but I'm here on business. I heard you're the G around here. I'm looking for some cars, expensive ones. A lot of them.
He flashed his badge to half the bar when he bought his drink.
Who you workin' for? What do you do for a living, dickhead?
That's the guy.
