Nice place to start, don't you think?
Viktor! Stay the course.
You've been so quiet lately, Petra, I thought you no longer cared.
What was that for?
It all happened so fast. Such an unfortunate accident.
Perhaps he is not all he says he is.
You both could have been a part of it. You could have ridden with us into a new day, the dawning of a new age of --
Come on, Xander. You used to stand for something. What happened to you, man? I thought you'd get it.
Sure, if that's what you want. Why not? It's all human nature. So we just have to launch our baby and wait for the decline and fall of civilization as we know it.
Easier than that, buddy. I'll get them to destroy each other. You kill an entire Peace conference, someone is going to have to pay. Then our friend Ahab continues down the river to the ocean and begins his world tour. London, Cairo, Beijing... Pretty soon everyone's involved. These guys bomb those guys, those guys invade these guys. Soon the whole world is like your wild West cowboy days. No rules, no law, everybody free to do what they want.
You think I'm after money? I told you, my friend. Anarchy. Time for a change. Money is good, but for true freedom you have to get rid of the rules themselves.
Not bad, man, not bad. You put things together quick. Prague it is.
And you. Why do you have such a problem staying away, my friend? Did you miss us that much?
That was for Anders.
You want to insult me? This is my hospitality. Pick one.
I've got meetings this afternoon, I've got to get some sleep. Just pick a girl.
Connections and politics, it's the same everywhere.
You, an Army brat? I don't see that one at all. Did you join the service as well?
It's a beautiful town, Prague. It's been good to me.
Easy. You get enough money that you grow an ass big enough for the whole world to kiss.
You got it, man. It's stupid but it's true. True freedom is when you do whatever you want anytime you want. That's when you know you're living, man.
To us it means no walls, no speed limits, no jails. It's everybody does what he wants. People think democracy is freedom but they don't have a clue. There's an old punk song. It says: "America stands for freedom, but if you think you're free..."
That's what I'm talking about, man! That's why Anarchy 99 was born.
It's all this craziness! It's what we've been living since 99, when we left the Army. One of our brothers died in Grozny and we said the hell with this shit. What for? He dies for what? Politics? Who's politics? Not ours.
Total chaos, man! Welcome to Anarchy 99!
I don't believe it! You can't shoot a cop in the middle of the street!
He's not with us, Xander. He must be with you.
What's going on, my friend?
This is a gift. From me to you.
Of course.
I'm somewhat less so. We seem to have a bit of a problem...
Don't look at me, X, she handles all the details.
We seen all your shit! So you want cars? We get whatever cars you need. What are you looking for?
I remember that one where you jump the motorcycle over the freeway at rush hour.
Sorry, man, don't know what you're talking about.
I appreciate you bringing this to our attention. Whatever you want, the rest of the night, consider it on the house.
Cops. Like a plague. No matter how many you pay there's always another with his hand out. How did you pick him out?
This pizda? Never seen him before.
