Hang you like the witch you are, unless--
--the witch kills children--
There's some stuff that's hard to part with. Editing's stuff's up there--
That's its name. A pastoral glade gamboling with crackheads and homeless and averaging at least one homicide a week.
Druid Hill Park.
You can be goddamn sure, though, I'm going to be looking at every second of 'em when I get back to Baltimore--I get proof who stole my shit and I call the cops!
--nothing left to play 'em on, honey.
This is funny?? This is tens of thousands of fucking dollars!  You pricks! I'll see you in fucking court!!
Yeah, so?
Oak?
Where they found the backpacks and all the film a year later.
"The Voiiiiices made him do it."
Then there she blows.
--how old?
What's she look like?
Who?
Why are we here?
Think again.
'Thought those all got stolen.
--a six week bun in the oven--
--but she was nicer then--sweeter-- she hadn't vomited twice already like today--
The bitched-out babe in back here is one Anna Tassio--we met one dark and stormy night in a Blair Witch chat room, we all did--
Just trying to set the mood for the mission--get the "feeling."
Christ.
Shit? This is from "Josh's Blair Witch Mix," man!
I can't let you in.
I can't.
You have to go.
The, uh, blur there.
Yeah.
--no one'll ever know.
--hours before--
Absolutely.
I know, I know.
The witch?
Just let me get my coat off--I had eight cups of coffee, I'm wired for sound here.
Four in the morning?
I got a friend at a Lab. I could get the whole thing blown-up, enhanced--
Can't you like just divine it?
I'm the ebay Boy, remember? I can't exactly afford that kind of equipment.
Okay, a blur.
Fine.
There, what? I didn't see anything.
Does it hurt?
Fine.
This is a little nuts.
What? That made her lose the baby?
Hey, <u>chill</u>, man--
Well, please keep me fucking informed!
Oh, who did then? Blair Witch? Snatching equipment to make her own sequel?
My ass--you saw those four fucking baboons put 'em there!
How'd you know they were--
<u>One</u> set. Everything from midnight on--
--yeah, the goddamn stoners! Who you think stole the stuff!?
So, I hear you're from New Mexico!
Beer and weed is what I've got.
You want a hand?
Anna's the witch.
--who?
--shhhh! #5, there's something up there!
--f'chrissake, Heather, it's not like the two of us are gonna doze off he leaves for two seconds--
No one ever comes here.
For "James?"
--hell, I don't think I'm ever leaving this place again--
I'd strongly advise you to join us--
Be it still alive, James?
--into the <u>Black</u> <u>Hills</u> with--200- something miles from here--
Yeah. Me too.
The moon trying to shoot down through all these trees--can make things funky--
--I don't know.
Next time try putting on shoes--
--things got a way of finding <u>you</u> here.
Not the place you want to announce your arrival.
Down there in the Park.
Heather, does that look like Domini there?
No idea--goddamitt!
Fucking owl!
--anywhere, anywhere, all up and live, all the time--fucking owl--
--I look and look in the tree, all I ever see, he's always there watching, that stupid owl, over and over--
She would've had to have a key, anyway, to lock the deadbolt behind her.
Don't have one.
My room, asleep, last I checked.
I got the tape enhanced--and I managed to sleaze a photo blow-up. Jesus, he's gonna kill me when he finds out about the camera.
Whatta you got, telescopic vision?
I spend a lot of time on e-Bay. Buying, selling--sometimes buying then re-selling at substantial mark-up, sometimes just selling crap I find in the street.
Hey, hon'--this is what pays the rent and tuition.
Mi casa y su casa!
Just go.
Get inside quick, they'll stop.
What?
Used to be a meat-packing plant. Slaughter on the ground floor-- carcasses schlepped up on this thing for dissection and grinding and--
Not a great idea. Especially 'cross the street.
Hey, I got a whole editing suite in my loft--more the fucking merrier.
--coming out of the water--
What're you doing with all this shit?
What're you, nuts?
Butt-ugly owl.
No sense at all.  I'm a little stressed.
No.
Yeah?
What?
Ask me what I don't have.
I've got the Panasonic Portable DVD player.
So where the hell am I going to sleep?
Hadn't even opened the thing since Cub scouts.
Why does everyone here but me have have a gigantic stick up their ass?
That's what Josh and Mike said.
I don't believe this.
From-the-movie-Mary-Brown, Trailer Park Bible Psycho?
Hey, Mr. Graduate Fucking Thesis here was s'posed to be driving!
--and unlike the first one, every second of it's gonna be true! "Blair Witch: The Real Story!"
And let it be known--before we even get to Burkittsville--it's gonna be an eighteen thousand times better movie--for half the cost--
--thank you, Heather Arendt--and arend't we glad you're here--a real witch--
Why was <u>she</u> exempted, Nick?
One of the printers.
--it's less than four feet, just--
Just let it go, I've got you!
Just hold on!
All the shit that was worth anything, yes. You'd be amazed, though, what you can get free on the 'net.
It's Domini, it's not Domini, I don't care--all I know is <u>I'm</u> not dealing with something--<u>anything</u>-- snuffing me in my sleep. I want to do what we did in the woods-- surveillance of this whole place 24/7, with somebody monitoring those cameras every second. There's something, somebody here, I want to see 'em coming.
Chrissake: why <u>any</u> of this?
Enough to keep sane.
No one's been in or out since you left. Would've heard the dogs.
Sorry, I didn't think we were making that much noise.
--whatever you want, no problem--
--oh, Jesus--
There's four other angles, man, we haven't even--
A Cyber Entrepreneurialship.
All I need--
First enormous brick warehouse on your right.
By day? No sweat.
403 41st Street, kids: home.
Spite.
--what happened to the goddamn "Witch-watch??"
--and none of 'em were mine! I-am-so-fucked, I-am-so-fucked-- where the hell was everybody???
Due for a re-load and battery check. I'll get on it.
<u>What</u>?
They're making "Blair Witch II," too.
Okay, but--
What?
Either way, maybe there's a book in it, and they both make a ton of money.
Was it <u>every</u> day or just semi- weekly you got your ass kicked as a kid?
Right. And the check's in the mail.
What're you doing?
Fine.
I'm not finished.
I am.
--a Wiccan--
--about the Witch--
--they're from UMass, doing some kind of fucking term paper--
This is her equally on-the-rag boy- friend, Nick Leavitt--
The wheel.
Hold this.
