He ended up moving back to Milwaukee to live with his parents. I haven't heard from him in a long time. Poor guy. I warned him.
I'm not talking about ethics.  I'm talking about morals.
That was just talk!  Fantasy talk! What are you, nuts?  We talk about girls all the time, but it doesn't mean anything. I would never. . . I mean, I take very seriously our strict moral code.  The line you've crossed is... it's illegal and it's immoral.
Dave, I'm just saying this as your friend.  What you're doing is really, really wrong, and you've got to stop.
But you haven't written your novel.
In love?
You did it at your house?  Your own house?
You could tell Dave was one of those guys who taught because they never wanted to leave high school in the first place, and that could get a little irritating sometimes, but basically he was a real good guy.
Don't tell me that.  I don't want to know that.
A few months before the election, she'd had an affair with my best friend Dave Novotny.
Well, Sherry's great.  But she can be a little much sometimes.
Yeah. No. I mean, you know.
Fine. You know. We just went to Crossroads.
Yeah, just --
Yeah, uh, just a minute
He likes it.
Around that time Diane and I were hanging out a lot at Sherry Novotny's house, giving her our love and support and helping her make it through a difficult time.
Everything's fine.  Just, you know, school.
Thank God for Diane.  She was my best friend, my source of love and strength. Oh sure, we'd had our share of bumpy times, but we'd always seen them through.  After nine years of marriage, we were closer than ever.  And the secret? Good communication.
Larry? We've got twenty-five minutes until the assembly, and we still have to do counts for VP, Treasurer and Secretary. Mr. Hendricks and I have both verified the numbers, and unless you can come up with the ballots you claim are missing -
It happens, Larry. People make mistakes.
He's right. Two people must have pocketed their ballots. Usually it's more.
Mostly Tammy fans
I think we've got a problem.
Larry?
Huh.  Okay.  Well, I guess I'd better do my count.
Larry, we're not electing the fucking Pope here. Just tell me who won.
You're kidding, right?
What d'you got?
All right.  I'll be back
I just want to get this over with, so we can have the assembly and go home. We don't have much time until eighth period.  I have other things going on, too, you know.
Fine.  So do your count.  Start with president, and I'll be right back.
What?  Right.  So let's start counting.
You will.
You'll be fine.
What a surprise.
Oh, is this...?  God. First one of these I haven't been in for a long time.
Swallows, unsure what heaven or hell awaits him.
What's this?
Well, I... I... that's very nice of you.
Coming to see me.  Are you trying to. . humiliate me?
Why are you doing this?
So Tracy?
And this model comes with ABS and dual air bags standard.
Plenty of pep, too.
Handles pretty good, don't you think?
Anywhere you want.  Just so long as we're not gone more than a half-hour.
So, are you looking for something sporty or more practical?
Good for you.  Good for you
Huh.  Right.  College.  Wow.  Where are you going?  Where 'd you get into?
Oh.  New cars.  I see.  Well, you came to the right place
So what brings you here?
Hello, Tracy.
That said, the whole point of an election is to choose winners, and that you have done.  We'll begin with president.
That's enough, Tracy.  Quit while you're ahead, okay?  I'll handle this.  Could you ask Walt to come in?
You're off the hook. Tammy here has confessed.
Looks like today's your lucky day
I agree.  But I also think certain young and naive people need to thank their lucky stars and be very, very grateful the whole school didn't find out about certain indiscretions which could have ruined their reputations, and chances to win certain elections.
This isn't the time or the place to get into it, but there is, for just one example, a certain former colleague of mine, who made a very big mistake, a life mistake.  I think the lesson there is that, old and young, we ail make mistakes, and we have to learn that our actions, all of them, can carry serious consequences.  You're very young, Tracy underage, in fact -- but maybe one day you'll understand.
You're a very intelligent girl, Tracy. You have many admirable qualities.  But someday maybe you'll learn that being smart and always being on top and doing whatever you need to do to get ahead, and yes, stepping on people to get there, well, there's a lot more to life than that.  And in the end, you're only cheating yourself.
Okay, Tracy, so who do you think did it?  Whom should we "interrogate?"
6:30.  How do you know what time the posters were torn down?
Were you or were you not working in the Watchdog office over the weekend?
A travesty.  Huh.  That's interesting, because I think you did it.
I guess you know why you're here
Look, why don't we just forget about Tammy?  We'll have the assembly tomorrow, everybody'll make their speeches, and I'm sure everything will be fine.
Looks like Tim Kobza.
As far as I know, they--
Calm down, Tracy.  Just calm down.
So like I was saying, things were going pretty well in my life.
Good luck, Tracy.
Sure
Yeah.  Okay.  well, good luck Tracy
Should be easy.  So far no competition.
You bet.
Okay, fine. Sure
NO, that's fine
Looks good to me.
Right
You can put those in my box.  I'll look at them tomorrow.
Hey, that's super
Oh.  There's one more thing about Tracy I think you should know.
Now at the end of her junior year, Tracy was poised to win the presidency of the student body.  And so far she was running unopposed.
Tracy.
Okay.  But we're still missing something key here.  What are we missing?
Well, good luck there, Tracy
Yes, I do.
Not wasting any time, are you, Tracy?
Oh yeah, you bet.
Nowhere.  I don't have class until second period.
Walt, we can't throw her out of the election just because we don't like her speech.  That's not what student government's about.
Thanks. Well. I'm going home now.
Walt will be speaking with you about this, but I need you to find someone to take over my classes. The lesson plans for the rest of the year are in my top right drawer.
Oh.  Okay.
Hmm?
Life would go on, and I would certainly be a stronger and wiser person from the experience.
I don't believe you.
Which door?
And how did you get in the school?
Exactly when?
And when did you do it?
Looks at her skeptically  doesn't say a word.
What is it. Tammy?
So... what do you have to tell me?
Possibly.  Please just wait outside.
Just wait outside. Tammy.
Me?  I took advantage of you?  You hugged me!  You kissed me!  You're the one who --
A mistake?  That was no mistake.
It's the only true thing I know anymore.
Sherry... I love you.
You're there.
Three twenty-five.
Right now?
We'll let it run awhile
Still clear?
No, I... uh, didn't know that
Shall we give it a name?
points at the motel.
So what do you think?  Should we get a room?
Oh, come on.  You've had a hard year, you're cooped up with the kid all the time.  Let go; live a little.
Okay.  Give me the drill.
Here?
Without Dave around. Sherry needed a lot of help around the house.
Sure.
After Dave got fired, Sherry kicked him out of the house and filed for divorce.
Don't worry about Tracy.  She'll be fine.
Paul... Paul.... We'll have plenty of time to get into all this later.  A whole year, in fact. Right now I just need to finish my pie and get home.
Oh, no.  No.  I'm just finishing up here, and I've got to get home.
Exactly.  So what do you say?  Maybe it's time to give a little something back.
Fine.  Let's say all you ever knew was apples.  Apples, apples and more apples. You might think apples were pretty good, even if you occasionally got a rotten one. Then one day there's an orange. And now you can make a decision. Do you want an apple, or do you want an orange? That's democracy.
Okay, let's say
takes a piece of chalk from the lip of the blackboard.
Paul, what's your favorite fruit?
Yeah.  But one person assured of victory kind of undermines the whole idea of a democracy, doesn't it? That's more like a... well, like a dictatorship, like we studied.
Yeah, no, she's a go-getter, all right.
Let me give you a clue.  You're a born leader.  You're one of the most popular students at Millard.  You're honest and straightforward.  You don't choke under pressure, as we all saw in that amazing fourth quarter against Westside.  The other kids look up to you.  What does that spell?
But you've got a big choice right now. You can choose to be depressed about it for the rest of your life. Or you can choose to see it for what it really is: an opportunity.  I personally think you have a big future ahead of you, and I don't mean the fleeting glory of sports.
I know.  I understand disappointment. I really do.
Paul, I know you've been pretty down since your accident.
