It was the first time somebody ever saw the real me, the me that nobody else knows.
Thank you.
What do you mean? What kind of person am I?
No, I'm not. I'm just really busy.
what?
One night he took us editors out to celebrate after a deadline. Eventually Dave and I were left alone and we got to talking - not like teacher and student, but like two adults.
I hope so
I'm scared, Mr. M. I kind of don't feel ready for college.
Take as much room as you want
Would you sign it for me?
I just have to get something. I'll be right back.
I want you to do something for me.
My house.
I've got an idea.
Nooo.  I just thought...  l mean, I am looking for a new car.  But I just thought, well, I'm going away soon, and you'll be stuck here and, I don't know, I just think maybe if things had been different we might have been, well, friends. Real friends.  And then things would be different.  Don't you think?
Doing what?
Yes?
That sounds good.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Where to?
Sporty.
Well, I got in everywhere I applied, but Cornell is my first choice.
My mother's buying me a new car for college.
I'm looking at new cars.
Hello, Mr. M.
Act surprised. Walk slowly to the podium.  Be modest.  Thank them for this incredible honor.
I told you!  I told you!  You're going to pay for my banner!
What do you mean?
Yes?
And I think certain older persons like you and your "colleague" shouldn't be leaching after their students, especially when some of them can't even get their own wives pregnant.  And they certainly shouldn't be running around making slanderous accusations. Especially when certain young, naive people's mothers are para-legal secretaries at the city's biggest law firm and have won many successful lawsuits. And if you want to keep questioning me like this, I won't continue without my attorney present.
I don't know what you're referring to, but I do know that if certain older and wiser people hadn't acted like such little babies and gotten all mushy, everything would be okay.
Why are you lecturing me?
well, I don't know.  It could have been anybody.  There are a lot of, you know, subversive elements around Millard.  You know, like Rick Thieson and Kevin Speck and those burn-outs.  Or Doug Schenken - what about him?  Or what about Tammy Metzier?  Her whole thing is being anti- this and anti-that.
I don't.  I just know they were there when I left.  I'm giving you helpful information is all.  You know, instead of wasting time interrogating me, we should be out there trying to find out who did this.
I was.  So?  Mr. Pecharda let me in. As you know, with all my responsibilities I often come in on the weekend and have permission to do so. But I left very early, around 6:30.
Mr. M., I am running on my qualifications.  I would never need to resort to, you know, to vandalism like a, you know... Plus, my own best banner was torn down.  Did I do that too?
Wait - are you accusing me? You're not serious.  I can't... Mr. McAllister, we have worked together on SGA for three solid years and... I mean, I can't believe it. I'm... I'm shocked!
If it's about the posters, I think it's so awful. It's a travesty.
Tim Kobza?  Tim Kobza!  Who's he? I've never heard of him!
These are a bunch of burn-outs. And look at this one, I can't even read this one.
Are you sure all her signatures are real?  It's not easy to get all those signatures.
You're the advisor.  You should stop her.  She's not qualified.  She's just a sophomore.
Fuck me, Mr. McAllister
Okay. That's good. I just wanted to make sure.
You know, Mr. M., when I win the presidency, that means you and I are going to be spending a lot of time together next year.  And I for one would like that time to be harmonious and productive. Wouldn't you?
Hell, you know, Coca-Cola's the world's number one soft drink, but they spend more money than anybody on advertising. I guess that's how come they stay number one.
I can't wait to start campaigning.
Thanks for everything.
I thought you were supposed to keep them.
Aren't you supposed to keep them?
Could you approve them now?  I'd like to kick off my campaign right away, you know, in the morning.
Here they are.
I got all my signatures.  One hundred and fifty-eight -- way more than I need!
...the rules of conduct determined by a culture at a...
Ethics are...
I know.
Thanks, Mr. M.
You know what they say about the early bird.
Good morning, Mr. McAllister.
Thanks.  You too.  It was great working with you.
Yes, Paul?
Can I sign yours too?
Paul, will you sign my yearbook?
Yeah.
Paul, I just want you to know that no matter how this turns out, you've run a wonderful campaign. It's been fun competing with you.
Good luck to you too, Paul.
Yeah.
Okay, Mr. Popular.  You're on.
So Mr. McAllister asked you to run.
Thought what?
You just woke up this morning and suddenly decided to run for president?
Who put you up to this?
Who put you up to this?
