Oh my god, oh my god...
How can you tell?
What happened? That needle sank like a rock.
What the hell are dreams, anyway?
Thank God.
It's just made her think... her dreams are real...
Since the murder. She was fine before that.
Please, Nancy. Trust us.
They're just simple tests, Nan. We'll both be right here.
I sure as hell hope so.
No, nothing.
They say you've bottomed out when you can't remember the night before.  No more drinking, Baby, suddenly I just don't feel like it any more.
Just wanted to protect you, Nan. Just wanted to protect you...
Guess I should'n'a done it.
I don't even have it on me, so forget it.
Proof he's declawed. As for him, we buried him good and deep.
Bunch of us parents tracked him down after they let him go. Found him in an old boiler room, just like before. Saw him lying there in that caked red and yellow sweater he always wore, drunk an' asleep with his weird knives by his side...
Oh lawyers got fat and the judge got famous, but someone forgot to sign the search warrant in the right place, and Fred Krueger was free, just like that.
Your father the cop. That's a good one.  Forget Fred Krueger. You don't want to know, believe me.
Dead and gone.
S'curity.
Nancy!
Put that damned thing down!
But that's just not reality, Nancy!
I threw that filthy thing away -- I don't know what you're trying to prove with it, but --
I don't think you're going crazy -- and stop drinking that damn coffee!
Okay... You need anything, just call.
You okay?
Nancy?
Take this, it'll help you sleep.
And no school tomorrow, either. You take a little vacation, relax and rest for a change.
No television, forget the homework, no phone calls.
To bed with you, c'mon.
You okay?
It happens all the time.  I've got some warm milk all ready for you. Why don't you jump into bed?  I'm gonna turn on your electric blanket, too. C'mon, now.
You're not falling asleep, are you? You could drown, you know.
Get into bed.
Nancy, don't fall asleep in there.
Right home after.
Did you sleep?
I could hear you tossing and turning all night, kiddo. You've no business going to school.
Where you think you're going?
Maybe you don't think murder's serious --
Apparently he was crazy jealous. Nancy said they'd had a fight, Rod and Tina.
