Sounds good - thank you
I thought someone was following me - I - er -  I just needed my computer and some things...Listen, I'd like to work from home for a few weeks - is that OK?
I thought you were someone else
I'm sorry - I didn't think
I heard something like that
That's not technically accurate - SIMPSONS murders weren't sexually motivated.
I've got a tenant coming over later - can I take the afternoon off?
The one on the left - definitely...
Yes - I have had it for years.
I'm terribly sorry - I have a bad memory...
Oh really - you must remember me from when I was a regular customer.
No - I've been abroad for a long time...
I know what you mean - I'll meet you at VINNIES WINE BAR at six if you like. And don't make any plans for this evening...
All the time?
Yes, I'm sure you could - but I can't risk you loosing your job
And it can't be forged?
So there is only one key...
Tell me BRIAN, what would happen if the client lost the key?
Its cramped in here isn't it BRIAN
But - If you could show me round now - and I'll meet you later?
That's very kind of you MR GRIFFITHS...?
When could I look round?
Yes - it's about bank safety deposit boxes - I wonder if you might just explain how they work - and maybe even show me round.
You see, I am writing this article for CHIC MAGAZINE
Don't you want me now LESLIE
It's what you would do to me
You killed my friend!
Nothing LESLIE - I just think we should wait...
I haven't been using it recently LESLIE
It's not that - I just don't want any sugar
I don't like sugar
Why did you let him in?
He doesn't need to...
No thanks -
LESLIE?  Is that good enough?
I am sorry...
LESLIE I'm sorry - I - I didn't know what to think
Where are you going?
But for how long - what will set you off again? You'll be walking down the street and some girl will be wearing a white hat - and that will be it - back on the merry go round...
You want me to wear white for you? You must be madder than I thought...
What is it?
What's wrong?
Nothing could be better...
Psychiatrists would say that you are confronting your demons
What?
Then make it stop...
What was your relationship with STEPHANIE?
Did STEPHANIE kill your MOTHER?
STEPHANIE?
Did you?
Tell me about your adopted MOTHER
Wonderful - like a great release - He was a malignant cancer and I had to remove him - the world is better without him
Why should I?
That's right...Don't ever think that you and I are the same - we're not even remotely similar. I did what I had to do for myself, for my own self preservation - not to live out some bizarre role playing fantasy. My husband was sick -
I don't think so...This isn't a game you know...There aren't points or leagues. Sure I killed my husband - but I am no killer.
What didn't you like about her?
then why did you marry her -
Tell me about your wife...
How long have you been watching me?
Do you feel sorry for the girls you have killed
Is white an expression of innocence? Do you crave innocence LESLIE?
Is 'their' colour an expression of their inner self? By that I mean, extroverts wear bright colours - so what are people who wear white?
OK, the press call you the WHITE ANGLE because you only kill girls wearing white - why white - white clothes, blonde hair...
The press think that the WHITE ANGEL is a woman - why is that? Do you dress up LESLIE?
What did you do with her?
Didn't DEBBIE deserve anymore?
I don't know
Where do you kill them...
You don't know?
And how many people have you killed?
And how long have you been a dentist?
So what do you do?
Sugar?
I think I will pass...
Don't worry - Is that my hammer  Well Just make sure that it's put back in the garage...
My names isn't ANGELA...
What's with all the locks - and hammering
What are you doing?
Do you take sugar?
I lost the touch
Sure...
I really don't know what to say
No he had to - he's just - he's out...
I had an accident - I fell down stairs...
I'm your landlady
I want you out now
Yes I can...
You heard me - keep away from him
I would prefer it if you kept away from LESLIE
Yes - but you live here too - If it were your house?
Well, what do you think?
At 2.00...
I think you had better leave
Get out...
At home alone - where were you?
You think I'm the WHITE ANGEL?
What brings the rats out of the sewers?
What's this all about?
