No - I'll have you after
I loved you ELLEN - why did you do this?
I don't want either of us to come to any harm - please...
WAIT FOR WHAT!?
whats wrong...what have I done wrong?
CRAP! - I wish I had taken a photo of your face when I gave some to that DETECTIVE - What's wrong ELLEN - you look pale - maybe you have been eating the wrong kind of foods lately - it could be food poisoning?
Why whats wrong with the sugar -
There isn't that much - you didn't even taste it - What's wrong - don't you like my tea?
What was I supposed to do?
First finish your tea...
ELLEN, would you like a cup - there's plenty in the pot
Yes - I suppose so...
I thought we had a relationship built on trust - and you just slap me in the face...
We've got nothing to talk about
Out - I may be some time
But ELLEN, I told you I have stopped...
Yes...
Open it...
I am ashamed of what I have done ELLEN. When I read what you had written it made me think - look into myself - I haven't dared look into myself for a long time - I have stopped ELLEN, I can't carry on - I won't carry on. All I want is to start a new life - I want a second chance...You are good to me - you don't condescend, you're intelligent, and very beautiful...
What's wrong?
Demons... This wouldn't have been possible without you... You have given me incentive ELLEN - I can see clearer now...
I know this sounds insane ELLEN, but... Telling you all of this, writing the book... It feels good. Don't get me wrong - I feel like a weight is being lifted from my shoulders... When I tell you what I have done - I can't believe it is me...Yet I know it was. This is like a purging for me...
I want it to stop - it all to stop...
It was wrong - all my life I have been cheated - cheated of anything good - I shouldn't have been born - I was a mistake - my natural mother was a whore - that makes me...
STEPHANIE loved me - she got some insurance money and took legal custody of me - she was just old enough. We had a ball for years - we could do anything, anywhere, anyhow...And we did...We would play games - she would be the executioner and I would be the convict - She would strap me into the arm chair and pretend to electrocute me...
My sister - My ADOPTED SISTER -
No...I didn't do it...I wish I had but I didn't. I was beaten to it. STEPHANIE became my mother.
You think I killed my MOTHER don't you?
My mother...?  I never knew my real MOTHER - I was adopted
And how did it feel to be rid of him
Why not? Please - it would help me
Tell me how it happened...
You've killed but you're not a killer
You are the first person I have ever told any of this to. We are birds of a feather ELLEN...we're in the same league
I hated being treated like a failure - looked down on - my sister used to do that - I hated it - I should have known, when we got married - in a registry office of course - she wore maroon - I just wanted a white wedding  I think she thought I was a ticket to the good life. I had a good job, prospects. And she was a slut - I didn't know until too late. One day, I came
It seemed like a good idea at the time - why did you marry your husband.
My wife  My wife was the only one who really deserved it.  LESLIE do this. LESLIE do that. LESLIE it's your fault... She used to tell me what to wear, where to go, what to do - she mothered me...
I have something I have to show you...
Why should I feel sorry - they're dead.
Let me ask you, why do you wear black ELLEN CARTER? What are you running from?
I don't know...
I don't know...
I don't want to talk about it -
You know everyone accuses me of being sick - the press, the TV - but I'm not you know - they are - I don't watch it for entertainment every night - I don't sit and watch it whilst eating my dinner - they all say, how could he cut her up? She was dead - I can't hurt something dead - And all this whilst they slobber down their processed beef burgers by the dozen - I couldn't eat one of those burgers, you don't know what has gone in them!
No she didn't...
Because a dog will attack with a ferocity and force that we poses, but centuries of social contamination has run it out of us - that is what sets us aside from the purity of the beasts...Society is rotting - men who once were strong and kept everything working are getting soft - women are making them soft - by the time a pretty girl has reached twenty - she has had three lifetimes worth of fun and attention- so she doesn't deserve any more -
my car  I stopped working from my car.  She could have stopped me you know - If she really wanted too. That is the difference between the confusion of humanity and the purity of the beast - If a dog attacked you - you could easily kill it without any damage to yourself - Why then do people get bitten by dogs - savaged? Why?
Oh anywhere - whenever I needed to - Do you know how easy it is to take them? You just pick up a hiker, or someone off the streets - they believe so easily you know, 'Look, I have something to show you' I would say - and that would be it. One girl, I think her name is Debbie - she had broken down on the motorway, and I offered to take her to a service station to call for a tow truck - She just got in and I drove away. When I pulled into the layby and took out my knife - she just froze, and said - what do you want? - I said, You know what I want. - But she didn't. Getting rid of the bodies is just as easy - the first I cut up, put in bags with bricks in, and tossed them off Eldridge Bridge in broad daylight.  The real problem with my work is the blood - there is so much of it - and it all spurts out so fast - like a fountain. It made such a mess of
No - the police say I've killed fourteen - but I've not - I've killed many more. It amazes me how they just haven't found the bodies. What is society coming to when people just don't get missed. I agree, some of them are well hidden - I probably couldn't even show you where I put them - one girl, number eight I think the press called it - she wasn't even mine - I don't know who did it but I didn't
I don't know
Oh, about six years since I graduated
I'm a dentist
Yes, one and a half please.
If you want any - there's some left in the kitchen
Yes - I'm sorry ELLEN...
It says in the contract I can have a lock fitted - is there a problem ANGELA?
I'm sorry?
Yes, two please. I'm sorry, I didn't mean to pry, it's just that I really loved your book
The touch?
Tell me - ELLEN CARTER  Forgive me for being so pushy, but aren't you a novelist? Didn't you write that terrific book - 'The Color of Fear'?
Oh - Tell me ELLEN, I can call you ELLEN?
It doesn't mention 'females only'
Yes - of course.
Yes, that would be nice - I'll call round some time...
That's good
Yes, come on in...
I thought it was you - how are you?
Oh...
And not just any novelist - a great novelist - it was an impressive piece of work ELLEN...
I'm sorry, I didn't mean to shout...
Just put it in my room
No - a dentist
I'm really very sorry - I was banking on this coming through, because it's only five minutes from my surgery...
Yes, sorry - He's here to make sure that you are alright
Sugar?
I shouldn't really - I'm not your surgeon...
I'll be sure to...
No - she isn't in any trouble is she?
Or was it, she wished he was dead - that's it - I believe he left the country with another woman - all rather sordid.
Yes...?
