Well, the way I look at it -  -  You want to know what I really think would be wonderful?
I do.  I do.  I mean, since you're running for Governor - and you want to be elected -  I think it's wonderful you're going to be elected.  Only -  -  Can I say something?
It's wonderful, Mr. Kane.  Wonderful. Wonderful.
Huh?  Oh, I forgot - you've been away so long I forgot about your joking -
So then, tonight, we go over everything thoroughly, eh?  Especially the new papers -
Sit down, everybody - for heaven's sake!
But please, Mr. Kane, don't buy any more paintings.  Nine Venuses already we got, twenty-six Virgins - two whole warehouses full of stuff -
Two hundred and one thousand, six hundred and forty-seven.
You know how long it took the "Chronicle" to get that staff together?  Twenty years.
Say, with them fellows -  - it's no trick to get circulation.
From the Chronicle Building that sign is the biggest thing you can see - every floor guaranteed - let's hope it bothers them - it cost us enough.
You don't wanta make any promises, Mr. Kane, you don't wanta keep.
I can't take shorthand, Mr. Kane -
Oh!
Mr. Leland, if Mr. Kane, he should decide to drop the price to one cent, or maybe even he should make up his mind to give the paper away with a half-pound of tea - you'll just hold him until I get back, won't you?
All right, but I'll keep these figures, too, just in case.
This is all figured at three cents a copy.
Three cents.
I ordered six already this morning! Got a discount!
I can't take shorthand.
I didn't see that.
That's all there is.
"Her singing, happily, is no concern of this department.  Of her acting, it is absolutely impossible to..."
"Miss Susan Alexander, a pretty but hopelessly incompetent amateur -  - last night opened the new Chicago Opera House in a performance of - of -"  I can't pronounce that name, Mr. Kane.
Hey, Brad!  Brad!  He ain't been drinking before, Mr. Kane. Never.  We would have heard.
Mr. Kane -
He sure did, Mr. Kane.
That's fine, Mr. Kane.
The food is marvelous in Cuba the senoritas are beautiful stop I could send you prose poems of palm trees and sunrises and tropical colors blending in far off landscapes but don't feel right in spending your money for this stop there's no war in Cuba regards Wheeler.
How are you, Mr. Thatcher?
Well, well - isn't that nice?
Enthusiastic?
And the social.  How about the music notice?  You got that in?
That's a long story.
That's right.  They called us the "Three Musketeers."
I might make him nervous.
Go in and ask him to hurry.
Just old age.  It's the only disease, Mr. Thompson, you don't look forward to being cured of.  You ought to see Mr. Leland.  There's a whole lot of things he could tell you - if he wanted to.
You don't say!  Why I had no idea -
Maybe that was something he lost. Mr. Kane was a man that lost - almost everything he had -  You ought to talk to Bradford Leland. He could tell you a lot.  I wish I could tell you where Leland is, but I don't know myself.  He may be out of town somewhere - he may be dead.
It ended -  Then there was Susie - that ended, too.  I guess he didn't make her very happy -  You know, I was thinking - that Rosebud you're trying to find out about -
The way things turned out, I don't need to tell you - Miss Emily Norton was no rosebud!
Oh, yes.  He saw to that.  I tell you, Mr. Thompson, he was a hard man to figure out.  He had that funny sense of humor.  And then, too, maybe he thought by finishing that piece he could show Leland he was an honest man. You see, Leland didn't think so.  I guess he showed him all right.  He's a nice fellow, but he's a dreamer.  They were always together in those early days when we just started the Enquirer.
He thought she was great, Mr. Thompson. He really believed that.  He put all his ambition on that girl.  After she came along, he never really cared for himself like he used to.  Oh, I don't blame Susie -
He finished it.  He wrote the worst notice I ever read about the girl he loved.  We ran it in every paper.
It's not trick to make an awful lot of money if all you want is to make a lot of money.  Thatcher!
Thatcher!  That man was the biggest darn fool I ever met -
Who else did you see?
Sure, sure.
Susie?  I called her myself the day after he died.  I thought maybe somebody ought to...  She couldn't even come to the 'phone.
Who else you been to see?
You're pretty young, Mr. -  Mr. Thompson.  A fellow will remember things you wouldn't think he'd remember. You take me.  One day, back in 1896, I was crossing over to Jersey on a ferry and as we pulled out, there was another ferry pulling in -  - and on it, there was a girl waiting to get off.  A white dress she had on - and she was carrying a white pastrol - and I only saw her for one second and she didn't see me at all - but I'll bet a month hasn't gone by since that I haven't thought of that girl.  See what I mean?  Well, so what are you doing about this "Rosebud," Mr. Thompson.
That Rosebud?  Maybe some girl?  There were a lot of them back in the early days, and -
From before the beginning, young fellow. And now it's after the end.  Anything you want to know about him - about the paper -
Who's a busy man?  Me?  I'm Chairman of the Board.  I got nothing but time ...  What do you want to know?
Mr. Kane is finishing your piece the way you started it.
Mr. Kane is finishing it.
Hello, Mr. Leland.
Not to me.  But you will let that cop go home with Mr. Kane, won't you?
If you hadn't come along and protected me when you did, I'd have killed them fellows.
I'm all right, Mr. Leland.  Only there was some fellows out front that thought they ought to take things up with me.  I learned 'em! Didn't I, officer?
Well, he'll be coming back in September. The Majestic.  I got the reservations. It gets in on the ninth.
If you thought I'd answer different from what Mr. Kane tells you - well, I wouldn't.
Yes.
Don't I always?  Most of the time?
Mr. Leland, why didn't you go to Europe with him?  He wanted you to.  He said to me just yesterday -
Do you, Mr. Leland?
Certainly not.  So what's that got to do with it?  Mr. Kane, he'll have them changed to his kind of newspapermen in a week.
Sure.  They're like anybody else. They got work to do.  They do it.  Only they happen to be the best men in the business.
What's the matter?
Isn't it wonderful?  Such a party!
Do you, Mr. Leland?
Sixty-two thousand -
You just made the paper over four times today, Mr. Kane.  That's all -
Wasted?
It's three hours and fifty minutes late - but we did it -
Who said anything about brooms?
