You don't have to show me anything, Mr. Rogers.  I believe you.
What story, Mr. Rogers?
I think I understand, Mr. Rogers, but I wonder if -
Let him finish, Charles.
Charles!  Your - your breaking this man's neck -  would scarcely explain this note -  Serious consequences for Mr. Kane -  for myself, and for my son.  What does this note mean, Miss -
How do you do?  I came here - and I made Mr. Kane come with me...  because I recieved this note -
If you're asking me to sympathize with him, Brad, you're wasting your time.  There's only one person I'm sorry for, as a matter of fact.  That - that shabby little girl.  I'm really sorry for her, Brad.
I know it is, Brad -
Brad, I'm -  I'm not an old woman yet -
Maybe I should have - the first time he showed me what a mad dog he really was.
There aren't any personal lives for people like us.  He made that very clear to me nine years ago - If I'd thought of my life with Charles as a personal life, I'd have left him then -
Why should anyone vote for him? He's made it quite clear to the people what he thinks of them. Children - to be told one thing one day, something else the next, as the whim seizes him.  And they're supposed to be grateful and love and adore him - because he sees to it that they get cheap ice and only pay a nickel in the street cars.
I'm surprised he got the votes he did.
I'm sorry I sent for you, Brad - I didn't -
Hello, Brad -
Charles, if you don't listen to reason, it may be too late -
You decided what you were going to do, Charles - some time ago.  You can't always have it your own way, regardless of anything else that may have happened.  Come on, Charles.
I don't think so.  Are you coming, Charles?
I'm not interested in the voters of this state right now.  I am interested in - well, Junior, for one thing.
Charles, this - this story - doesn't concern only you.  I'll be in it, too, won't I?  And Junior?
I don't see what else you can do, Charles.  If he's right - and the papers publish this story he has -
Oh!!
I'm going to -  - 185 West 74th Street.
I intend to find out.
It may not be about anything at all.
No, it can't.  Good night, darling.
There's a call I want you to make with me, Charles.
I'm sending Junior home in the car, Charles - with Oliver -
They won't hurt you, darling. Mother's with you!  Mother's looking after you!
Here I am, darling...  Darling!... Darling, it's all right...  Mother's here.
Have they heard from father yet? Has he seen -
Please don't talk any more, Charles.
Charles.
