Please, Mr. Bernstein.
You don't really think so?
We certainly do.  Vacation's over - starting right after dinner.  But right now - that lady over there -  - that's the new society editor, I take it?  You think I could interrupt her a moment, Mr. Bernstein?
Ask them to sit down, Mr. Bernstein.
I promise not to bring any more Venuses and not to worry - and not to try to get in touch with any of the papers -
Gentlemen of the "Enquirer"!  This has, I think, been a fitting welcome to those distinguished journalists -  Mr. Reilly in particular - who are the latest additions to our ranks. It will make them happy to learn that the "Enquirer's" circulation this morning passed the two hundred thousand mark.
I know.
You're right, Mr. Bernstein.
Look at that.
Let's hope they like it there.
These'll be kept.  I'll provide the people of this city with a daily paper that will tell all the news honestly.  I will also provide them -
I'll write it myself.
My Declaration of Principles -  Don't smile, Brad -  Take dictation, Mr. Bernstein -
It's a saying, Mr. Bernstein.  A new broom sweeps clean.
Ready for dinner, Brad?
Re-figure it, Mr. Bernstein, at two cents.
Two cents.
I've just made a shocking discovery. The "Enquirer" is without a telephone. Have two installed at once!
Get me a typewriter.  I'll finish the notice.
It isn't here, Mr. Bernstein.  I'm dictating it.
Of her acting, it is absolutely impossible to say anything except that it represents a new low...  Have you got that, Mr. Bernstein? In the opinion of this reviewer -
Go on!
Thais.
What does it say there?
That's all right, Mr. Bernstein.
Where is he?
I rather like it myself.  Send it right away.
That's all right.  We have no secrets from our readers.  Mr. Thatcher is one of our most devoted readers, Mr. Bernstein.  He knows what's wrong with every issue since I've taken charge. What's the cable?
Mr. Bernstein, Mr. Thatcher -
It is accepted, Mr. Carter, with assurances of my deepest regard.
That'll be all today, Mr. Carter. You've been most understanding. Good day, Mr. Carter!
That's the kind of thing we are going to be interested in from now on, Mr. Carter.  Right now, I wish you'd send your best man up to see Mr. Silverstone.  Have him tell Mr. Silverstone if he doesn't produce his wife at once, the "Enquirer" will have him arrested.  Have him tell Mr. Silverstone he's a detective from the Central Office. If Mr. Silverstone asks to see his badge, your man is to get indignant and call Mr. Silverstone an anarchist. Loudly, so that the neighbors can hear.
The "Chronicle" doesn't say she's murdered, Mr. Carter.  It says the neighbors are getting suspicious.
If the headline is big enough, it makes the new big enough.  The murder of Mrs. Harry Silverstone -
I'm still hungry, Brad.  Let's go to Rector's and get something decent.  The "Chronicle" has a two-column headline, Mr. Carter.  Why haven't we?
I'm not criticizing, Mr. Carter, but here's what I mean.  There's a front page story in the "Chronicle,"  and a picture - of a woman in Brooklyn who is missing.  Probably murdered.  A Mrs. Harry Silverstone.  Why didn't the "Enquirer" have that this morning?
That's one of the things I think must be changed, Mr. Carter.  The news goes on for twenty-four hours a day.
I'm going to live right here.  As long as I have to.
You've got a private office here, haven't you?
Mr. Carter, this is Mr. Bernstein. Mr. Bernstein is my general manager.
I don't my plans myself.
Ask them to sit down.
Are they standing for me?
Thank you, Mr Carter.  This is Mr. Leland.
He used to work fast - didn't he, Mr. Bernstein?
Has he said when he'll finish?
That's Leland, isn't it?
It isn't finished?
Is it good?
And the notice?
Was the show covered by every department?
We've got a nice plant here.
Of course.
There are no objections to my staying here with her, are there?
Thank you.  I can't imagine how Mrs. Kane came to make such a silly mistake.  The sedative Dr. Wagner gave her is in a somewhat larger bottle -  I suppose the strain of preparing for her trip has excited and confused her.
Too late for what?  Too late for you and this -  this public thief to take the love of the people of this state away from me?  Well, you won't do it, I tell you.  You won't do it!
Go on!  Get out!  I can fight this thing all alone!
There's only one person in the world to decide what I'm going to do - and that's me.  And if you think - if any of you think -
No.
Oh yes, there is.
I suppose so, but - I'm not afraid of the story.  You can't tell me that the voters of this state -
Oh, they'll publish it all right. But that's not going to stop me -
You don't think I'm going to let this blackmailer intimidate me, do you?
You're a cheap, crooked grafter - and your concern for your children and your mother -
I insist on being told exactly what you have in mind.
What's this all about, Emily?  I've had a very tiring day and -
It can wait.
But I'd arranged to go home with you myself.
Emily - you musn't leave me now - you can't do that to me.
I've tried to tell you, Emily. The President's going to be all right.  He had a comfortable night. There's no danger of any kind.
They won't do anything to Junior, darling.  Anonymous letter writers -   I've got guards in front of the house, and I'm going to arrange -
What do you expect me to do?  What in the world -
Susan, don't go!  Susan, please!
Don't go, Susan.
I won't let you go.
Don't you realize that everybody here is going to know about this? That you've packed your bags and ordered the car and -
No, you're not.
I'm not sorry.
Susan, it seems to me -
You're talking an incredible amount of nonsense, Susan.  Whatever I do -  I do - because I love you.
Susan!
Susan, I want you to stop this. And right now!
Susan, I really think -
As far as you're concerned, Susan, I've never wanted anything -  I don't want anything now - except what you want.
We can discuss all this some other time, Susan.  Right now -
You're my wife, Susan, and -
I've got more than a right as far as you're concerned, Susan.
You're in a tent, darling.  You're not at home.  And I can hear you very well if you just talk in a normal tone of voice.
I was referring to myself.  I thought we might have a picnic tomorrow - it might be a nice change after the Wild West party tonight.  Invite everybody to go to the Everglades -
You may be right -  I sometimes wonder - but you get into the habit -
You always said you wanted to live in a palace.
Yes.  The bulldog's just gone to press.
Half past eleven.
Half past eleven.
That's when you've got to fight them. That's when you've got to make them. That's -
Then you have no alibi at all. Please sing.
Don't tell me your toothache is bothering you again?
Yes, I would.  That's why I asked.
Would you sing for me?
Yes -
What happened to the singing? You're not in a show, are you?
Is that what you want to do?
That's a ripe old age -  What do you do?
I didn't think you did.  If you had, I wouldn't have asked you again, because I'd have remembered. How old?
How old did you say you were?
Who am I?  Well, let's see.  Charles Foster Kane was born in New Salem, Colorado in eighteen six -  I run a couple of newspapers.  How about you?
I was only joking!  This evening I was on my way to the Western Manhattan Warehouses - in search of my youth.
And I know too many people.  Obviously, we're both lonely.  Would you like to know where I was going tonight - when you ran into me and ruined my Sunday clothes?
But you like me, don't you?  Even though you don't know who I am?
You really don't know who I am?
You're getting farther away all the time.  It's a duck.
No.  But you're close.
I'll get these streets fixed, if it's the last thing I do.
Thanks.
Where's the towel?
I can't stay here all night chasing your pain away.
You're very easily amused.
Where's the soap?
I'm sorry.  They live here, too?
Thanks.
You're no Venus de Milo.
What's funny now?
If these sidewalks were kept in condition - instead of the money going to some cheap grafter -
Hmm!
What's the matter with you?
What are you waiting here for? Why don't you go?
Get out, both of you!
I know exactly what I'm doing.  Get out!
You can't blackmail me, Rogers, you can't -
Rogers, I don't think I will postpone doing something about you until I'm elected.  To start with, I'll break your neck.
Don't you worry about me.  I'm Charles Foster Kane.  I'm no cheap, crooked politician, trying to save himself from the consequences of his crimes -
Get out!  I've got nothing to talk to you about.  If you want to see me, have the Warden write me a letter.
You do anything you want to do. The people of this state can decide which one of us to trust.  If you want to know, they've already decided. The election Tuesday'll be only -
I'm going to be elected governor. And the first thing I'm going to do -
In case you don't know, Emily, this - this gentleman -  is -
I'm much obliged, Mr. President, for your concern about me.  However, I happen to be concerned at this moment with the matter of extensive oil lands belonging to the people of the United States, and I say that if this lease goes through, the property of the people of the United States goes into the hands of -
Thanks.
It's the only vein I know.  I tell the facts the way I see them.  And any man that knows that facts -
I'm not suggesting anything, Mr. President!  I've come here to tell you that, unless some action is taken promptly - and you are the only one who can take it - the oil that is the property of the people of this country will be turned over for a song to a gang of high-pressure crooks!
You can't.
If you're interested in what people say, Signor Matisti, I may be able to enlighten you a bit.  The newspapers, for instance.  I'm an authority on what the papers will say, Signor Matisti, because I own eight of them between here and San Francisco...  It's all right, dear. Signor Matisti is going to listen to reason.  Aren't you, maestro?
Your job isn't to give Mrs. Kane your opinion of her talents. You're supposed to train her voice. Nothing more.
You're right.  We did lose a million dollars last year.
On the other hand -  I am the publisher of the Enquirer. As such, it is my duty - I'll let you in on a little secret, it is also my pleasure - to see to it that decent, hard-working people of this city are not robbed blind by a group of money- mad pirates because, God help them, they have no one to look after their interests!  I'll let you in on another little secret, Mr. Thatcher.  I think I'm the man to do it.  You see, I have money and property -
As Charles Foster Kane, who has 			eighty- two thousand, six hundred and thirty-one shares of Metropolitan Transfer - you see, I do have a rough idea of my holdings - I sympathize with you.  Charles Foster Kane is a dangerous scoundrel, his paper should be run out of town and a committee should be formed to boycott him.  You may, if you can form such a committee, put me down for a contribution of one thousand dollars.
The trouble is, Mr. Thatcher, you don't realize you're talking to two people.
Mr. Thatcher, isn't everything I've been saying in the Enquirer about the traction trust absolutely true?
Won't you step into my office, Mr. Thatcher?
I think we'll have to send our friend Wheeler a cable, Mr. Bernstein.  Of course, we'll have to make it shorter than his, because he's working on an expense account and we're not.  Let me see -  Mike!
Can you prove it isn't?
I don't know how to run a newspaper, Mr. Thatcher.  I just try everything I can think of.
Where'm I going?
You goin', Mom?
I didn't used to be afraid of it.
He was dead...  That's a poem.  Do you know what it means?
Persia.  It belonged to a king.
Do you know what that is?
Not my wife - not either of them.
Mrs. Kane liked poetry -
Do you like poetry, Raymond?
Raymond -
Lock it - and keep it locked.
Close the door, Raymond.
Is Mrs. Kane -
All right.
Get Dr. Corey.
Hello, Brad.
Well, you've been getting a pretty low salary here in New York.  It seems to me that the new dramatic critic of our Chicago paper should get what he's worth.
You still want to be transferred to the other paper?
Hey, Brad!  I've been analyzed an awful lot tonight - let's have another brandy.
She can leave me.  As a matter of fact, I've already left her.  Don't worry, Brad - I'll live.
It's simpler than that, Brad.  A society girl can't stand the gaff, that's all.  Other things are important to her - social position, what they're saying on the front porches at Southampton, is it going to be embarrassing to meet somebody or the other at dinner -
Nothing - if she dosen't love me -
You're not going to like it in Chicago.  They wind comes howling in from the lake.  And there's practically no opera season at all - and the Lord only knows whether they've ever heard of Lobster Newburg -
Are you finished?
The personal note is all there is to it.  It's all there ever is to it.  It's all there every is to anything!  Stupidity in our government, complacency and self-satisfaction and unwillingness to believe that anything done by a certain class of people can be wrong - you can't fight those things impersonally. They're not impersonal crimes against people.  They're being done by actual persons - with actual names and positions and - the right of the American people to own their own country is not an academic issue, Brad, that you debate - and then the judges retire to return a verdict and the winners give a dinner for the losers.
Do you think the "Enquirer" shouldn't have campaigned against the oil leases?
Why is she leaving me?
Brad, you are drunk.
I don't think so, Brad.  We've just had word that the President is out of danger.  It seems I didn't kill him after all.
All right.
I'll tell you what I'll do, Brad - I'll get drunk, too - maybe that'll help.
Why, Brad?
That's just a little promotion scheme. Nobody expects you -  Mike, will you try and get Mr. Leland some coffee?
I'll get you some coffee.
What's wrong, Brad?
Go ahead.
I've got to think of Emily -
I don't have to.  I run a newspaper with half a million readers and they're getting a martyred president this morning with their breakfast. I can't help that.  Besides, they all know I'm married to his niece.  I've got to think of her.
What lesson?  Not to expose fraud when I see it?  Not to fight for the right of the people to own their own property?  Run it the way I said, Reilly - "This afternoon a great man was assassinated -"
Oil belonging to the people of the United States was leased out for a song to a gang of high-pressure crooks -  Nobody can blame me because -
They're true!  Everything I said! Witholding that veto was treason!
I said treason was a capital offense punishable by death -
Because the crackpot who did it had a copy of the "Enquirer" in his pocket?
What do you mean by that?
Why not?
Yes?
Take dictation -  Front page editorial -  "This afternoon a great man was assassinated.  He was the President of the United States -"
You're wrong.  It does make a difference to you -  Rector's, Brad?  Come to think of it, I don't blame you for not wanting to be a war correspondent.  You won't miss anything.  It isn't much of a war. Besides, they tell me there isn't a decent restaurant on the whole island.
Yes?
You start tomorrow night.  Richard Carl in "The Spring Chicken."  I'll get us some girls.  You get tickets.  A drama critic gets them free, you know.  Rector's at seven?
You don't want to be a war correspondent - how about being a dramatic critic?
I mean I've got a job for you.
Say, Brad.  I've got an idea.
And I do it because they do it, and they do it - it's a vicious circle, isn't it?  I'm going over to Georgie's, Brad - you know, Georgie, don't you?
How would the "Enquirer" look with no news about this non-existent war - with Benton, Pulitzer and Heart devoting twenty columns a day to it?
All right, Brad, all right - you don't have to be a war correspondent unless you want to - I'd want to.  Hello, Georgie.
It'll be our first foreign war in fifty years, Brad.  We'll cover it the way the "Hickville Gazette" covers the church social!  The names of everybody there; what they wore; what they ate; who won the prizes; who gave the prizes -  I tell you, Brad, I envy you.  By Bradford Leland, the "Enquirer's" Special Correspondent at the Front. I'm almost tempted -
Well, gentlemen, are we going to war?
It's a good idea for a newspaper.  Four hundred sixy thousand.
People are going to know who's responsible.  And they're going to get the news - the true news - quickly and simply and entertainingly.  And no special interests will be allowed to interfere with the truth of that news.
I've changed the front page a little, Mr. Bernstein.  That's not enough - There's something I've got to get into this paper besides pictures and print -  I've got to make the "New York Enquirer" as important to New York as the gas in that light.
A wasted day.
Tired?
What makes those fellows think that a newspaper is something rigid, something inflexible, that people are supposed to pay two cents for -
I think it's beginning to dawn on Mr. Rogers that I mean what I say. With Mr. Rogers out of the way, Reilly, I think we may really begin to hope for a good government in this state.  Well, Mr. Bernstein?
It does seem too good to be true, doesn't it, Mr. Bernstein?
Oh, yes, the bonus.
What check?
We'll withdraw support completely. Anything else?
What do you mean by that?
