Let's not start all over again, Charlie.  We've said everything that can be said.
Goodbye, Charlie.
You can't stop me.
- And left?  Of course they'll hear.  I'm not saying goodbye - except to you - but I never imagined that people wouldn't know.
Yes.
I'm going to leave you.
Don't tell me you're sorry.
You'll never have another chance to hit me again.  I never knew till this minute -
Love!  You don't love anybody!  Me or anybody else!  You want to be loved - that's all you want!  I'm Charles Foster Kane.  Whatever you want - just name it and it's yours! Only love me!  Don't expect me to love you -
Well, I'm not going to stop it.  I'm going to say exactly what I think.  You've never given me anything.  You've tried to buy me into giving you something.  You're -  - it's like you were bribing me!  That's what it's been from the first moment I met you.  No matter how much it cost you - your time, your money - that's what you've done with everybody you've ever known.  Tried to bribe them!
Oh, I don't mean the things you've given me - that don't mean anything to you.  What's the difference between giving me a bracelet or giving somebody else a hundred thousand dollars for a statue you're going to keep crated up and never look at?  It's only money.  It doesn't mean anything. You're not really giving anything that belongs to you, that you care about.
What you want me to want, you mean. What you've decided I ought to have - what you'd want if you were me. But you've never given me anything that -
I'll discuss what's on my mind when I want to.  You're not going to keep on running my life the way you want it.
I'm not just your wife, I'm a person all by myself - or I ought to be.  I was once.  Sometimes you get me to believing I never was.
Oh, I'm sick and tired of you telling me what I must and what I musn't do!
I'm not going to have my guests insulted, just because you think -  - if people want to bring a drink or two along on a picnic, that's their business.  You've got no right -
I mean it.  Oh, I know I always say I mean it, and then I don't - or you get me so I don't do what I say I'm going to - but -
Invite everybody!  Order everybody, you mean, and make them sleep in tents!  Who wants to sleep in tents when they have a nice room of their own - with their own bath, where they know where everything is?
It's not a habit.  I do it because I like it.
It makes a whole lot more sense than collecting Venuses.
Can't we go back, Charlie?
Hurray for the bulldog!  Half past eleven!  The shows have just let out.  People are going to night clubs and restaurants.  Of course, we're different.  We live in a palace - at the end of the world.
At night?
I mean in New York.
Charlie!  I said, what time is it?
I couldn't make you see how I felt, Charlie.  I just couldn't -  I couldn't go threw with singing again. You don't know what it means to feel - to know that people - that an audience don't want you.  That if you haven't got what they want - a real voice - they just don't care about you.  Even when they're polite - and they don't laugh or get restless or - you know... They don't want you.  They just 0
Oh, no, that's all gone.
Well, I -
Oh, you wouldn't want to hear me sing.
As a matter of fact, I do sing a little.
Oh, no!  Nothing like that.  Mother always thought - she used to talk about Grand Opera for me.  Imagine! An American girl, for one thing - and then my voice isn't really that kind anyway, it's just that Mother - you know what mothers are like.
I want to be a singer.  I mean, I didn't.  Mother did for me.
I work at Seligman's.
Pretty old.  I'll be twenty-two in August.
I didn't say.
Oh, me -
I didn't run into you and I bet they're not your Sunday clothes. You've probably got a lot of clothes.
You've been wonderful!  I can't tell you how glad I am you're here, I don't know many people and -
No.  That is, I bet it turns out I've heard your name a million times, only you know how it is -
Excuse me, Mr. Kane.  I know this takes a lot of nerve, but - who are you?  I mean - I'm pretty ignorant, I guess you caught on to that -
A rooster?
A chicken?
I've got a brush in the closet.  As soon as the mud on your trousers is all dry - you just brush it off.
On the chiffonier.  Here.
I know...  But you do look so silly.
Oh!
I always like to see the funny side of things.  No sense crying when you don't have to.  And you're so funny.  Looking at you, I forget all about my toothache.
In the water.
No.  They've passed on.
Hey, you should be more careful. That's my ma and pa.
If you want to come in and wash your face -  I can get you some hot water to get that dirt off your trousers -
Oh!
You are.  You look like you've been making mud pies.
You've got some on your face.
Toothache.
Ow!
Charlie, please don't -
Charlie, you're just excited.  You don't realize -
Charlie, he said, unless you withdrew your name -
I can't tell you the things he said, Charlie.  You haven't got any idea -
I know.  If you're smart, you'll talk to Raymond.  That's the butler. You can learn a lot from him.  He knows where the bodies are buried.
Don't you think I do?  You say you're going down to Xanadu?
They haven't been tough on me.  I just lost my money.  But when I compare these last ten years with the twenty I spent with him -
In case you've never heard of how I lost all my money - and it was plenty, believe me -
He wanted me to be comfortable - Oh, why should I bother?  You don't believe me, but it's true.  It just happens to be true.  He was really interested in my voice.  What are you smiling for?  What do you think he built that opera house for?  I didn't want it.  I didn't want to sing.  It was his idea - everything was his idea - except my leaving him.
He was in love with me.  But he never told me so until after it all came out in the papers about us - and he lost the election and that Norton woman divorced him.
I didn't get a thing.  Just the music lessons.  That's all there was to it.
What do you mean?
I did a lot of singing after that. I sang for Charlie -  I sang for teachers at a hundred bucks an hour - the teachers got that, I didn't -
I had a toothache.
You wouldn't want to hear a lot of what comes into my mind about myself and Mr. Charlie Kane.
How do you want to handle the whole thing - ask questions?
Get out of here!  Get out!  Get out!
Why don't you people let me alone? I'm minding my own business.  You mind yours.
Think again!
Who told you you could sit down here?
