Nothing particular the matter with him, they tell me.  Just -
In case you'd like to know, Mr. Bernstein, he's at the Huntington Memorial Hospital on 180th Street.
Yes -
It didn't end very well, did it?
Well, then, how could he write that roast?  The notices in the Kane papers were always very kind to her.
I guess Mr. Kane didn't think so well of Susie's art anyway.
He made an awful lot of money.
Nobody else, but I've been through that stuff of Walter Thatcher's. That journal of his -
I'm going back there.
You know why?  She was so -
Well, I went down to Atlantic City -
I'm calling on people who knew Mr. Kane. I'm calling on you.
Not some girl he knew casually and then remembered after fifty years, on his death bed -
-  We thought maybe, if we can find out what he meant by that last word - as he was dying -
Well, Mr. Bernstein, you were with Mr. Kane from the very beginning -
Sure, Mr. Leland.  I'll be glad to.
Sure.
That must have been love.
Yes.
Was he in love?
He knows the first Mrs. Kane socially -  That's the answer we got.
Rawlston is my boss.
It's a letter from her lawyers.
Maybe you could remember something that -
Sorry, Mr. Leland.
Mr. Leland, you were -
I'll get to it right away, Mr. Rawlston.
But don't you think if we release it now - he's only been dead four days - it might be better than if -
Yes, sir.
I know, but -
Yes, and maybe he didn't.
Oh, I don't know.  They'll clear all right.
Millions - if anybody wants it.
We're leaving tonight.  As soon as they're through photographing the stuff -
Well, thanks a lot.
Sentimental fellow, aren't you?
Queer?
Monday, with some of the boys from the office.  Mr. Rawlston wants the whole place photographed carefully - all that art stuff.  We run a picture magazine, you know -
I feel kind of sorry for him, all the same -
The last ten years have been tough on a lot of people.
What about that apartment?
He married you, didn't he?
What did you get?
How did you meet him?
I'd rather you just talked.  Anything that comes into your mind - about yourself and Mr. Kane.
If you'd just let me talk to you for a little while, Miss Alexander. All I want to ask you...
Oh!  I thought maybe we could have a drink together?
I'll come down in a week or so and see her again.  Say, you might be able to help me.  When she used to talk about Kane - did she ever happen to say anything - about Rosebud?
She's plastered, isn't she?
I'm not from a newspaper exactly, I -
I'll have a highball.
