Trevor things like this happen to people who experience temporary memory loss. Everybody does things they regret. You just couldn't remember doing these things and now you are so it's a shock to the system. I'm telling you. You will never get better if you keep blaming yourself for your wife's death.
Just get better okay?
No you don't understand. That's why I've been fighting to get you better. So you wouldn't be a patient anymore.
If it makes you feel better that took every ounce of self control I had. Trevor, I never date patients.
No. But at one point you did repeat something though. A phrase. You must have been having this recurring dream, you just kept saying this one thing over and over
No.
Trevor if someone is talking from a sleep state they are obviously dreaming. So practically everything say is going to sound strange.
Sure plenty of times.
Don't tell me. Kirsty used to smoke?
Oh I knew about the chairs already. This is where the emphysema patients come to sneak cigarettes.
You were unfaithful, it sounds like your confessing.
I understand, I think. Other women?
You just made that up.
Eighty third most common.
Second most common?
Okay Mr. Statistics I've got one for you. What's the most common cause of death for adults over the age of eighteen?
Okay so... what's the safest place?
Bull...
I'm stumped.
All finished.
I know, my bedside manner's horrendous.
Of course, yes.
You're one tough cookie, Trevor Gooding. You keep coming back to your corner for a quick fix up then go right back out into the ring for another round.
I'm all over it.
Well Trevor? What have you got to say for yourself? Que pasa?
Shh. Don't blame yourself Trevor. Please.
Well that's not necessarily a bad thing is it?
You need to get better first Trevor. Way better.  It's okay to miss somebody. It's okay to still love someone after they're gone. But you've got to quit blaming yourself okay...? Okay?
Easy there Trevor. You need to relax.
No wisdom, no insight, no plan.
That `poor me' attitude doesn't suit you Trevor. Listen, I don't mean to sound like Pollyanna but things could be worse. There's one good thing about coming so near to the end of ones life. Everything is new and exciting, like your seeing it for the first time. You might see things a litlle differently from now on.
Well? What do you say Trevor? Que pasa?
You came in for your EEG. You fell asleep and well, I took the liberty of...I'm sorry. You looked like a wreck Trevor.
Your wife...?
It's the morphine Trevor. You're on so much of it, you could be asleep and dreaming even with your eyes wide open.
Still hallucinating as well. Hmm...
