Fuckin, Zookerman --
Oh, man --
It's a roach, guy --
I gave them me.  Said some nice things about me, Rudy. I appreciate it. But don't worry. I do love her. And she loves me. You had that right all along.
They had the weapons and the willpower. We just gave them their inside man.
Hm. Well. They'd have killed you if you weren't me, Rudy. We knew you'd start convincing 'em soon enough.
Hell, you never needed to convince Ashley you were me. Just the dumb fucking truckers. I figured I'd talked enough about the Tomahawk in the pen for you to get by --
Do what?
Paid the Alamo ten bucks to put the shiv in me. He's a lifer, what does he care. Paid a hospital guard fifty to put out the story I was dead. Once the wound healed up...  Got out of the Mountain this morning. And tonight I'm a rich man.
Always wanted to rob that casino, Rudy. Way back when I worked there. What better way than to get some guys to rob it for me.
Why not have her pretend to find me? Pretend to write me and reel me in? Tell her new trucker-man she'd pose as some sister of his named Ashley?
Millie here used to serve drinks to these gunrunning truckers, real big talkers, talking bout a real score one day. I was in the Mountain, man, what the hell, why not let her get friendly with 'em? Let her tell 'em an idea she had, 'bout writing guys in prison. Getting one who could show 'em a sure thing.
...for Christmas...
...be with her...
Tell Ashley... I...
Tell her... I'll be there ...
Ash... Ashley...
Oh, fuck, Rudy... oh Jesus...
Jesus, Rudy --
Alamo...
Don't move, Rudy!
Rudy, don't move --
Just a roach, Zook.
Hotwiring cars, Rudy, does not qualify as a small business. Chop shop consultant; doesn't work on a resume.
No, I'm through with that shit. Ashley's right. Gotta start doing something I got a stake in. Get a business going.
So maybe after our week beneath the sheets, we'll head down to Motor City for New Year's. She says her roommate's skipping town for a few days, have the place to ourselves. Remember how her brother's a truck driver down there? I'm thinking he might be able to help get me some work.
Aw, Rudy.
Don't look like he missed the sunlight.
Thought you hate your old man.
Thought you hated Sidnaw.
Shoulda written, Rudy...
Shoulda written to that magazine, Rudy. I'm gonna walk outta here, walk right into a relationship. Not some one-nighter, man... a relationship. You? You're gonna walk outta here with bus fare. Searching for the drunkest skirt in the room.
No, I think that's just oranges. She writes here she's eating oranges.
Me and her got a connection.  Read this part. Read the part about stuffing her stocking.
Yeah. You grow up in Detroit, you get matured real quick.
Fuck your hot chocolate, Rudy.
Why you gotta. We were gonna give you a ride someplace, man. Now I just don't know.
Why you gotta say a thing like that.
Got us a motel out Highway 5, bringing her own damn sheets, you read that part? Silk damn sheets. Lock ourselves in the whole week, drinking wine, taking baths, man, see if they got those room service steaks... anything I want to do. Remember when she wrote that? Anything I want...
Gonna walk out of this shitstorm and right into her arms.
She's gonna be out there, man. Right there. Right there waiting.
And a slice of pecan pie, right?
What?
Fuckin' Christmas, man. Fuckin, Christmas on the outs.
Three days, man.
We walk outta here, we hit that road, what's the first thing you're gonna do.
Hell you haven't.
What's the first thing, man? What's the first thing you're gonna do?
