Have you found Dr. Bright?
Speak.
Mr. Sim, when you do locate him.  Do not scare him off again.  Just watch him.  I think you can handle that. Right, Mr. Sim?
Until he's done.
A light mixture of oxygen, dioxide, and sodium pentothal.  He'll sleep, that's all.
Do?  Well, I suppose that depends on you.
Susan, I sense you are having difficulty understanding the situation you are presently in.  I ask that you keep in mind that I am ready to reduce an entire city to gelatin to get what I want.
I look behind us, I look to the past, to a world steeped in rot and decay.  I think of the Acropolis in another century reduced to little more than dust.  I see the faces of Rushmore eventually losing all distinction, and then I look at this...
This is our world, Susan, and once you realize that, you will understand that the only place our path can end is on the throne of heaven.  Science is the quest for divine perfection.
Do you know what I see?  I see man making his own clouds.  I see man coloring his own sky, and like this garden it is a site that makes my heart sing.
I ask you what is the purpose of science?  What is the point of all our relentless exploration, investigation and experimentation? It is to understand a single physical phenomenon, or to understand them all?  To cure one disease, or to cure every disease? If science is simply a means, what then is the end?
I brought you up here, Dr. Bright, because I want you to understand that we are on the path.  The only difference is that you are walking with your head down, afraid to look up, to see where the path is going.
We will always love most that which we create.  Don't you agree, Susan?
You'll forgive me but all the excitement has left me extremely parched.  Poppy?
Something to drink, Dr. Bright?
Come with me, Susan.  I want to show you something.
To be brutally honest with you, Susan, as long as the nanobot does to me what it did to that idiot O'Brien, I don't give a rat's ass about what happens after that.
Dr. Bright, I don't have to do anything.
Mr. Sim I want you to return to Dr. Bright's.  I believe she is hiding something of ours there.
You don't have to give it to us because Dr. Nebbleman can just cut it out of him.
Not anymore, Mr. O'Brien.  The nanobot has changed that.
Wheelchair accessible.
You can't do this!  You owe me, O'Brien.  I made you plastic!  I made you!
Please, O'Brien, don't do this to me!  I'll give you anything you want!
You think you can use me to stop the meltdown.
I know what you're doing.
It remains to be seen who is the good guy and who is the bad guy. History is written by the victor.
As you can see I am a new man, just like you.
How apropos.
Maybe you should, but you can't.
The body is just another part of nature and ever since we gave up trees for central air, there has been nothing sacred about nature. Nature is the enemy, Mr. O'Brien, and science is our greatest weapon against her.
Poison?  I'm surprised at you.  You lack vision, Mr. O'Brien.
... plastic.
If you'd like, we can go straight to the authorities.  I understand they are very interested in talking to you.
Not that.
Did you feel that?
Poppy, this is not the time!
Poppy, please --
Considering what?
It will be an ascension.
This is what my entire life has been directed at, this moment, this threshold.
Can you feel it, Poppy?  The presence of the moment?  Can you feel the weight of its significance?
If you honestly trust me, then you'll have to trust me.
I promise, my dear, I will give the matter some consideration.
Poppy, please, just tell me what you want.
Yes.  Yes, of course it is.
Why are there two ottomans?
Poppy, are you in one of your moods again?
She must feel something for him. After all, she and I did create him.
Based on what we know of him, that would seem inevitable.
That remains to be seen.
Eventually.  These things are always a matter of leverage.
Dr. Nebbleman, I want to know the moment the nanobot arrives.  The instant, understand?
You're right.  Place a call to our friends at the network and to Mr. Joplin at the E.P.A.
Oh no.  No.  We'll get her assistant.  What's-his-name? Nebbishman?
Yes, that's true.  We have to find him, run tests, determine if the polymerization is stable.
But, Poppy, you don't know what this means --
It works, Poppy.  It works, it works!
Who cares!  We've got to find him! Hurry!
She let it escape because she wants me to die.
She's lying.  She lost the first one on purpose.
It's ready now, I know it is.
No.  I'm getting used to it.
Oh no?  Smell this.
Like rotting meat.
Donated to science.  Perfect.
It'll be better for us if he simply disappears.  The gardener will know what to do.
Excellent work, Dr. Nebbleman.  You have outdone yourself.
Shut up and do it!
In the meantime, why don't you find something useful for Dr. Bright to do.
Excellent.  How long until the assembler tank is complete?
The trunk.
Dr. Nebbleman, take care of them.
Look, John, nobody wants to find out what happens.  That's why you're here.  We need your help on this one and that's why that suitcase is here.
Poppy, order the trucks from the Gary plant.  And we're going to need a containment crew.
Then perhaps we can use liquid nitrogen to keep the meltdown under control.
Facts, Dr. Nebbleman.  Facts. You've been using cryogenics to control the waste from the mouse experiment, haven't you?
The fact is, that the milk has been spilled and now we need you to tell us how to clean it up.
The nanobot is gone.
