Wait, wait, can I at least have his body?
Thank you, sir.
Of course you understand, Dr. Argon, that once the nanobot is inside of you, there is no going back --
Dr. Makeo is working on it now, sir. I estimate at least another six hours.
They're here!  They're here!  We have the nanobot.
Where did he go?
She could have given him something to stimulate his kidneys.
Well, at this time, I mean that is to say, it is difficult to project --
That might work.
Well, yes.  The replicators are not as active at low temperatures.
Cleaned up?  It can't be cleaned up! Without the nanobot the waste can't be stabilized!  That's what we've been trying to tell you!  The only thing we can do is run!  Run!  Run!
Okay.  Alright.  Okey-dokey.  Now, we need the nanobot.  The nanobot that initiated the reaction.  Once we have that we can stabilize the meltdown.  Simple really.  No problem.
I think that either you're going to give them to him or he's going to make you give them to him.
I'm a scientist.  I have lived my whole life by the diagnostic application of fact and the fact is, Argon is going to get whatever he wants, so if I were you, I'd give it to him.
Who isn't?
Of course he is, but at least there isn't a security guard outside my door.
No!  Well, not those exact words.
Because I am a new man, Susan.  I am a man of vision.  Your problem, Susan, is that you're always looking down.  If you'd just look up you'd see the big picture and in the big picture men of vision do not dwell on what might be lost.  They focus on what can be gained.
Dr. Argon would say we are all prisoners.
Susan, Dr. Argon is giving you an opportunity here.
Of course, sir.
You're looking for a urine sample.
What are you going to do?
I bet he hasn't read a single report we've written on the waste problem.
Worse.  Mrs. Argon wants to talk to you.  She's waiting in the lab.
Well, you got another problem.
What did security say?
That's the guy?
Yeah, somebody broke in and stole the samples, one of those animal rights groups, right?  I remember now, they freed all the monkeys which caused that huge pileup on the Massachusetts Turnpike, right?
That's right.  C.D.C. found out and closed them down...
Oh yeah.  They were working on molecular assemblers, too, weren't they?
What did he want?
A man?
Aaabout...?
Susan!
He's probably right, sir, the building is probably going to collapse under its own weight.
Sir, please try to hold still.
Yes.  That's it.  He's got it.  Oh God, he's got it!
Smell?  Uh, something like methylcyanoacrylate.
I've only been invited to her house once, but I know there is a basement lab that she uses for private research.
Mr. Sim, watch out!  O'Brien escaped and could be on his way!
Yes?
