That's right.  And making me was the biggest mistake you ever made!
Yeah, I'm going to finish what you started --
You mean besides kicking your ass?!
The only history I'm gonna write is your obituary!
Oh no.  You're not like me.  In fact, I'm betting you're the same greedy, remorseless, egomaniacal bad guy you always were.
Ain't it.
I should kill you right now for what you did to me!
You egomaniacs make me laugh. Nature's going to bury you like she buries everyone else.
You're lacking a few things too: ethics, morals, common decency and, oh yeah, deodorant.
Wow, that is one moving story.  Take it easy on my heart strings.  Now I really feel guilty complaining about you shooting me up with your poison.
I can explain it.  Attempted murder wasn't enough for him.  He wants to add kidnapping to the charges.
Here, kid, this is great stuff.  Why don't you give it a try?
You have no idea what this is doing to your body.
You don't want this.
I'll do whatever I have to do.
Oh no, no, no.  No can do.  You enjoyed a tasty beverage and thus this receptacle becomes your responsibility and I don't care if it's a Styrofoam cup or the Exxon Valdez!  You've got to learn to take responsibility!
I just want to know what goes on in the mind of a litterbug.  What chemical is secreted by your smooth brain that tells you, 'It's okay, just chuck it'?
What is it with you litterbugs?  Is it a territorial thing, marking your turf with your garbage?
Why don't you just put this in your pocket so when you see a garbage can you can put it where it belongs.
So what?  So what?  For starters, how about littering is a crime.
I guess they do.
We were different people then.
I remember I was trying to help...
I have to!
We don't have time to argue, Susan.
What would happen if I threw him into the core?
That means the nanobot is still inside him.
You mean he's polymerized, like me?
We've got to get the nanobot.
What in the...?
Susie... I...
You saved my life.
I'm not leaving without you, Susan!
Let's go.
Where is it?
What could happen?  I'm the plastic man, remember?
You didn't think I could just leave you?
I can't go back to jail.  I gotta get out of here.
The head shrinker at the prison.
On the counter.
You made this out of my hair?
That's going to fit me?
What's that?
Getting used to it.
No cheese.
I could go with you.
What did you want my hair for?
I don't know.
It's still inside me?
What's wrong?
Uh oh.  I remember that temper.
Do you have something to bring me down?
I feel very emotional right now.  A bit out of control.
I want you to know that I really appreciate you helping me.
Yeah.  Old times.
And I don't see you sunbathing at Chernobyl!
But lo and behold he found another world that progress could annihilate!
I don't consider uncontrollable toxic waste progress!
This is what I deserve for trying to protect the world from a madman and his mercenary physicists?
Blame the victim.
Just giving credit where credit is due.
Means?  Oh no.  We won't know what it means until the end of the story and maybe then it won't seem quite as funny to you, Doctor Frankenstein!
Oh yeah, real funny.  Yuk-yuk. Let's laugh at everything a man believes in.
Just look at it!
Look at this!
Susan!
No, no, I just feel wired!
No, why?
You're the doctor.
Isn't it already too late then?
So right now there's little replicators spreading throughout Argon's lab?
What do these replicators do to people?
That was an egg?
What happens?
The waste.
Got it.
That was 'simple'?
What waste?
Why do we need it?
Pills... you know how I feel about pills.
Why?
What are these?
We don't?
I'm a plastic man!  A plastic man!
Oh God, please!  This can't be happening!  I can't be plastic!  A plastic man?!
Oh no, no, no!  You've got to be able to fix me!  Please, Susan, tell me you can make me normal again!
Then you must have at some point tried to reverse the procedure.
But you've polymerized single-celled bacteria and the fruit flies, I know you have.
You don't know?
What happened to it?
Mouse?  What mouse?
They did it to me!
No, something is really wrong... look!
Please, Susan!  I need help! Something is wrong with me!
Susie!  You gotta help me!
Susan, this is the future of America here.
Am I?  Look!  Right there!  That's exactly what I am talking about.
You think it's a coincidence that they have all these aisles lined up like this, like a little maze! We're all lab rats running through their maze, pulling lever A or lever B, each designed to create some kind of bio-chemical dependency.  All the while they're everywhere, watching us, two-way mirrors, surveillance cameras, nodding to each other, making little notes.
I can't help it, Suze.  It's this place.  You know how I get in these stores.  They freak me out.  All these tiny boxes, little cans filled with eight syllable God knows what.
All I'm saying is that the companies that have money for the kind of research you're interested in, have money because that's what they're interested in!  Money!
You think the chemists that invented Agent Orange twenty years ago were in school saying, 'Boy, I really got some good ideas for a highly toxic incendiary defoliant.'  You think Oppenheimer was dreaming about mushroom clouds before the war?
We'll see how wonderful it is after you spend the next twenty years making Agent Orange.
Yeah, we'll see.
That's what I thought.
Sure.  Can I ask you one more thing? You haven't published anything in a while.  How come?
Yeah.
Do you ever wonder what happened to us, Susie?
Right.  You predicted it.
I've read they're using it to repair cancer cells.
I remember you said, nanotechnology was going to change the world.
I've been thinking about you a lot all these years, locked up in my cell.  I'd tear through every issue of the Midwest Science Journal looking for your latest findings, watching as you slowly worked your polymerization experiments up through single celled organisms to that holiest of holies, the fruit fly.  Exciting stuff.  I got to tell you, it really kept me going.
A cage by any other name would still smell like sweaty ugly men.
The big house.
Oh yeah.  See, Susie, a man doesn't do the hard time and just pick up where he left off.  Oh no.  The big house does things to a man.
Oh no.  Not by a long shot.  I may look like the old Daniel O'Brien, but on the inside, nothing is the same.
Somebody has to.
You know, this and that.
Been out for six months now.
What?  No kiss?  Not even for old times sake?
The question is, are you?
All the different ways that I could kill you.
An ass-beating.  Would you like yours first, Mr. Sim?
Yeah, I have something I've been meaning to give you.
This is wonderfully accommodating of you all.  Now I won't have to come looking for you.
Forget it, pissboy!  You tell Argon he can call my lawyer.
I get it.  You're the goon fetch boy.  The zookeeper Argon calls in when one of his guinea pigs gets loose.
What?  I'm not going anywhere!
You!  I remember you!
