What did you use?
What are you going to do to him?
I swear to you, Argon, if you don't stop the meltdown that nanobot will be the last one I ever build.
How do you know we're not heading in the wrong direction?
Pollution?
I suppose you are going to tell me where it is going.
Does that mean Oppenheimer loved the atomic bomb?
No, thank you.
You can't mean that.
But in another twenty-four hours the core meltdown will be beyond the stabilization period.  There will be no way to stop it.
No.
If you think I would ever give you the nanobot after this, you are deluding yourself.
Dr. Argon, I demand an explanation.
Make me?  How?  You think he's going to torture me?
You mean the designs for the nanobot?  You think after this I'm going to give them to him?
You're afraid of him.
Nigel, can't you see he's using you?
Is that what Argon told you?
Argon is a lunatic!  I can't believe I was stupid enough to believe I could control him.  You heard what he said, Nigel.  He doesn't care if all of Calumet City is turned to Jell-O.  How can that not affect you?
There's a guard outside my door! I'm a prisoner, Nigel!  Do you understand that?
Opportunity?
I don't believe this is happening...
Dr. Argon, I know you want to use the nanobot on yourself, but you mustn't.  The situation is critical right now.  The replicators are growing exponentially.  If we wait much longer it will be too late. You have to use the nanobot to stop the meltdown.
You were never invited to my house.
What I've always done.  As long as I'm the only one who can build the nanobot, I'm the only one who can say when it should be tested.
I hope you're right.  I'd feel a lot worse if he had read them and just didn't care.
This day just keeps going from bad to worse.
The replicators?
They'll in validate the key. Probably nothing.
Yeah.  But it wasn't a group.  It was one man.
They also tried using viral R.N.A. as the bonding element.
Do you remember about five years ago, that uh... incident at Purnell Labs?
I'm not sure.  That's the funny thing about him.  He's the kind of guy that you never know what he wants or what he might do to get it.
Yeah.  I knew him when I was still in school.
This morning.  I saw someone I haven't seen in a long time.
What?  Oh, I'm sorry, Nigel.  I was just thinking...
Things do change.
Do you suppose that was our problem? We met before our time?  I think that happens a lot.  People, events, planets all just circling each other waiting for that moment when everything clicks into place.
God, what a fight that was.
God, when we were in that store all I could think about was that one time, when we were in school, and you attacked that little kid who wanted some cereal.  Do you remember that?
Do the words 'hero fantasies' mean anything to you?  How about 'infantile dementia'?
You're not going after Argon!
Daniel, just forget Argon.  Let's get out of here.  We'll find another way to stop the waste.
The same thing I suppose.
Yes.
It's too late.  Argon injected it.
Oh shit, the meltdown.  It's spread to the tower.
You don't have to say anything, Daniel.  I'm a scientist.  I know what's happening.  I recognize the classic symptoms.  Dizziness, shortness of breath, sweating palms... I can feel my adrenals secreting, my parasympathetic nervous system quivering, the estradiol coursing through my entire body...
Did you think I could just leave you...?
Run, Daniel!  Get out of here!
Argon's private lab.
Oh no!  Argon!  We have to stop him before he uses the nanobot!  We have to get the nanobot!
I didn't know what was going to happen.  I was just so worried something was going to happen to you.
I don't believe it.  You're here! Oh thank God.
You're not going back to jail.  All we need to do is find the nanobot. Once the meltdown is under control, then we deal with Argon --
Oh no.  They're trying to blame you for the accident.  That means they must not have been able to control the replicators.
Who is he?
Did you go?
Sort of.  We used a process similar to the vulcanization of rubber and added bulk with a chain of chloroprene elastomers.
Like a glove.
It's a crime fighting costume, what do you think?  It's underwear, so if you lose your clothes you'll still be decent.
That's pretty good.
I was hoping you were over that. Remember to keep drinking fluids.
I think it would be better for me to go alone.  I'm sure Sim is looking for you.  Just sit tight.  I'll bring you back a pizza.
Something else I want to try.
I'm going to go out for a while.  I want to take the blood samples to a lab that has the equipment I need.
How far can you stretch?
The nanobot... it's not here...
Daniel, I didn't hear you come down...
No problem.
Probably the caffeine.
I'm glad you came to me for help.
Just like old times.
Come on, I don't see you living in a cave!
And I'm sure you thought Columbus was going to sail off the edge of the world!
You're not protecting the world, you're obstructing progress!
Victim my ass!  You stole my security key and used it to break into my lab to do who knows what kind of damage!  Maybe this is the end of the story and you finally got what you deserved!
You have no one to blame but yourself.
What's that supposed to mean?
I'm sorry, Daniel, but you have to admit it's pretty ironic that you of all people would be the first man ever polymerized.  It's got to mean something.
The polymerization probably synthesized into a kind of methyl- cyanoacrylate.  So what's wrong?
What about it!
What?  What's wrong?
Is something wrong?
Lungs sound fine.  You didn't have any pre-existing physical conditions, did you?  Allergies? Infections?
I think while we're waiting, we had better run some basic diagnostics on you.
That's right.
With enough exposure, the same thing they do to everything else.
Three days ago it was.
The replicators start off like assemblers, but the replicators never stabilize.
The problem is the by-product created by the process.
The nanobot combined your molecules with the plastic molecules in the white assembler fluid, so that on a molecular level you now have more in common with a Good Year tire than a human being.
To put is simply, the nanobot inside you is a microscopic machine encoded with information like a strand of messenger R.N.A. that is programmed to synthesize your molecules with the polyisoprenes of the assembler fluid, rebuilding your entire organic system on a molecular level.
The nanobot is the only thing that can stabilize the waste.
If you don't want to do it this way, I can remove it surgically.
The nanobot is still inside you. It's programmed to exit through the urinary tract.  We need it as soon as possible, so swallow those.
Mostly caffeine diuretics.  Help you go to the bathroom.
What has happened to you is nothing compared to what is going to happen to Calumet City if we don't hurry.
We don't have time for hysterics.
Daniel!
Once the subject was polymerized we were unable to reassemble the original organic structure.
Yes.
It escaped from the lab before we could finish the experiment.
I don't know.
My first organic-polymerization was a lab mouse.
... just like the mouse.
The nanobot.
Sorry, Daniel, I'm a physicist, not a psychiatrist.
Daniel, what are you doing here?
Daniel, give him the Trix.
You're insane.
I'm sorry I brought the whole thing up!  If you're gonna flip your wig --
We've had this conversation already, Daniel.
God, Daniel, I'm not going to make Agent Orange.
We'll see?  What does that mean?
And what I love about molecular science is the way it revolutionizes how we have to think.  It unifies the entire world on a single level. Everything is completely connected. Sometimes I can really feel it, everything around us, just a small part of a whole.  It's really wonderful.
Nothing really worthwhile.
Well, it was good to see you, Daniel, but I have to be going.
It was a long time ago, Daniel.  We were young, different people, heading in different directions. That's all.
And for cleaning up oil spills.
It already is.
I guess I should be flattered.
Jesus, Daniel.  It wasn't Ryker's Island.  It was work camp for white collar criminals.
The big house?
Is that so?
Same old Daniel.
Really?  What have you been doing?
When did you...?
Daniel...
Okay, Barbie, let's get this over with.
Get him, Daniel!  Knock his block off!
You won't.  That's why you're whispering.
Just one question.  Since Dr. Argon no longer has feeling below his waist, how is it that you're still able to do your job?
Look, as I have said and will continue to say, the instability of the assembler waste remains my priority --
Under the circumstances, I can't fathom what makes Dr. Argon think we are ready for anything bigger.  If C.N.N., or hell, if the E.P.A. knew what was in my basement --
I am aware of Dr. Argon's frustrations.
Can I help you, Mrs. Argon?
What in the hell?
Yes, he might be.
Yes, that is what I was thinking.
It might be paranoia, but I've never lost my keycard before.
