So they can patch me up and put me in a cage?  Forget it. Meyerling's right -- I'm a dinosaur.  Greedy bastards like him, it's their turn with this land.  Put me in the woods, let me live or die on my own.
Relax.  I got a nervous man here with a magnum up my nose.
Remember that demon in the gut? Sometimes it's nothing more than wondering if the so-called civilized life has bred the balls and brains out of you.  That's what you want out of this, isn't it?
What makes you so sure my boys won't be waiting for us?
First you save my ass, now you want to kill me.  Make up your goddamn mind.
Used to see the natives eating roots when I was a kid in Nome.
Inside of three hours you'd be dragging my dead carcass.
You talk about ecology -- there it is.
Wait 'til I'm across!
See the blood?  Pack of wolves took down a moose.  Greedy, gut-ripping sons of bitches.  I'd kill the last wolf on earth, right in front of the President of the U.S.  Stinking, cowardly predator, the wolf.
Mind if I get some stuff from my kit?
Now, why don't you get around to saying what you want.
Hard to work up an interest in politics, way we live.  You're the first people we've seen in two weeks.
Needs patching.
You can pack out of here -- two, three days' hike along this river at most.  Weather should hold this early in the season.
Wasn't my intention to hurt Wilder.  I'm telling you the truth.  I liked the man.  I only meant to get loose... to survive. Your cheechako boyfriend better understand that.  Listen, I've got some money put away --
You should know something.
What about you -- why come back? Classy girl like you seems more suited to the finer things.
I was gone, in September, laying traplines.  She went to our cache for some meat.  Got mauled by a bear.  Tore open her skull. -more-
Had some good years.  Met her in '66.  She showed up one day in Coldfoot.  No one knew her.  One Sunday morning, she marched into a bar and announced she was available as a wife to the highest bidder.  Didn't work out in three months, she'd return the money and leave, no hard feelings.  My bid was eight thousand dollars.  Beautiful girl.
She's dead.
Knew you had no native blood, even with your dark hair.  Blue eyes give you away.  My wife had blue eyes.
Can't be.  Too keen a sense of this place in your pictures.
How long have you been up north?
Leave my traps.  We'll tag up, couple days.
Go ahead.  Take the jeep.  I'll come to Cache with Bob when he gets here.
Had no choice...  ...Given the situation.
Relax.  I just want to ask them how the hunting is.
Leave it here.
Look down there, tell me what any of this matters.  Struggles of men get swallowed by the bigness. Soon there won't be a trace of our troubles... or us.
Like I said, I'd still be up on that mountain, frozen solid, it wasn't for you.
Wound's a through-and-through. Missed my liver, I think.
The time has passed for men like them and me.  I know it.  But they're still fighting for survival, like cornered animals. That's why they'll kill you. -more-
Snow's to their advantage, kid. You can't see them, but soon as that plane comes, they'll sure as hell know where we're going. Wise up.  Take me to the Yukon. I'll give you that money and guarantee you'll walk away.
You kill me, you sign your death warrant.  And hers.
nan
Maybe you can talk sense into your boyfriend.
Lets us watch each other's backs over a wide area.  Only thing messed me up this time was getting arrested in the baths. ELT was in my duffel bag, not around my neck where it should've been.
You're damn lucky, glimpsing this country before it's ruined, gone for good.  You saw wonders you'd only dreamed of.  That alone makes you different than the sorry bastards back where you came from, because you have dreamt them.
You were real resourceful out there.  Got me thinking of this perimeter man, froze all his fingers one winter.  So he hacked the tips off and sharpened the exposed bones.  Gets along better than ever.  Yeah, maybe I underestimated you.
I'm sure she's fine.  Seemed like a clever kid.
Talk to that good-looking girl of yours?
Hell, I still get a knot in my gut every season, wondering how much longer I can go on.  No 'Home for Retired Trappers' that -more-
You don't know how true that is.
Don't bet on it.
Cowardly bastard.  I'm in handcuffs and I still scare the piss out of you.
I'm real sad you don't approve of me.
All you do is keep folks from working the land, living like they're meant to.  You don't understand shit!  Trappers, hunters -- we're part of the environment.  Who's protecting us?  I've seen plenty like you.  So -more-
Don't judge me.  You're a joke, coming here from a fucked-up culture, telling us what to do!
You got a knack for seeing things the way you want to see them.
Told that's what our old man was. Planned on going to sea, me and Bob, 'til I read Jack London. Started trapping when I was ten. Mailed the furs to Sears.  Eight bucks for a skunk, three for a muskrat.  That was fine money.
Hate to disappoint you.
I'm hungry.  Go kill me some dinner.
Too bad.  We'd be out of here in a few hours.
You got one?
Where's my ELT?
It's a spring day...
What?!  Fuck off.  Save yourself.
Told you I'm fine!
If that means freeze my balls off, no thanks.  I'll be okay.
Have to get these wet things off.
There's a snowmobile. Inside a day we could be on the Yukon.  I got money there.  Remember that five thousand?  Make it ten.  Be smart.  Take it and walk away.
There's a cabin, maybe twenty miles south of here.
Yep.  Sometimes they do, but usually they end up crazy or dead.
Folks come to Alaska for a real short list of reasons:  Money. Adventure.  Solitude.  Those cover most everyone.  But frontiers also draw another type of man.  One with a demon in his gut.  He comes to the edge of the world to face that demon, and lay it to rest.
You want to fool yourself about that bullshit job, fine.  Damn shame you have to drag your girlfriend along.  You think a woman like that will be happy making moose stew for a man -more-
Sure love to know where you fit in up here.
Sure.  The People's Friend.  Kiss your ass with precision if there's a vote in it.
Where in hell Meyerling dig you up?
I'm still figuring: You're either real brave or real dumb.
Damn lucky this storm didn't blow down when we were on those baldheaded mountains.  It continues, we better stay put.
Going to be a bit of a challenge with handcuffs on.
Have to backtrack, find another way down.
Pushing it is flat wrong.  All you prove is your ignorance about breaking trail.
Let's camp.  There's grayling under this ice. I'll snare some for dinner.
Most dangerous thing in the world: A regular Joe, in over his head.  You trying to prove how tough you are for me, or for yourself?
Be my guest.
We get wet, we freeze to death in a couple hours.
Ice is too thin -- you can see the water moving underneath.
Still quite a hike to Devil's Cauldron.  Days.  A long stretch to go without sleep, my friend.  You can hide behind that pistol for now, but take your eyes off me long enough to sneeze --
Snow shelter.  Okay.  You dig. I'll have a little sit-down.
Why in hell you care enough about me to die taking me in?
Look, take these cuffs off.  We need to work together.
I'm not gonna carry you out of here.
You sound like the tourists. Know-it-alls who read about survival in a magazine.  Fuck you.  You won't make it off this mountain.
I took the odds on getting down in one piece, and I made it.  Now we're in my territory.
You got the belly to look me in the eye and pull the trigger?
Hunting and trapping was a damn fine life.  Me and Mitchell, Bob and LeMalle, we were teams.  I'd always go with Mitchell.  Good man, Mitchell.  I'd let Bob worry about goddamn LeMalle.  We'd hire a plane in October.  On the way to a dirt airstrip somewhere, we'd drop supplies.  We'd land, tell the pilot to come back for us a few days before Christmas.
That makes the flight more interesting.
Been driving long?
Smart?  Sure.  That's why I'm sitting in this plane and they're down there blowing me kisses.
Surviving is what I know --
Send him down to her.  There's money in my duffel bag, back at his cabin.
Does he have people?
A lot to ask, dragging him away from such a good-looking girl --
Nice bluff the other day with the tranquilizer gun out your jeep window.  See you again, maybe.
Ecology.  Folks use that term for everything but what it means: who's eating who.
New to the country, kid?
No big deal.  We just got off on the wrong foot.  What's your name?
Yep.  Afraid you have me at a disadvantage.
Can't be much of a crime, if all they got minding the area is a cocky kid.
Nothing personal.
I don't want to hurt you, Sam.
Good idea.  Flying over mountains can give you some nasty surprises.  Go too low, one of the clouds might have a big rock inside it.
I'll get loose before that plane comes.
Sam, listen -- I shot to defend my man.  Other guy drew first.
Sam, give Dixie here fifty bucks out of my kit, will you?
Christ if I shouldn't know better than to step in soft earth.  I've seen footprints in the tundra a hundred years old.
All this for laying traps on private land?
You wouldn't shoot anyone...
Can we buy the Marshal some dinner?
Relax.  One more day without drink won't kill you.  Right, Sam?
Just passing through.
Hullo, Sam.  Slow day?
