Keep back.
Your infrared camera?
You'll catch a chill by that dumb waiter shaft.  Sit on the cot.  Keep this pointed at him if I get preoccupied.
I'd sure like that favor you offered a while back.
There isn't one, unless Corbett's men get here before the plane does.
...I won't let a killer walk!
How?  Nobody this far north monitors that frequency until avalanche season.  Besides, I'm surprised a tough guy like you uses fancy electronics.
I just want this over with.
It'll be interesting, trying to build a fire without any wood.
Let's go.
I'll get you there all right.
Avalanche season is coming.
When you ran off, I thought you'd keep going 'til you were back home in Washington.
I've got an idea.  We'll have to work fast.
Nothing broken.  C'mon, we have to hurry.
Please, Anne Marie, you being here only complicates things.
Here.  A transport plane is due at eleven.  Once I put him on it, it's all over.
I'll tell you everything later.
You can't stay here.  Go back to the Turtle.  I'll meet you back there in a few hours.
Be careful, okay?
Fairbanks is a three-hour flight. I'll be back by dinnertime.
Let's go.
Come here...
Prolonged darkness makes people crazy.
I thought I should check our emergency transmitters.
-- Permanently?
It's exactly what you meant.
You make it sound like a prison sentence.
You were looking at it in the catalog.  Don't know where you can wear it...
Can't help myself.  Corbett's type always pisses me off.  Oh, I found this at the post office.  Had your name on it.
He was sitting in a hot tub with a hooker.
Sure did.  He was one of the trappers we rousted from the Haul Road.
No way can he get away with this. I'll be back by tonight.
I'll go into town with you.
Best thing is, Meyerling has to chase around to find us.
Thanks.
Bastards took off, though, didn't they?
Stay here.
He still might be around.  I saw fresh tire tracks coming in.
He's coming around fine.
You're wrong.  Everything we do leaves its mark.  You said it yourself -- there are hundred- year-old footprints in the tundra.
We'll get you to a hospital, soon as we get to Fairbanks.
How come you didn't let him shoot me?
Let's get out of here.
Can you walk?
Why offer a buyoff with your gunmen waiting outside?
Answer and I'll shoot!
Shut up!
No way they'll find you on a five-minute signal.  And no way -more-
Emergency transmitter?  What happened to signal mirrors or two-tone smoke fires?
I liked you better frozen.  You didn't talk so much.
You broke the radio, remember?
Maybe...maybe not.  I'll tell you what scares me -- stumbling through life, like an ordinary jerk.  That's why I want to work on the front lines, where what I do means something.  Soon as I got here, I realized my job was bullshit.  Oil company propaganda.  I was ready to leave, then I thought screw it, I'll outsmart them, do the work anyway.  I don't know anymore.  Maybe I am fooling myself.  That's what I'm afraid of most of all.
I already have.
They think you're in Fairbanks. If not, they still won't find you before the plane comes tomorrow.
Don't push me..!
What do you know about people? You live like an animal!  A savage goddamn throwback like you belongs out here, as far away from the rest of us as possible.
Yeah, it is fucked up -- but it's not too late to keep that from happening here.
Killing wildlife not good enough anymore, so you go on to bigger and better things.
Nome?  I figure you'd be a whaler, coming from there.
An appetite.  Maybe you won't die after all.
It was blown up with the plane.
Emergency transmitter?  All your gear is back at Wilder's.
Stay still.
You don't feel cold?
How many do you see?
Stay awake!  You want to go hypothermic?
You're not going to slow us down! Keep moving!
You don't get it, do you?
Too bad we're heading west.
Yeah?
I'm here to do my job.
You know Meyerling?
It could blow over tomorrow, too.
Forget it.  It would take days.
We've got another two hours of daylight.
It wasn't my idea to crash the plane.
I'm right behind you.
I've been on ice like this when I was a kid, skating.  Spread your weight, keep moving.  Go on.
We're not sitting here 'til November.  There's a cargo plane coming to Devil's Cauldron in four days, and I'm putting you on it.
-- Turn around.
We'll stop here, dig out a snow shelter.
I don't plan on dying.
That's right.  You're not.
With light clothing and no supplies, this is nobody's territory.
Next time you want to kill yourself, don't include me.
Stay put!
Sounds like professional jealousy.
I needed a pilot's license to take the job here, so I got one in six weeks.
How the hell were they smart enough to find us?
-- Killing is what you know.  Pack some food while I prep for the flight.  I'm sure not gonna let him go.
A daughter in Oregon.
-- To take you to jail?  It'll be my pleasure.
Yeah.  Maybe so.
Six months.  Ecological study for Northland Oil.
Desmond.
Kenai at the general store asked me to bring these.  Didn't expect we'd already met.
Ben Corbett?
I got your plate number, asshole. Maybe you feel like spending a few months in jail.
You got two counts against you -- trapping out of season and poaching on restricted land.
If you have to ask, you wouldn't understand.
-- Here's a hundred dollars.  And if you or anyone else will back me up on this --
Will you rent me a cabin, or not?
I need to rent a cabin.
Neff, you know better than this...
You don't care enough about Sam to --
There'll be three, four men at the most.  I have some backup, nothing will happen.
What are you talking about?
Yeah.  Sorry I barked at you last night.
Just stay out of my face until I'm gone!
Corbett ruined my two-way.  Go to my place on the Haul Road, tell Anne Marie I'm okay and to sit tight.
-- I'm putting him on the plane to Fairbanks, eleven tomorrow.
Back at my place... he, uh, broke his leg.
Look, Neff, I've got Ben Corbett with me --
Have you heard anything from the girl staying with me, Anne Marie?
Sure.
Fuck you.
Some day these people'll wake up, and you'll be the first one they'll run out of here.
I should release Corbett because you want some votes?
What does this matter to you?
That's what we should've done in the first place.
Any idea who could've done it?
We'll go with you.
Hey, Sam, look over there.  Black and white smoke.
Mobile Arctic Dwelling -- MAD.
-- We appreciate the company. Anne Marie's getting cabin fever already.
