Well, how about hypnosis? That can't hurt him!
Now how soon can we try Sodium Pentathol?
If I were in their place and I'd run out of time, I'd abandon the ship before I grew to dangerous size... and use the few extra minutes to get out the quickest way possible, on my own...
That blip we're picking up might only be the radio-active particle. The Proteus may already be destroyed...
It means killing Benes...  And for all we know, they may have completed the operation!  Damn it to hell!
I can't help it. I'm just weak, I guess.
Let's find what the devil's holding them up!  Contact the Proteus!
Another delay... With only forty-two minutes left.
They're in the Pulmonary Artery.
Message to Proteus.
What are the problems in stopping the Heart?
At topspeed...and adjusting distance for Degree of Miniaturization --  The sub should get through the Heart in fifty-seven seconds.
I know that. But what's the maximum?
Doctor...without killing him -- how long could we stop his heart?
Not until the very last second. We must think of something... Something to save the situation.
We still have fifty-one minutes. Leave them in.
No...
That can't be -- there's no direct connection between the two --
Phase Two.
Where do we stand?
We understand your concern, but we've made our decision, Doctor. Any questions? Anybody?
Grant's uniquely qualified for this mission. He's a Communications Expert and was a Frogman during the War. Besides, he brought Benes into this country, and the fewer people who know about him, the better. At any rate, you'll find Grant invaluable, should anything go wrong once you're under way.  Okay, Don.
Why don't you go on. We'll meet you at the Clearance Desk in a few minutes.
He's blanked out on that one particular point.
Oh yes, great. The only problem is, he can't remember what he came to tell us.
Yes?
There'll be a team of Surgeons standing by. We're prepared to remove you immediately, should anything go wrong. In any event, you must be out within sixty minutes. After that, you'll be in danger of attack.
This is Dr. Duval, our Head Surgeon.
It's only for an hour --
Grant, our Miniaturizer can shrink anything.
As part of the Crew.
Well, the only way to reach that clot is from inside the Brain. So we've decided to put a Surgical Team and a Crew into a submarine -- reduce it way down in size, and inject it into an Artery --
And take a little trip with them...
That's right. He wanted us to have the secret, and not them. Which is why they tried to kill him.
They have...  But we've both got the same problem -- lack or control. We can only keep things Miniaturized for exactly sixty minutes. Arter that, everything starts growing back to its original size.
We can shrink an Army -- with all its equipment -- and put it in a bottle cap. That's why we call it <Combined Miniature Deterrent Forces>.
<Combined Miniature Deterrent Forces>.
No question of her loyalty.
Come along, they'll be operating shortly.  See you later, Mike.
We have no choice. Duval's the most skillful brain surgeon in the country, and he's right here, at hand.
Tell him where he fits in, will you? I've got a few things to check out.
Cora Peterson, his Technical Assistant. You'll join Duval and the others --
Duval. Dr. Peter Duval. Top brain man in the country. Ever hear of him?
Here's the Surgeon.
-- and why we need you.
Before he could breathe a word. He's the only scientist who knows the answer to what we're after. That's why we have to operate --
Brain injury.
The Other Side got to him.
Hello, Grant. Good to see you again.
And no matter what happens, you're to take orders <only> from Dr. Michaels, understand?
Difficult? He's impossible!
[LINE OF DIALOGUE CUT OFF]
Meet Grant. This is Dr. Michaels, Chief of the Medical Section.
