Wouldn't it be quicker if we all helped?
You're going out there? With those Antibodies --
We must!
But we just can't leave him in there! What'll happen to him?
I can't imagine how it possibly could have come loose. I distinctly recall fastening it with all four bolts --
Listen...the Heart.
He certainly is. He should be up and about in no time.
I don't know yet, Doctor. And I won't know until I test it.
Air bubbles!... Doctor --
Doctor...you can't mean that! Not when we've come this far. And if we give up, there'll be no way of saving Mr. Benes --
But big enough for us...
They're much smaller than bacteria...
I just wanted to thank you for taking me along.
I -- I want to say...
Doctor...
Look! They follow the direction of her glance, are startled to see:
What do you mean?
Oh, no. Plenty of cause. He won't follow the herd, or change his convictions -- even when they're not popular. And he believes in an absolutely free interchange of information between scientists of different countries -- and these days, there's nothing more suspicious than that.
You're not the first, but he's much too innocent, much too involved with his work, to realize what's going on around him.
That's why you're really here. I knew it from the start.
Keeping an eye on Dr. Duval...
A great deal more than that, I believe...
Thank you for saving my life.
I feel much better now...
Open it! Open it before they get here!
Oh yes, I'm sure Dr. Duval could. If we had the parts.
No, it requires such absolute precision --
Not anything built into the chassis.  If it hadn't come loose --
You can't --it's too dangerous --
Shouldn't you answer that?
I have no idea.
But I did. I'm positive!
Doctor -- is it possible? That we're seeing it happen before our eyes?
And if it should take more time to get through --
I never...never imagined it could be anything...like this.
Not working for someone like Dr. Duval --
I've been with him since I got out of school. He brought me into the CMDF, over five years ago.
Not in the hands of a great surgeon like Dr. Duval. The beam of this laser can be regulated to one millionth of a millimeter.
That'll teach you where to keep your hand.
You may learn to like it.
I think it's the most exciting --  We're going to see things no one ever saw before. The actual physical process of Life itself -- not something under a microscope... Just think of it --
You sound as if you're not looking forward to it.
We're pushing oxygen today.
