He's making a fine recovery.
Cora, is something wrong with the laser?
No danger of an embolism. At our reduced scale, they're much too minute to prove fatal to Benes.
Dr. Michaels is right. We have no choice.
Yes, a fistula too small to show up on the X-rays.
Never saw <that>. Not even under an electron-mrcroscope.
Thank you for volunteering.
What is it?  Anything wrong?
Yes, Cora.
I'm going to do what I can to save Benes.
Removal Point? What're you talking about!
The Breath of God...
You left something out.
The Soul? The finite mind cannot comprehend Infinity. And the Soul which comes from God is Infinite.
I know only too well what's in the balance, Doctor. And it's not my ego, damned or otherwise.
I'll do nothing of the sort! The operation is <my> responsibility! I won't do it, and that's final!
If it won't work, it's beyond my power to fix it. But if it does, there's no telling how long it will hold up. It's a jury rig, at best, and we'll need every second of use we can get out of it. That's why I don't want to put any extra strain on the connections by running unnecessary tests.
I've done all I could with the laser.
It's against my better Judgment...
If we can go in past the Oculomotor Nerve...
That puts us right here... Which means we can head straight for the Sub Arachnoid Cavity.
What can we do?
You can't believe all that's accidental? That there isn't a Creative Intelligence at work --
We can't take a second more.
But that isn't possible.
I don't agree. I think we ought to stop and take a sample.
It's too late now. We must go on.
Doctor, what's wrong?
What about Dr. Michaels?
We could follow the Optic Nerve to the corner of the Eye.
It I can clear this Central Nerve, that <may> be enough...
If I can relieve the pressure on a few key vessels...
"Yet all the suns that light the Corridors of the Universe shine dim, Before the blazing of a Single Thought -- "
Yes...  We can transfer over to the Inner Ear, and go by way of the Endolymphatic Duct.
We'll never get there in time, at this rate.
No, there's no other way.
Just a few cells away from a vast air chamber -- one of the countless Alvioli of the Lung -- and we can't get enough to fill a microscopic tank.
Oxygenation...
A simple exchange, Mr. Grant. Corpuscles releasing carbon dioxide -- the moment they touch the Wall of the Lung -- in return for oxygen coming through from the other side.
They all lead to the same place -- the Lungs.
Only to the naked eye.  Those corpuscles -- carrying oxygen -- give the stream its color. But the rest of the plasma's very much like sea water. An ocean of life...
Everything can be divided in half, no matter how minute.
The Medieval Philosophers were right... <Man> is the center of the Universe... We stand in the middle of Infinity, between Outer and Inner Space. And there's no limit to either.
