Yes, we'd like to get moving.
Can't remember?... What do you mean?
Where can I get a cab back to town?
Just one, General...
Attack? Who -- or should I say what from?
Oh yes, I've heard of you, Doctor.
Not even for a minute! General Carter, sir, I'd like you to reconsider your choice. I'm just not the right man for a mission of this kind.
But I don't want to be Miniaturized -- !
Wait a minute! They can't shrink <me>!
You mean <I'm> going along?
Trip? Where to?
They're bound to try again. No wonder they want me to stand by during the operation.
I assume Benes knows how to control it.
If the Other Side ever gets hold of a thing like that...
General, I've heard some wild ones. But this takes it.
Say that again?
I don't mean to be inquisitive. But this <CMDF> -- for all I know it could stand for <Consolidated Mobilization of Female Delinquents>?
His technician okay? In addition to the Looks Department?
Right, sir.
I wouldn't know if he's trying to save him or kill him.
But why take the chance, when there must be other doctors?
Wish I knew why.
What can I do? Except maybe pass out?
Sorry, but I'm rusty on surgeons. Who's the girl?
I can't even put a Band-Aid on my finger.
<Me>?
Before or after what he wanted to tell you?
How bad off is he?
Benes... What the devil happened?
The Pentagon, wasn't it, General? Only you weren't in that uniform...
We better get back to the sub. Every second counts now.
Well, if you happen to be very fond of him -- even in love with him -- it would certainly affect your point of view.
Depends on which end of the telescope you look through.
Under a cloud without cause, I take it.
As obvious as that? Our Security people will jump for joy.  I suppose Duval's onto me, too?
What gives you that idea?
Such as?
That's what they pay me for.
No need to get up --
I can't till the hatch is flooded!
I've got a source. All I have to do is tap it.
A surgeon might...
If you had a transistor about this size and power output, and a thin enough wire --  -- could you piece it together?
You must carry spare parts --
I'll try to hold it from the other side of the wall, while you push from out here. Maybe that'll do it.
Not now. We need air, not greetings!
Then how come it worked loose?
Looks like you didn't batten it down too well.
Look at that...they're changing color...
-- at which point the Heart will be stopped by electric shock.
I always thought it was nothing but red.
A long time, with one man.
I understand you've been Dr. Duval's Assistant for quite some time... He must've snatched you out of the cradle.
That could be quite a lethal weapon... It could kill, not cure.
Now I know...
That's the trouble. I am. Being shrunk...
Well, it's not exactly a pleasure cruise.
I'll take some Laughing Gas, ma'am.
Bet you're pretty handy around the house... Can you cook?
It's too late!
You said there was a quick way out!
The ship's good as finished. We'll have to get out on our own! Is there a quick way out?
Doctor, we've just about had it.
How does it look, Doctor?
"Proclaiming in incandescent glory The myriad Mind of Man..."
Then why not take it?
Isn't there another route? So we can by-pass all this?
Isn't there another surgical procedure you can try?
Maybe we can...  Skipper, is there a snorkel on this sub?
Don't tell me they're refueling...
Mind letting me in on what's going on out there?
I'd hate to get lost on that Freeway...
Quite a piece of plumbing.
You mean Inner Space is endless?
I don't believe that.
Sorry, but the situation has changed.
How long will it take to get from here to the Removal Point?
Hold it, Skipper.  What happens if we overstay?
Looks like quite a way to go...
They're tracking us Topside. Once they see where we're going, I'm sure they'll take every precaution.
Looks like somebody declared war.
Skipper, you're picking up seaweed -- or whatever it is.
I always had an idea there was only one System. The Circulatory.
Two in a row?
You still never know what's going on in anyone's mind...
That line was tampered with...
I saw the laser just before we started. It was fastened down securely. You don't suppose what happened was an 'accident?' Any more than my safety line snapping after it was tied off to the sub?
Let's hope... So far, somebody's tried to sabotage this mission twice.
Cough? If he can kick up a storm by just <breathing> --
Looks like the sea, at dawn.
Well, sir? Which is it? The wireless, or Benes' life?
They'll still be able to track us by radar, because of the radioactive fuel.
Just one little transistor and a circuit wire is all it takes.
All right now -- push the snorkel through as soon as I get inside.
There's no other way. Tie my safety line to the sub.
Well, we better get on with it.
If those Corpuscles can take on air, no reason why we can't.  All we have to do is hook up the snorkel to that air chamber you were talk1ng about, and when Benes inhales, there should be plenty of pressure to force the oxygen into the tank.  How's that sound to you, Skipper?
There it is!
Sounds like heavy artillery...
If there's any chance --
That's just dandy. We can't go forward -- and we can't go back.
If we can't go back, is there an alternate route?
A what?
Well, it seems to me if you reduce a ship to microscopic size -- and the stream remains constant -- we'd take quite a beating.
How are you, Miss Peterson?
Surgical assassination?! But that means you suspect --
At an operation?
And she said it was indelible...
What'd you do that for?
Go ahead.
Where we going?
I thought I was on my vacation... What's it all about?
Nothing wrong with us! Not a thing! We're fine -- just fine!
We feel great, don't we? Just <great>?!
Who, me? Oh, no! Don't bother about me! We're not hurt! Isn't that right, Skipper?
We can get out through the Lab Section.
Berserk nothing. He's the one who's been sabotaging the mission...  Get this on. Hurry!
What happened?
I've come up against fanatics before, and Duval just doesn't fit the pattern.  I'm going out there, Skipper. Maybe I can be of some help...
Any reserve air?
'Prepare for Miniaturization'...
Remind me to ask you about the love life of an octupus.
All in all, quite a canoe...
That's cutting it mighty close -- for a perfect fit.
If it's no military secret, how can a sub run on a microscopic particle?
Atomic fuel?
That makes two of us.
Out of your element, aren't you, Captain?
I could use a lawnmower...
What's wrong, Skipper?
Thirty-two minutes left...  But chances are we won't have to wait that long for try-number three.
Could I run a tube through that Wall, without harming Benes?
What is it, Skipper?
