I'll be standing by. <I'll> know.
That's no reason to suspect him of disloyalty.
I don't agree. Just because he's often difficult --
Glad to have you with us, Mr. Grant.
Yes, Alan.
Yes, there's no time to spare. And those fibers can be quite tenacious.
No danger of attack, as long as you don't trigger them off by any injury to the System.
With no laser --
That's beside the point now.  I don't see the sense of going on.
We'll know -- in the next breath...
It must have been jarred loose during the whirlpool.
Yes...slowed down agreat deal.
Dr. Duval, you are not going through with this! I absolutely forbid it! I'm responsible for the lives of everyone here! I will not allow you or anyone else to leave this ship!
We have no alternative. With only six minutes left, we'll just barely make it.
What's that?
--and certain chemicals involving proteins --
Take a close look at your Soul, and your Infinity, and your God out there --
As usual, you want everything your way. Except this time there's more than your damned ego at stake.
Dr. Duvall I insist you test the laser.
All I'm asking is you test it beforehand!
Better Judgment?! To wait until the actual operation -- when it may be too late?
Yes...
Nothing -- against all that force.
Nothing miraculous about it. Just an interchange of gases. The end product of five hundred million years of Evolution.
Captain -- head in the d1rection of the flow and drift with it.
Not in a sealed vessel like an Artery.  Captain -- something must be wrong with your controls!
That's not the purpose of this mission.  Captain -- keep a straight course -- until you're in the clear.
Looks like the molecular structure of proteins.
I can't breathe!... I've got to get out!
Why not? Because of his gibberish about GOd and the Soul? Camouflage -- that's all it is -- to blind the gullible like you! And to hide his real identity -- a fanatic whose only purpose is to kill Benes! And you made it possible!
Nothing has changed as far as <my> authority goes! He is <not> going to operate! Not in the little time we have left! There's no chance of success! It's sheer suicide for all of us!
I'm in charge of this mission! You were instructed to take orders from me, not give them!
Once time's up, De-Miniaturization begins. In a matter of seconds the ship will grow big enough to become a danger to the System. Then White Corpuscles will swarm to destroy it, as they would any invader.
No, we should reach the base of the Brain shortly. And from there, it's not far to the site of the injury.
Let's hope they realize the danger.  Captain, I'll give you a new compass heading.
Just what it is. Antibodies, destroying Bacteria -- or any other foreign invader that threatens the System.
Reticular fibers. We ought to be clear of them soon.
The Lymphatic System drains off excess fluid from the Tissues. Without it, we'd all swell up like balloons. He reaches the console, begins to take out a new chart.
We're entering the Lymphatic System. Those are nuclei of cells, lining a Duct.
It's possible --
I can't believe it. Whatever happened was an accident.
I -- I don't know what to say. I know he's under a cloud, but there's not a more dedicated man in the entire medical profession.
You have no right to blame Duval --
Sabotage? I don't understand...
His Pleura's in fine condition. It should be clear sailing through this area.
We're safe -- long as it remains that color...  We're in the Pleural Sac.  It keeps the Lungs from rubbing against the Wall of the Chest up there. When those membranes become inflamed, we wind up with Pleurisy -- and a wracking cough.
Send the following message...
But that'll knock out our communications! We'll be cutting ourselves off from the outside.
Grant -- wait a minute -- you're not going to dismantle the wireless?
Walt for the lull -- between the time he inhales and exhales.
Yes -- with all that pressure, and suction within --
In a way -- yes. Those are impurities imbedded in the Lung after a lifetime of 'Civilization.' Carbon from smoke and smog -- specks of dust --
At this size, I would certainly think so.
Fasten yourselves in. There should be a tremendous surge when the Heart starts up again.
It lays down quite a barrage in a lifetime. Forty million beats.
Request removal, Mr. Grant.
Tell them to take us out.
I'm afraid there's only one thing we can do. Call off the mission.
Yes... We can go forward on this course, but it means going directly through the Heart.
A forced joining of an Artery and Vein. Must've happened when Benes was hurt.
About forty miles an hour.
Miss Peterson, his Technical Assistant.
They know they failed to kill Benes. Security thinks they'll try again, first chance they get. We're afraid of medical sabotage -- or surgical assassination.
We need you for Security purposes, Mr. Grant.
Yes, by all means. We must try it.
Was there any damage?
I'll guide you, once we're in the Heart.
Looks simple to operate.
Captain, how will you be able to follow my charts --  --from up there?
The only danger of turbulence is in the Heart -- and we're not going through it.  Once in the Carotid Artery, we'll remain in the Arterial System... until we reach the point of damage --  -- where Dr. Duval will attempt to dissolve the clot with a laser beam. After the operation, we'll return by way of the Venous System --  -- until we reach the base of the neck --  -- where we'll be removed right here -- with a hypodermic.
