Because my son is here.  And his father is here.  As a mother, I don't want my child to be separated from his father.
Yes...Look, during the last five years we were married, I had...I was getting more and more...unhappy, more and more frustrated.  I needed to talk to somebody.  I needed to find out if it was me, if I was going crazy or what.  But every time I turned to Ted--my ex-husband, he couldn't handle it.  He became very...I don't know, very threatened.  I mean, when- ever I would bring up anything he would act like it was some kind of personal attack.  Anyway, we became more and more separate ...more and more isolated from one another.  Finally, I had no other choice, I had to leave. And because of my ex-husband's attitude--his unwillingness to deal with my feelings, I had come to have almost no self- esteem...  At the time I left, I sincerely believed that there was something wrong with me--that my son would be better off without me.  It was only when I got to California and started into therapy I began to realize I wasn't a terrible person.  And that just because I needed some creative and emotional outlet other than my child, that didn't make me unfit to be a mother.
Yes.  Very much.
I make thirty-one thousand dollars a year.
Yes, I work for Jantzen as a sportswear designer.
Yes.  I tried to talk to Ted-- my ex-husband--about it, but he wouldn't listen.  He refuses to discuss it in any serious way. I remember one time he said I probably couldn't get a job that would pay enough to hire a baby- sitter for Billy.
No, I did not.
The first couple, yes, but after that it became increasingly difficult.
Six years.
Yes.
I consider it less my failure than his.
I was not a failure.
We were married two years before the baby.  And then four very difficult years.
Yes.
I suppose...
I...I don't know...
Somewhere in between.
I don't recall.
I don't recall.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
Yes.
Okay...I think I'll go talk to my son now.  How do I look?
Only can I still see him?
He's already got one mother, he doesn't need two...He's yours...  I won't fight you for him any more. He's yours...
After I left...when I was in California, I began to think, what kind of mother was I that I could walk out on my own child. It got to where I couldn't tell anybody about Billy--I couldn't stand that look in their faces when I said he wasn't living with me.  Finally it seemed like the most important thing in the world to come back here and prove to Billy and to me and to the world how much I loved him...And I did ...And I won.  Only...it was just another "should."  ...Sitting in that courtroom. Hearing everything you did, everything you went through... Something happened.  I guess it doesn't matter how much I love him, or how much you love him. I guess it's like you said, the only thing that counts is what's best for Billy.  I don't know, maybe that's all love is anyway... Ted, I think Billy should stay with you...
Please...Please don't stop me. This is the hardest thing I've ever had to do..
Ted, when we got married it was because I was twenty-seven years old and I thought I should get married and...when I had Billy it was because I thought I should have a baby...and I guess all I did was mess up my life and your life and--
Ted, do you love him?
Ted, do you love him?
Please, Ted.  I never would have brought it up if I thought--
I'm sorry...I just mentioned it in passing.  I never thought he'd use it.
Ted, if you can't discuss this rationally--
Ted, all my life I'd either been somebody's daughter or somebody's wife, or somebody else's mother. Then all of a sudden, I was a thirty-two-year-old, highly neurotic woman who had just walked out on her husband and child.  I went to California because that was about as far away as I could get.  Only... I guess it wasn't far enough. So I started going to a shrink.  Ted, I've had time to think. I've been through some changes. I've learned a lot about myself.
Ted, listen to me...You and I, we had a really crappy marriage--  Look, don't get so defensive, okay?  It was probably as much my fault as it was yours... Anyway when I left I was really screwed up--
I want my son.  I'm through sitting in coffee shops looking at him from across the street. I want my son.
Ted...The reason I wanted to see you...I want Billy back.
Watching my son...Ted, I've been living in New York for the past two months.
He looks like a terrific kid.
A few times.  Sometimes I sit in that coffee shop across the street and watch when you take him to school.
I've seen him.
You can't tell it from a distance, Ted.
Yes...How's Billy?
How's the new job?
Hello, Ted.  You look well.
I don't know...
NO!...Please...Please don't make me stay...I swear...If you do, sooner or later...maybe tomorrow, maybe next week...maybe a year from now...  I'll go right out the window.
I am not!  I'm a terrible mother! I'm an awful mother.  I yell at him all the time.  I have no patience.  No...No.  He's better off without me.  Ted, I've got to go...I've got to go.
Ted, I can't...I tried...I really tried but...I just can't hack it anymore...
I'm not taking him with me.
No you didn't.  You didn't even ask about Billy.
You just don't get it, do you?  I - am - really - and - truly - leaving - you.
Ted, you're not listening to me. It's over, finished.
Look, it's not your fault, okay? It's me.  It's my fault--you just married the wrong person.
I've paid the rent, the Con-Ed and the phone bill, so you don't have to worry about them.
Here are the slips for the laundry and the cleaning.  They'll be ready on Saturday.
I took two thousand out of the savings account.  That was what I had in the bank when we got married.
My American Express...My Bloomingdale's Credit Card... My check book--
Ted, I'm leaving you.
