Ted was a good worker.  But, ah... ... after his wife left him and he was taking care of the kid on his own, things started to change. Look, I know he had problems, I understand that.  I've got problems, everybody's got problems.  But I've got a shop to run, I can't let that kind of thing get in the way...  I guess I felt that Ted was letting his duties at home interfere with his responsibilities in the office.
It was good.  He was a hard worker, a lot of drive, a real hustler.
Yes...
Eight, almost nine years.
Disappointing.  It only pulled a fourteen share and they were hoping for a twenty-five minimum, and...ah...they're not very happy and...Well, the guys have decided they want to...ah, re-think the entire concept and...Look, I don't like having to do this, okay?... But...I mean, what I mean is...ah, I'm going to have to...ah, let you go--
That's my decision, Ted and that's final.
Well, ah...I thought it over and I decided we're doing it Murray's way.
Murray had some ideas about the Fire and Ice campaign and he had the art department make up a few roughs...  I think they're kind of interesting.
Hey, Ted.  C'mon in.  I wanna' talk to you.
Ted, this may sound a little rough, but we've just landed the biggest account in the history of this agency, right? And now it's up to us--that's you and me --to deliver the goods.  Ted, you're my main man, and if I can't depend on you a hundred and ten percent, twenty-four hours a day, because you're worried about a kid with a runny nose--
Look, it's none of my business, so you can tell me to butt out, okay?  But if you want my advice, you'll send Billy away to stay with relatives for a while.  Just until you get yourself straightened out.
But...just in case...I mean, just on the off chance she doesn't. What are you going to do about the kid?
She'll be back...
Look, Ted, I'm the oldest whore on the beat, okay?  Three marriages, two divorces...You're gonna be okay.
Listen, don't let it get you down.  You're going to be fine.
Jesus Christ.  That's a real blockbuster.  I always figured you guys had it made.
I mean it Ted, you're running this one.
Listen, Ted...I just want to tell you, when old man Schmidt retires next year, I've got a pretty
Hey, what's the rush?  C'mon, walk me a couple of blocks.
Ted, will you take it easy? Revlon's not about to drop an account that represents more than two million in gross billing receipts in a small agency like this, without making us sweat.  Now just relax, okay? Everything's gonna be fine.
