Objection!  Your honor, counsel is raising a question that is not germane to these proceedings.
Objection, your honor!  Counsel is harassing the witness.
Objection!
No further questions.  Thank you Mrs. Phillips.
Can you recall any particular incident that relates to Mr. Kramer's care of his child?
Your honor, I'd like to ask what this model of stability and respectability has ever succeeded at?  Mrs. Kramer, were you a failure at the longest, most important personal relationship in your life?
Mrs. Kramer, how can you consider yourself a fit mother when you have been a failure at virtually every relationship you have undertaken as an adult?
Your honor, I would request a direct answer to a direct question.  Does she have a lover?
How long do you plan to live in New York, Mrs. Kramer?
Were you?
Congratulations, Mrs. Kramer. You have just rewritten matrimonial law.  You were both divorced, Mrs. Kramer.
Oh?  What do you call it then --a success?  The marriage ended in divorce.
So, you were a failure at the longest, most important relationship in your life.
How long was that?
Would you speak up, Mrs. Kramer? I couldn't hear you.
Whom you've seen twice in a year? Mrs. Kramer, your ex-husband, wasn't he the longest personal relationship in your life?
Then, we don't really know, do we, when you say "permanently" if you're planning to remain in New York, or even to keep the child for that matter, since you've never really done anything in your life that was continuing, stable, that could be regarded as permanent.
Is that...permanent?
Do you have a lover now?
More than three, less than thirty- three--permanently?
How many lovers have you had-- permanently?
Well, I can certainly understand why you left him.
Did he ever fail to provide for you?
Was he unfaithful?
A heavy drinker?
Would you describe your husband as an alcoholic?
Did your husband strike or physically abuse his child in any way?
In all that time did your husband ever strike you or abuse you physically in any way.
Now then, Mrs. Kramer, you said you were married seven years. Is that correct?
It's going to cost.
We can appeal, but I can't guarantee anything.
Ordered, adjudged and decreed that the petitioner be awarded custody of the minor child, effective Monday the 23rd of January.  That the respondent pay for the maintenance and support of said child, four hundred dollars each month.  That the father shall have the following rights of visitation: every other weekend, one night each week to be mutually agreed upon and one half of the child's vacation period.  That's it.
I can't tell you how sorry I am.
The judge went for motherhood straight down the line.
Mr. Kramer, would you tell the court exactly why you want to retain custody of your child.
Do you want the kid or don't you?
Look, Ted, I don't honestly think she would go to the trouble of suing you for custody of the child if she was planning on kidnapping him.
Good.  You've hired yourself a hell of a lawyer, Mr. Kramer.  How old is the child?
That's if we win.  If we lose, you could end up having to pay your wife's court costs as well.
First, there's no such thing as an open and shut case. Especially where custody is involved.  Got it?
Can you describe the relationship between Mr. Kramer and his son?
How often do you see Mr. Kramer and his son?
Mrs. Phillips, how long have you known Ted Kramer?
