It's beautiful.  It's just beautiful. They have a beautiful relationship.
Charley, my husband, and I are ...divorced and Kim, that's our daughter is about Billy's age and the children play together a lot.  So, I guess we see each three or four times a week.
Six years.  Ever since Ted and Joanna moved into the building.
Ted, I just heard...
Maybe.  I said maybe.  What I mean is, ah...I don't think it'll really work out, but Charley seems to want it, so...
Ah, Charley and I are...Well, we're thinking about...I mean, actually we're sort of talking about maybe getting back together.
Ted.
You heard anything yet?
Me?!  You want me to take care of Billy?!
Don't say that!  I don't want to hear you say that!
What?
Sure.
I told her you're doing a
Uh, huh...Yeah...
Uh, huh...She said she had a good job, was playing a lot of tennis.  She wanted to know all about Billy.
Not for a couple of months. The last time I heard from her she was living in San Francisco.
Look,  I know this isn't gonna make any sense, okay?  I mean forget the logic part...But I keep thinking if Charley really loved me, he wouldn't have let me divorce him.
No.  I don't think so.
Three.  And add some basil.
No, not really...  I guess it's different if you don't have children, but...I dunno, even if Charley and I don't live together, even if we're sleeping with other people, even if Charley was to marry again...He'd still be my husband. That stuff about "Till death do you part?"  That's really true.
Lenox Hill.  77th Street between Park and Lex.  The emergency number is 327-0800.
You're sure?
You're on your own, understand?
I've got enough trouble raising my own kid.  I don't need another one.  Got it?
All right...Okay...But let's get something straight, right now. I mean, I'm sorry about what happened between you and Joanna, but it's not my problem, understand?
Look, this is nothing personal, but I don't think you can do it.
I mean, what are you going to do about Billy?
What are you going to do?
Ted, divorce is a terrible thing. I know, I went through it. You've got to believe I did everything I could to get Joanna to stay.  But I'll tell you something. You may not want to hear it, but it took a lot of courage for Joanna to do what she just did.
No.
Maybe she didn't feel like she should have to.  Maybe she felt like if you'd been paying any real attention to her to start with, maybe you would've noticed.
Oh for shit's sake, Ted, you are the most selfish human being I have ever met.  No wonder she said you came first, then Billy, then, if there was anything left over, she got the scraps.
What d'you know about how Joanna felt?  You went off to an office every morning and you'd come dragging home at seven or eight every night and as long as dinner was on the table you thought everything was swell.
I mean...things.  Ted, Joanna's very unhappy and--
Ted, Joanna and I used to talk a lot and...well, she told me a lot of...ah, things about the two of you.
Ted, don't be so hostile.
OhmyGod.  Didn't she say anything? She must've said something.
Ted, all I wanted to know was where--
Look, Ted, all I--
