You're too human, Blade.
You're wrong -- a few minutes more, and my transition will be complete. Even your sword won't be able to affect me then.
Take him.
No longer.
Watch me.
You sure now? I bled a newborn for this. You won't find a drink that's sweeter.
The pause that refreshes --  Care for some? Smells good, doesn't it? Pungent, with just an irrepressible hint of iron.
Am I? You think the humans will ever accept a half-breed like you? They can't. They're afraid of you.  The humans fear us because we're superior. They fear us because in their hearts they know their race has become obsolete.
Oh, so it's back to pretending we're human again, is it? Spare me the Uncle Tom routine. You can't keep denying what you are. You're one of us, Blade. You always have been.
Why not? The future of our race runs through your bloodstream. You've got the best of both worlds, Blade. All of our strengths and none of our weaknesses.
It's not very effective in direct sunlight, but it's a start. The goal, of course, is to be like you, "the Day-walker".
I dabble in pharmaceuticals, medical research. We've developed a type of sun-blocker using octyl salicylate, a few others things.
Beautiful day, isn't it?
How do you like that? Right on time.
Perhaps.
Please. You and the other Elders wouldn't know what to do with these texts if your lives depended on it.  Which, of course, they do.
Someone who's sick of living off scraps. The coming age belongs to us, not the humans!  When the final war between our races comes, who do you want leading the charge?
Study him. Unlock the secrets of his DNA. He's the key we've been looking for.
Why should I respect something which has outlived its purpose?
The Day Walker represents a unique opportunity. We'd be fools to waste it by killing him.
You're wrong, Dragonetti.
I was wrong about you, Blade. You were never one of us. You're a traitor to your race.
You're wasting your breath, woman. He can't hear you now. It's the Thirst, you see? It already has him in its grip.
Why? Because we live at another species' expense? Your people farm cattle and veal, don't they? Fattening them up with steroids? It's called evolution, Doctor. Survival of the fittest.
Only as a last resort. Preserved blood is inferior. There's no flavor left to it, no life.  Fortunately, I've found a way around that particular obstacle.
What makes you think we want to be cured? Blood is only part of the equation. The hunt, the killing, that's what the Thirst is really about.
Who better to usher in the Blood Tide?
LaMagra isn't a physical being. He's a spirit, requiring a flesh and blood host in order to manifest himself.
That's right. The answers were there all along, of course, scribbled down in the forgotten languages of my kind. Waiting for someone with the patience to decipher them. My elders were foolish enough to dismiss them as wives tales. But I knew better.  Imagine my surprise when Blade turned out to be the key which would set that force free.
The Blood Tide. Our long-prophesied holy war against the humans. There's a force, you see -- a spirit that exists in our blood. I've discovered a way to invoke it.
A few thousand scattered about the globe. In the past, we've had to restrict our numbers for fear of discovery. That won't be necessary after tonight.
