I never imagined I'd be so happy to see the sun rise --  It's over, isn't it?
Yes you will. The human side of you is stronger. I know it is.
It's the only way. You know that. We'll never get out of here alive if you don't.
I know. Take some of my blood.
I'm not leaving without you.
It won't work on you.
Is it bad?
I don't know. I woke up just before you did --
Are you all right?
You make it sound like I'm already dead.
I'm just tired, that's all. We've been up all night.
Some. It's been slow --
My mother used to say that a cold heart is a dead heart.
You care about him, don't you?
Is he sick?
I made a trip to the hospital last night, borrowed some equipment.
Blade --
If you're not human, then why do you bleed like us? I've seen vampire blood, you don't have it running through your veins.
Those aren't real memories. No one has that kind of recall.
It's dark in here.
What am I injecting you with?
You're hurt --
Isn't this all a little high-tech? I thought vampires were more into cobwebs and coffins.
What is this place?
Like what?
So many of them -- I still can't believe they're real.
How can you tell?
You let him go --  An hour ago you were ready to kill a man for less, this one didn't even talk.
I know this place -- it's a blood bank.
Graffiti --
What are you looking at?
You don't know that.
Look, if what you say is true, if there's a chance I could turn into one of them, then I've got no choice, do I? I have to work with you. I need to learn everything I can about them. It's the only way I'll be able to find a cure for myself.
You can't do this, he's human, it's murder.
What are you doing?!
And that's a good thing?
Why in God's name would anyone want to work for them?
But he's a policeman --
But, he could've --
You used me as bait?!
How did you know?
That's ridiculous! No one's that powerful.
I can go to the police. I have blood samples back at the hospital. I can show them.
I can't just leave. I have a life here, a career --
And you honestly expect me to believe all this?
What happens then?
Why?
You're joking --
I'm sorry, I --
-- but then I remember what an ass-hole you were and I'm snapped back to reality.
Sometimes --
What?
You haven't started in on the internal organs?
Five minutes, not a second more. And I don't want to hear a word about "us".
I thought you promised to give me some distance?
Curtis, it's three in the morning. I'm really not in the mood for one of your practical jokes.
The red blood cells are biconvex, which is theoretically impossible. They're hypochromic, there's virtually no hemoglobin in them.  Look at the PMNs, they're binucleated, they should be mononucleated.
I don't know --  Look at this blood smear --
This isn't human blood.
Get away from him!
Blade --
You're a monster.
But you use blood banks --
There's no need for any of this. Your condition can be treated. Whistler and I were working on a cure when --
You.
LaMagra --
What happens then?
How many of you are there?
What happened to the power?
On me, yes. On Blade, I'm not so sure --  The problem is, Blade didn't contract the vampire virus from a bite like I did. He was born with it. The irony is, I could probably cure every vampire but him.
With a retrovirus. It's injected into the bone marrow cells, it causes the host's DNA to mutate. They've been using them to treat Sickle-cell anemia.
Basically you'd have to re-write the victim's DNA, alter it so that the DNA will produce proteins capable of generating hemoglobin.
Then vampirism is a genetic defect, just like Hemolytic anemia?
All right, let's start with the basics -- why do vampires need to drink blood?
I'll take my chances.
And now you're using Blade to exact your revenge?
How did you escape?
He killed them?
Why do you hunt them?
No offense, Whistler, but you're not exactly working with state of the art equipment here. You might have missed something.
What happens if he doesn't take the serum?
Why didn't you tell me the truth about him?
Whistler!
You've been listening in the whole time?
So that's it? You guys just patch me up and send me on my way?
So what do you use, then? A stake?
Who are you people?
What -- ?
