I know.  Just be quick about it, will you? Do it right.
Listen. You have to -- finish me off. You don't want me coming back.
Going somewhere?
What took you so long?
Wait.
Maybe not. I did some checking, she's a hematologist. Knowledge like that might come in handy.
I had to increase the dose. You're building up a resistance to the serum --
You should've killed her, then.
Are we bringing home strays now?
I don't know, but the back-up generator should've kicked in.
Then we're back to square one, aren't we? Sooner or later, the Thirst always wins.
How?
Their own blood can't sustain hemoglobin.
I wouldn't go in there if I were you. It's best to leave him alone when he's like this.
Frost's bodycount keeps rising, and I'm not getting any younger, am I?
I didn't. He was cruel enough to let me live.  Even gave me a souvenir to remember him by.
Eventually. He toyed with them first. He made me choose, do you understand? Which order they would die in --
I had a family once -- a wife, three daughters. Then a drifter named Deacon Frost came calling one evening --
Habit, mostly, just like this.
Which is why you're here. We could use someone with your experience.
The Thirst overcomes him, just like the others. It's not something he can control.  The problem is, time's running out. His body's starting to reject the serum. And so far, all my efforts to find a cure have ended in failure --
Blade's unique, you know. A one in a billion anomaly. He can withstand sunlight, garlic, even silver. But he still has the Thirst.
We weren't sure we could trust you.
Go on, I'll be fine!
You think I'd let him run loose without a chaperone? Blade ferrets their rat-holes out, I map them. Then we blow them all to kingdom come.
We keep in radio contact.
There is one other thing. I'd buy yourself a gun if I were you. If you start becoming sensitive to the daylight, if you start becoming thirsty regardless of much you've had to drink -- then I suggest you take that gun and use it on yourself. Better that, than the alternative.
Consider it a parting gift. Vampire mace -- silver nitrate, essence of garlic.
Some of the old wives' tales are true -- they're severely allergic to silver, various types of wood. Feed them garlic and they'll go into anaphylactic shock --
My name is Abraham Whistler.  This is Blade. As for our little homunculus here --
You've been bitten by a vampire. We've got to try and burn out the venom, just like a rattlesnake bite --
