And why not?
But you've earned a reward for your valor.  I think you should become. You'll like it here.  Once you get used to the darkness.
Oh, you won't be running for long...
Does this prove something to you? Have you made some great stand of which I'm unaware?
I could have a hundred Morlocks here in thirty seconds.
That was a foolish thing to do.
It's always the tiger for you, Alexander, haven't you learned that by now?...
If I can only find the right door... the lady or the tiger...
Now will you go?
After all you've seen... after man's entire journey... you still believe that?
She won't remember you.  None of them will.  You will be forgotten. That is how history works.
Yes.  Initiative and daring are not desirable traits in the Eloi.  But you should be happy for her.  She won't remember the creature she was.  She will... become.
When a creature shows too much independent thought we remove them from the gene pool.  We're breeding them for submission.  Soon they will be fully domesticated.
We have lost the capacity to reproduce.  But the species must continue.
Alexander, yours is a world of brocade and velvet, not tooth and claw.  Why would you come back to this?  To save a few cattle?  No.
Because the past is immutable. Frozen.  Dead... And you are the past.
Go back to where you came from.  Or die here.
And who are you, Alexander?  Who are you to question thousands of years of evolution?  This is the world now.  I am fact.
I'm afraid your indignation is lost here.  I have no more "human" response to the Eloi then you would have to a carrot.  It's just how we live now.
They survived above.  Became what they are.
As our bodies atrophied our minds... compensated.
We make them see what we wish.
And centuries later when we tried to emerge into the sun again, we couldn't.  Our adaptation was too successful.  We survived... we endured... for this.
To work the machines and build the tunnels.  You can't imagine what it was like when it all started.  We survived for millennia, scraping the lichen and microscopic organisms from the rock with our teeth and digging for water with our nails.  Endlessly.  For generations.  And we... became.
You wouldn't understand.  We genetically engineered the Morlock class to serve our needs.
No, we created the Morlocks.
Well, Alexander, as a fellow scientist I know you have a thousand questions --
What's your name?
