His home.
I'm glad.
Good night, Alex.
All right.  I'll come for dinner. And in the meantime... you'll think about what we discussed?
I pray to God that in a week you're not here.
You're dying here.  Don't you see that?!
There are trains leaving Grand Central every then minutes.  A dozen liners leaving the harbor. Get on one of them.  Go to Singapore, Scotland, Manchuria, anywhere, just away from here --
When's the last time you were outside this house --  -- or this room?
Why don't you come to our house instead?
I would.
What is it?
Alex, nothing will ever change what happened, but --
Do you find her?
It wasn't your fault, Alex.
I know that --
What happened to Emma will never go away.  It's part of you now and it always will be.  But you have to learn to live with it...
I care more about my life.  And yours.
You know that's what it is.  Mrs. Watchit tells me you're here at all hours -- day and night --
But you won't listen.  You won't see me, you won't see anyone.  What would you like me to tell Jamie? That Uncle Alex is busy?  That Uncle Alex is hiding up there in his laboratory --
There are some things I need to say to you.  You may not like hearing them, but I don't know if I'll ever get another chance --
It's my Jamie's birthday today. Your godson.  He's nine years old. At his party he asked me if Uncle Alex was coming.  I told him no. Then he asked me if you didn't like him anymore.
It hurt me, Alex.  Very much.
I came by the house every day after the funeral.  And then every week. Then every other month.  Then I stopped coming.  Did you even notice?
All these clocks -- how can you constantly be running late?!
She's gotten into your equations.
Alex, really... good luck tonight. She's a fine girl, and she's done wonderful things for you.
No, I'm all bowler hat, remember?
She made the best Shepherd's pie I ever tasted.
The most able inventor I know and you can't tie a simple four-in- hand.
How romantic...
What?
You may not like it, but this is the world we live in, Alex.  Little grey men with little grey hats.
I want my students to emerge with theoretical and practical knowledge.
Alex, this is your first year as an associate professor.  You might want to play things a little more conservatively.
You know generally teachers are supposed to teach real equations that add up to real numbers.
Tonight's the night?
Somewhere around "D+2xy something something."
Do you know you were humming?
Yes, sir.
If I might explain, sir --
Sir, if I may --
Dean Fulton...
I have no doubt of that.  I'll come by in the morning and we'll arrange it.  Goodnight, Mrs. Watchit.
I'm glad he's gone.  Maybe he's finally found a place where he can be happy.
And you've no idea where he went?
I wonder if that poor girl has any idea what she's in for?
Hello, Mrs. Watchit.  You're looking in the pink.
