Sure. Why not?
Lissen. I don't care nothin' about you, but if you mess in this, your whole fambly li'ble to get in trouble, an' Tom get sent back to the penitentiary.
*Some*body got to take the blame. They just *got* to hang it on somebody, you know.  An' I ain't doin' nothin' but set around.
Go on. Get in your tent. You don't know nothin'.
Can't tell if you hear it or not. You hear it, Tom?
Got to learn, like I'm a-learnin'. Don't know it right yet myself, but I'm tryin' to fin' out. That's why I can't ever be a preacher again. Preacher got to *know*.  I don't. I got to *ask*.
I guess that's right. Have to take a beatin' before he'll know.
But jus' the minute they ain't strike- breakin' they won't get no five!
Try an' tell 'em, Tom. They'll get two an' a half, jus' the minute we're gone. An' you know what that is? That's one ton a peaches picked an' carried for a dollar. That way you can't even buy food enough to keep you alive! Tell 'em to come out with us, Tom! Them peaches is *ripe*. Two days out an' they'll pay *all* of us five!
Well--tell the folks inside how it is, Tom. Tell 'em they're starvin' us and stabbin' theirself in the back. An' as sure as God made little apples it's goin' back to two an' a half jus' as soon as they clear us out.
I don't expeck we can las' much longer-- some a the folks ain't et for two days. You goin' back tonight?
Lookie, Tom. We come to work here. They tell us it's gonna be fi' cents. But they was a whole lot of us, so the man says two an' a half cents. Well, a fella can't even eat on that, an' if he got kids...  So we says we won't take it. So they druv us off. Now they're payin' you five--but when they bust this strike ya think they'll pay five?
No, I done my time an' got out. Come on in.
Well, if it ain't Tom Joad. How ya, boy?
What's the matter?
Hide in the willows. If it's awright to come back I'll give you four high whistles.
He seen you, Tom! You wanta be fingerprinted? You wanta get sent back for breakin' parole?
Gimme that gun. Now git outa here. Go down in them willows an' wait.
I don't know.
I'll say 'em--an' make it short.  This here ol' man jus' lived a life an' jus' died out of it. I don't know whether he was good or bad, an' it don't matter much. Heard a fella say a poem once, an' he says, "All that lives is holy." But I wouldn't pray for jus' a ol' man that's dead, because he's awright. If I was to pray I'd pray for the folks that's alive an' don't know which way to turn. Grampa here, he ain't got no more trouble like that. He's got his job all cut out for 'im--so cover 'im up and let 'im get to it.
I ain't no more a preacher, you know.
If she does it'll be a miracle outa Scripture.
What you figger to do?
I ain't no preacher anymore.
I never heard nothin' about it.
They never wrote you nothing?
Your granma was a great one, too. The third time she got religion she go it so powerful she knocked down a full-growed deacon with her fist.
Is it fur?
Shore it is. It always is, this time a year.
I'll be glad to see you pa. Last time I seen him was at a baptizin', an' he had one a the bigges' doses of the Holy Sperit I ever seen. He go to jumpin' over bushes, howlin' like a dog-wolf in moon-time. Fin'ly he picks hisself out a bush big as a piana an' he let out a squawk an' took a run at that bush. Well, sir, he cleared her but he bust his leg snap in two. They was a travellin' dentist there and he set her, an' I give her a prayin' over, but they wasn't no more Holy Sperit in your pa after that.
It don't matter. Ever since I lost the sperit it looks like I just as soon go one way as the other.  I'll go your way.
Ain't you seen your folks since then?
And you ain't ashamed?
Excuse me for asking.
No, I never. What?
Been out travelin' around?
Course I'll say grace if somebody sets out the food--  --but my heart ain't in it.  Nice drinkin' liquor.
But you wasn't a preacher. A girl was just a girl to you. But to me they was holy vessels. I was savin' their souls.  I ast myself--what *is* this call, the Holy Sperit? Maybe *that's* love. Why, I love everybody so much I'm fit to bust sometimes!  So maybe there ain't no sin an' there ain't no virtue. There's just what people do. Some things folks do is nice, and some ain't so nice. But that's as far as any man's got a right to say.
At my meetin's I used to get the girls glory-shoutin' till they about passed out. Then, I'd go to comfort 'em--and always end up by lovin' 'em. I'd feel bad, an' pray, an' pray, but it didn't do no good. Next time, do it again. I figgered there just wasn't no hope for me.
I got nothin' to preach about no more--that's all. I ain't so sure o' things.
*Used* to be. Not no more. I lost the call.  But boy, I sure *used* to have it! I'd get an irrigation ditch so squirmin' full of repented sinners I pretty near *drowned* half of 'em!  But not no more. I lost the sperit.
Well, I do declare!  I baptized you, son.
Say, ain't you young Tom Joad--ol' Tom's boy?
