Woman can change better'n a man. Man lives in jerks--baby born, or somebody dies, that's a jerk--gets a farm, or loses one, an' that's a jerk. With a woman it's all one flow, like a stream, little eddies, little waterfalls, but the river it goes right on. Woman looks at it like that.
No. Ain't ever gonna be scared no more.  I was, though. For a while I thought we was beat--*good* an' beat. Looked like we didn't have nothin' in the worl' but enemies--wasn't *no*body frien'ly anymore. It made me feel bad an' scared too--like we was lost... an' nobody cared.
Maybe. Maybe twenny days work, maybe *no* days work. We ain't got it till we get it.
I'll get Rosasharn.
Well, you ain't a-goin'! Ain't *nobody* else a-goin'! We *got* here an' we gonna *stay* here, together! As long as we got the fambly unbroke I ain't scared, but it's a long bitter road we got ahead of us--  --an' I'm here to tell ya ef anybody else tries to bust us up anymore I'm a-goin' cat wild with this here piece a bar-arn!
But ef you *do* whup me, I swear you better not ever go to sleep again, because the minute you go to sleep, or you're settin' down, or your back's turned, I'm gonna knock you belly-up with a bucket.
I never had my house pushed over before. I never had my fambly stuck out on the road. I never had to lose... ever'thing I had in life.
We're goin' to California, ain't we? Awright then, let's *go* to California.
Didn' none of these have no breakfast?
Didn' you have no breakfast?
You want to get ast to eat, hunh?
Hush!
No--an' look what I got for you.
You an' me's goin' together--jus' you an' me. We're a-goin' to that dance an' we're a-goin' to jus' set an' watch. If anybody says to come dance--why I'll say you're poorly. But you an' me, we're gonna hear the music an' see the fun.
Why, honey, it makes folks happy to see a girl that way--makes folks sort of giggly an' happy.
I know, honey, an' just as soon as we get settled Al's gonna set out an' look for him. How 'bout gas, Tommy?
Stand by the door.
Anybody ask anything?
This got a floor. Wouldn't leak when it rains.
Why, sure. It won't be so bad once we get her washed out.
Maybe that's jus' what he done.
No. No, it don't. I can't do that. I can't let m'self. All I can do is see how soon they gonna wanta eat again. They'd all get upset if I done anymore 'n that. They all depen' on me jus' thinkin' about that.  That's my part--that an' keepin' the fambly together.
Sometimes. A little. Only it ain't scairt so much. It's just waitin' an' wonderin'. But when sump'n happens that I got to do sump'n--  --I'll do it.
They use' to be a sayin': A chile born outa sorrow'll be a happy chile. An' another: Born outa too much joy'll be a doleful boy. That's the way I always heard it.
Well, can't nobody get through nine *months* without sorrow.
Now don't you go gettin' nimsy-mimsy.
I know. Maybe that makes us tough. Rich fellas come up an' they die, an' their kids ain't no good, an' they die out. But we keep a-comin'. We're the people that live. Can't nobody wipe us out. Can't nobody lick us. We'll go on forever, Pa. We're the people.
She'll be awright.
Don't matter. Just got to go--an' keep a-goin', till we get plenty a distance away from here.
They charge extry at the comp'ny store but they ain't no other place.
Sump'n got to happen soon. We got one day's more grease, two day's flour, an' ten potatoes. After that...  An' Rosasharn, we got to remember she's gonna be due soon.
Pa! Shh!
Connie's gone.  Lit out this e'enin'--said he didn't know it was gonna be like this.
Sassy my foot! I'm jus' sick and tar'd a my folks tryin' to bust up. All we got lef' in the *worl'* is the fambly--an' right down at bottom that's all we *got* to have! Ef some of us dies, we can't he'p that--but ain't nobody else runnin' away!
Al ain't a-goin' away, an' you gonna *tell* him he ain't a-goin' away.  An' if you think diff'unt, you gotta whup me first. So some on.
You'll *what*?... Come on, Pa. Come on an' whup me. Jus' try it.
You don't know *no* girls around here. You're lyin', *You're runnin' away*!
Go get Tom an' Al.  I dunno what to do. I got to feed the fambly. What'm I gonna do with these here?
Good-by, Tommy.
Good-by, Tom. Later--when it's blowed over--you'll come back? You'll try to fin' us?
I don't understan' it, Tom.
Then what, Tom?
How'm I gonna know 'bout you? They might kill you an' I wouldn't know. They might hurt you. How'm I gonna know?
You don't aim to kill nobody, Tom!
Tommy, they'll drive you, an' cut you down like they done to Casy.
He was a good man.
Awright, Tommy. What you figger you gonna do?
I could hide you, Tommy.
It had to come, I reckon, soon or later.
Girl with a baby *always* gets prettier.
What is it?
It's jus' till we get some distance. Then you can come out.
Comes night we'll get outa here.
Tom! They's a whole lot I don't understan', but goin' away ain't gonna ease us.  They was the time when we was on the lan'. They was a bound'ry to us then. Ol' folks died off, an' little fellas come, an' we was always one thing-- we was the fambly--kinda whole an' clear. But now we ain't clear no more. They ain't nothin' keeps us clear. Al--he's a-hankerin' an' a- jibbitin' to go off on his own. An' Uncle John is just a-draggin' along. Pa's lost his place--he ain't the head no more. We're crackin' up, Tom. They ain't no fambly now. Rosasharn--  --she gonna have her baby, but *it* ain't gonna have no fambly. I been tryin' to keep her goin' but--Winfiel'-- what's he gonna be, this-a-way? Growin' up wild, an' Ruthie, too-- like animals. Got nothin' to trus'. Don't go Tom. Stay an' help. Help me.
It's awright, Tommy. I wisht you didn't do it, but you done what you had to do. I can't read no fault in you.
They know he got hit in the face.
That ain't the way they're tellin' it. They're sayin' you done it fust.
Folks ain't talkin' about much else. They say they got posses out. Talkin' about a lynchin'--when they catch the fella.
Looks like you done it.
How's it feel, Tommy?
You be careful, Tommy. Don't you be stickin' your nose in anything.
Well, tomorra you'll get in a full day--full day's pay--an' we'll have plenty.
No. That's all. You made a dollar, an' that's a dollar's worth.
You know, I jus' can't remember when I felt so good before!
Fust thing I'll get is coffee, cause ever'body been wantin' that, an' then some flour an' bakin' powder an' meat. Better not get no side- meat right off. Save that for later. Maybe Sat'dy. Got to get some soap too. An' milk. Rosasharn's got to have some milk.
You gotta keep clear, Tom. The fambly's breakin' up. You *got* to keep clear.
You promised, Tommy.
Tom--you tol' me--you promised you wasn't like that. You promised me.
On a gallon a gas?  Let's set up the tent. Maybe I can fix us up some stew.
I was afraid they'd stop us an' wouldn't let us cross. But I tol' Granma. I tol' her when she was dyin'. I tol' her the fambly had ta get acrost. I tol' her we couldn't take no chances on bein' stopped.
Since before they stopped us las' night.
Granma's dead.
No.
Thank God!  An' we're still together-- most of us.
Ya say we're acrost?
Maybe they got crimes in California we don't know about. Crimes we don't even know *is* crimes.
Your pa tol' me you didn't ought to cross it if you're paroled. Says they'll send you up again.
And they's some coffee here. I could fix him a cup...
Wait. There's a half a bottle a soothin' sirup here.  It put the chillun to sleep.
I'm ready.
Thank God. I--I don't want no mean son
Sometimes they do somethin' to you, Tommy. They hurt you--and you get mad--and then you get mean--and they hurt you again--and you get meaner, and meaner--till you ain't no boy or no man any more, but just a walkin' chunk a mean-mad. Did they hurt you like that, Tommy?
Sometimes they do.
We *got* to, Tommy. But that's gonna be awright. I seen the han'bills, about how much work they is, an' high wages, too. But I gotta fin' out somepin' else first, Tommy.  Did they hurt you, son? Did they hurt you an' make you mean-mad?
I was so scared we was goin' away without you--and we'd never see each other again.
Thank God. Oh thank God.  Tommy, you didn't *bust* out, didya? You ain't got to hide, have you?
