Have it your own way, son, but just as sure as you touch my house with that cat I'm gonna blow you plumb to kingdom come.
But this is *my land*, son. Don't you understand?
Then what are you doin' this kind a thing for--against your own people?
I don't think so. One come out here once an' I clipped him from behin' with a fence stake. They ain't bothered since.
All you got to do is lay down an' watch.
You're *trespassin'*! It ain't you lan' no more! An' that's the supr'tendant--with a gun!
Listen!  That's them! Them lights! Come on, we got to hide out!
The rest of my fambly set out for the west--there wasn't nothin' to eat--but I couldn't leave. Somepin' wouldn't let me. So now I just wander around. Sleep wherever I am. I used to tell myself I was lookin' out for things, so when they come back ever'thing would be all right. But I knowed that wan't true. There ain't nothin' to look out for. And ain't nobody comin' back. They're gone-- and me, I'm just an 'ol graveyard ghost--that's all in the world I am.
What was the use. He was right. There wasn't a thing in the world I could do about it.
They come. They come and pushed me off.
Some say I am.  You want to hear what happened?
Listen!  That's some of what done it--the dusters. Started it, anyway. Blowin' like this, year after year--blowin' the land away, blowin' the crops away, blowin' us away now.
Ever'body got to get off. Ever'body leavin', goin' to California. My folks, your folks, ever'body's folks.  Ever'body but me. I ain't gettin' off.
Gone--  --over to your Uncle John's. The whole crowd of 'em, two weeks ago. But they can't stay there either, because John's got *his* notice to get off.
They gone.
Tommy?
Well, I'm right here to tell you, mister, ain't *nobody* going to push me off *my* land! Grampa took up this land seventy years ago. My pa was born here. We was *all* born on it, and some of us got killed on it, and some died on it. And that's what makes it ourn--bein' born on it, and workin' it, and dyin' on it--and not no piece of paper with writin' on it! So just come on and try to push me off!
Then who *do* we shoot?
Who's the Shawnee Land and Cattle Comp'ny?
You mean get off my own land?
But we couldn't *do* on any less'n what our share is now.  The chillun ain't gettin' enough to eat as it is, and they're so ragged we'd be shamed if ever'body else's chillun wasn't the same way.
