Be glad to get my han' on some cotton. That's the kin' a pickin' I understan'.
Let 'er go, Gallagher!
Leave him alone, Ma--Al's just billy- goatin' around--
I never knowed they was anything like her!
Reckon we better begin roustin' 'em out if we aim to get outa here by daylight. How about it, John? How you boys comin'?
Put somepin' over him, so he won't git sun-struck.  Ever'body set now?  Awright, Al, letta go!
Easy, *easy!* You wanta bust his head wide open? Pull his arms, John.
Now listen, Grampa. Listen to me, just a minute.
But you can't *do* that, Grampa. This here land is goin' under the tractor. We *all* got to git out.
What you mean you ain't goin'? We *got* to go. We got no place to stay.
Maybe, but we shore takin' a beatin'.
Make her easy, John. Watch her.
Know where we're a-goin'?
That!
It sure is hell jus' tryin' to get enough to eat.
How come I got to shh? Run out, didn't he?
Glad to get shet of him. Never was no good an' never will be--
Jus' sassy, that's all.
I never *seen* her so sassy.  An' she ain't so young, neither!
Now don't get sassy, Ma.
Cut it out, Ma, or I'll--
How 'bout it?
Well, give me two then, ma'am.
There, them stripy ones.
I don't wanta rob you, ma'am.
Would you--could you see your way to cuttin' off ten cents worth?
I shore would like to do that, ma'am, but the fack is, we ain't got but a dime for it. It's all figgered out, I mean--for the trip.
I know, ma'am... on'y it's for a ole lady, no teeth, gotta sof'n it with water so she can chew it, an' she's hongry.
Could you see your way clear to sell us a loaf of bread, ma'am.
We gonna stay, ain't we?
No. I'm jus' gonna set awhile an' then go to bed.
You wouldn't think jus' reachin' up an' pickin'd get you in the back.
I ain't got nothin' in *my* han'.
Ya know, you're the second fella talked like that. I'd like to hear some more about that.
I shore would like to stop here a while an' give her some res' but we on'y got 'bout forty dollars left. I won't feel right till we're there an' all workin' an' a little money comin' in.
How's Granma since we got her in the tent?
Not be so lonesome, either, knowin' his name is there with 'im, not just' a old fella lonesome underground.
Here we go!
Can't tie him. Either we'll hurt him or he'll git so mad he'll hurt his self.  Reckon we could git him *drunk*?
Sol' things, chopped cotton--even Grampa. Got us about two hunnerd dollars all tol'. Shucked out seventy- five for this truck, but we still got nearly a hunnerd and fifty to set out on. I figger we oughta be able to make it on that.
That's Connie Rivers with her. They're married now.  She's due about three-four months.
But what does *that* prove?
But what about this?
Whatta you think you're talkin' about? I got a han'bill here says good wages, an' I seen it in the papers they need pickers!
We gonna take whatever they got.
