And now these three remain: faith, hope and love. But the greatest of these is love.  Who gives this girl in marriage?
Yeah, you know you home, old man. You just walked through the door.
Heard about this morning.
I just know how you get. Good to know, them butterflies still in ya gut.
What? I called Bojo, like you say. Called up the fellas in the band...
Then what?
You believe He wants this? A woman chained to ya radiator?
Gotta get that chain off her, Laz. Somethin' like this gets out, you could land in a heap of trouble.
Mm. MM. Now these eggs got some kick to it. What'chu got in this?
This all looks wonderful.
Pass them potatoes, Lincoln.
One thing at a time, Laz.
You mean with you and that woman chained to ya radiator?
THIS IS HOW YOU HANDLING IT? THIS IS HOW YOU HANDLING IT?
What's that chain around her for?
You say she was beat on. You call the sheriff on that?
Laz, I know about that girl.  Good number of this town's sinners got my ear, you know.  Oh, Laz. She's had a mess of crabs and them STD's. What'chu thinking?
A naked woman, chained in ya house?
Are you outta ya GODDAMN MIND?
Or what?
Ain't gonna be moved?
You sayin' that gun's for me if I don't?
Goin' dove huntin'?
Somethin' wrong with ya phone? Been callin' the last few days.
You get a call from Rose?
Why's his britches round his knees?
Was that Lincoln James I seen run off?
He knows where ya at. Just answer the door if he come knockin'.
I think you did alright by God under the circumstances.  Your people are here for you, Laz. This is your home. No shame in showing your face.
Bojo called. Said you got to see your brother at the long end of a broken bottle.
That kind of talk is between us. Don't you go in there with that shit on your tongue.
You ain't gonna make a fuss, are you?  Nothing a man can do when a woman make up her mind.
Rae, look at Ronnie. And tell him how you feel.
I'm gonna tell you somethin', and it's just gonna be between you and me.  I think folks carry on about heaven too much. Like it's some all-you-can- eat buffet up in the clouds. And folks just gonna do as they're told so they can eat what they want behind some pearly gates. I can go to Shoney's for that.
What's on your mind?
You could put it that way.
That's right.
So he got it into his head that the only thing gonna keep you from endin' up bleedin' on the side of the road again, without a stitch of clothing on is...  You think he's crazy for thinkin' that?
I gotta ask you. Why do you think Laz is keepin' you chained like this?
