I'm fine.  Nice TV.
So Suzie and Sandra Van Ryan were half- sisters.
Suzie.  Then you're not her grandmother...
And the child...
Was there ever any kind of investigation...
She still work there?
Actually, I was wondering if I might ask you about Ray Duquette.
I was wondering if I could ask you a few questions.
What if something distracts it and it snaps anyway?
Try, Kelly.
You mean he withdrew...
Then what?
Did you try to fight him?
He was large?
That's okay, Kelly.  You're doing fine.  But I have to ask you something here. When you say it hurt.  Was this the first time a man was inside you?
Was there penetration?  Did he put himself inside you?
I understand.
Take your time.
I know you do.
How are you, Kelly? Would you like to take a break for a minute?
Suzie?
You could tell me where you were last night.
Ray thinks she was murdered.
She didn't cone home last night.  We found her car at the bus terminal, but nothing to suggest she bought a ticket.
Suzie Toller is missing.
Weren't you a little worried about her...?
Did you call anyone?  Did you call her house to see if she got home?  Did you call the Masons?
And when you turned her toward the door, where did you expect her to go, without a car?
I'd like that.
It's Homicide's job now, Ray, let 'em do it.  I'll tell you something else, there's more to this story than you know, Ray... If Suzie is dead, I think Hunter may be on the right track...
He's leaving the country.  And I don't give a shit.
I'm tired, Ray.  I'm going home.
And if the teeth aren't Suzie's?  You'll give this up?
Ray, you heard him...
We don't know that, Ray...
Her grandmother said she'd been threatening to run away.  And I found the car at the Miami bus terminal.
Where's the body?
Two kids could've gotten into a fight, lost a couple of teeth.
If you want company...
You have someplace to be?
Ray.  We don't know anything yet.  She could be anywhere...
We all have...
You could say that.
Which she might have saved, if she hadn't set out to destroy the man's life.
Where'd you come up with this stuff, anyway?
Eliminate the competition.
This one's got you working overtime, hasn't it?
So what about the girls?  Suzie's poor, but why would Kelly have to steal from her own mother?  Surely her father...
Why?  You ask me, Lombardo had it pretty good already, nice job in a beautiful setting, popular, an active social life.  He's gonna put this all on the line for some dicey play like what you're describing...
Unless what?
Maybe Lombardo's attorney was saving the affair for the trial.
Lombardo's settlement?
That's what they called it when I was in Juvenile.  It's a pretty dismal place.
You mean Camp Sixty-Nine.
The skinny brunette.
You can go up to one of those trees and peel the bark.  You know what you get? More bark.  And more bark.  There's no core.  Tree's not good tar anything but sucking up water.  And now they can't get rid of them.  They've tried poisons. Nothing works.  They don't die.
All I'm saying is, we let Sandra Van Ryan push us too hard, we're going to wind up looking stupid.
We failed to mention the mower guy's a drunk, that he was after more beer and never really saw Kelly go into the house, so he can't say how long she was in there.  Same with the kids.  They saw her running down the street, but that's it.  With no physical evidence, what do we have?  Her word against his.
Same as him.  They saw her come.  They saw her go.  They saw him follow.
Hunter's making it our job because Sandra Van Ryan's got a bug up his ass. You know that as well as I do.  We're gonna trash this guy's life and I keep asking myself if it's really necessary.
All I'm saying is, I think we should go slow here.
Back to the land of grownups.
What was that?
At that point were you able to fight him off?
Did he come in with you?
So you were alone.
And when he arrived at your house, was anyone there?
He dropped Jimmy off first?
We need to tape the interview, Suzie. No one will see it but us.  Now when was this, that Mr. Lombardo gave you the ride?
Why is that?
That bothers you?
You know what that will mean for Lombardo.
I worked Juvenile in Dade County for three years.  We had a missing persons on Kelly Van Ryan for two weeks... Maybe a year ago... The family kept it out of the papers.
That doesn't make him a child rapist.  There's something else.  This girl's had some problems.  Wrecked a couple of her mom's cars.  Ran away...
I think she's acting.  I think she set it up to be alone with him because she wanted him to come on to her.  I think maybe she's upset that he didn't...
