Second you get something on those teeth, I want it
What about the blood?
The teeth doin' any talkin'?
How soon can we get something?
The blood type on the rocks matches Suzie's.
Where's Lombardo?
If I'm wrong about those teeth -- it's a promise.
Stick with me on this Gloria.  I need you...
What if I'm right, Gloria?  What if I'm right and Hunter's wrong?  What do you do if you see a bad thing coming?
Will you do me one favor?
Poor dumb Suzie, she never had a chance.
You don't think Sam could've put it there?
The swamp, most likely... Lombardo's a swamp rat, knows the body will never be found there.  But he's made a mistake.
Those are Suzie Toller's teeth.
Just check out the car.
I'm gonna take you back to the office. Will you put out a call on Suzie's car for me?
It's starting, Gloria.  This is how it begins...
I mean something bad, Gloria, something bad you saw coning, and you didn't do anything, and then it happened.  I did that once.  I don't want to do it again.
Were you ever in a situation where you could see a thing coming and you didn't do what you could to stop it?
Guess I kind of lost it there.
What?  You wouldn't go after some guy you thought raped your daughter?  Cone on.  She bought the same story we did...
I net a guy in a bar.
You got it.  The rich got richer.  While the saps like Lombardo went belly-up in the swamp.
I flat don't like the guy, Glory.  He's dirty.  And I'll tell you something else.  You want to know how old man Lombardo lost his money?  He was fucked out of it by old man Van Ryan, on a little item known as the Salt Creek Land Deal.  It was after the war.  Van Ryan set up a corporation to develop swamp land, got investors like Lombardo to put up money, then turned around and got the state to declare the area an ecological preserve, on the sly, of course, but everyone knew it was him.  The freeway went to the coast, right where Van Ryan wanted it.
Her father didn't leave her squat.  The kid's got money in trust from her grandfather, but she can't touch that till her mother dies and Sandra seems to have the idea that Kelly ought to learn the value of a buck.
The job looks okay to us.  But look at it from his point of view.  The man's surrounded by wealth and privilege.  But for him... it's just a reminder of what should have been his.
They chumped us, Gloria, right from the start.
Unless you're setting up Sandra Van Ryan for the big payday.
I thought of that.  Then I said, come on, you're Lombardo.  Your reputation is getting trashed.  You want to stop the bleeding.  You don't want to sit in jail for three months.  Unless...
Think back, before the suit was filed, before the trial.  Lombardo had an affair with Sandra, right?  So why not tell us about the affair?  I mean it could be a hell of a motive for Kelly to fabricate her charge in the first place.
You saw the news today?
It's a shithole.  But she was dirty, what was I gonna do?
This is where she lives.  She wants to talk.  Beats the shit out of me why she would call me at all.  I busted her once for possession.  she wound up doing about six months at Camp Nine.
You remember that little girl walked out of our talk at Blue Bay?
Yeah, well, Van Ryan got his.  I don't imagine he gives a shit now.
You're telling me you believe the guy?
Still doesn't explain why he couldn't catch up with her.  I mean how long does it take to put on a shirt?
It's our job, Gloria.
That would make it about the time of her old man's suicide.  You don't think that could explain some erratic behavior?
I've got that two o'clock in town.
The teeth, were they...
She looked shaky, but lucid.  I thought, I would just go with her, stand at the door...  I think I looked away.  A split second. Then, bingo.  Just like that.  She puts a knee into my groin.  There was this coffee table between us and the wall.  She got one foot on that thing and launched herself at the gun case.  Thing had a glass door.  I could hear it breaking.  I didn't go down, but she slowed me up, just enough.  Before I could get to her, she'd turned on me with this small caliber handgun.  I yelled at her to put it down.  She got off a shot.  I took it in the shoulder.  I... I had no choice. I returned fire.  Two rounds, I think. In the chest.
I told her I was coming with her.  She nodded, like she understood.  We stood up together.
Bit, scratched.  But I had her pinned. She calmed down.  I was going to cuff her... She said she thought she was going to be sick.  She asked to use the bathroom.
I told Kelly Van Ryan she was under arrest for conspiracy and murder.  I did her rights.
I fucked up.  I lost control of the situation, the one thing they train you for... God, what did I do?
Kelly's next, Gloria.
You think this is just about money, about us looking foolish?  Question him. You're gonna find a stone cold manipulative psychopath.  And those girls are going to wind up dead...
I don't believe I'm hearing this.  A month ago you were pulling these two apart at the courthouse.  They were acting.  They were all acting, from the beginning.  And we bought it, hook, line and sinker... And now they're home free with six million of Sandra Van Ryan's money.
You heard Kelly say "Sam."  That was Lombardo on the phone.  And you saw the girls...
We've got three.  Guy mowing his yard, couple of kids playing hoops.
Not that stuff about her running away, him trying to find her.  That's bullshit.
Or maybe she thought that was what she wanted and she got a little more than she bargained for...
Way I hear it, he was pretty tight with the kids, one of the guys...
I say something funny?
Lombardo ever come out here?
You and Suzie used to come out here together?
I'm not on your property!
Am I right, did Sam sell you on the idea right up front, of whacking Suzie? That's murder, Kelly.
I've been a cop for a while, Kelly.  It's hard enough for one person to keep a secret, let alone three.  And then there's the love angle.  I mean do you and Sam really want that little pill-head around, now that you have the money?
The thing about it is, threesomes so rarely work out.
You all gonna go down to the Caribbean together?
Curiosity, I guess.
Suzie Toller is dead.  You don't want Kelly to be next, then take my advice. Stay out of my way.
I'm placing your daughter under arrest.
Where is she?
Detective Duquette, Ms. Van Ryan.  Let me in.  Now.
You're saying that Kelly was raped by Sam Lombardo.
Sam, for godsake.
You... I should've killed you myself. should never have left it up to him...
That's right.  That was his name.
Don't you see what this means?  You really think Sam and Kelly are gonna give you a third of the money?  You, the pill-head with the rap sheet?
Suzie, Suzie... This is me, Ray, you're talking to.  We both know you don't have shit, never have had shit, never will have shit...
Is that what you think?  You have friends?  Is that what they told you?
You, Kelly, Sam.
Every triangle I've ever seen never lasts.  Somebody's got to go.
Well, you're half right.  Best thing you could do for yourself right now would be to talk to me.
Yeah, they're bad for your health.  I'm tryin' to look out for you...
You ought to watch it with that shit, Suzie.  You get busted again, you go back in a two-tine loser.
It doesn't look like it.
No.
So Suzie, you called us, remember?
Meet my partner, Gloria Perez.
That how you planned it?  You take cut Suzie, get me to hang it on Kelly, then dump me in the ocean...
Yeah, or get me drowned.
I thought this was supposed to be a vacation.  Why didn't you buy a nice big power boat?
You mean this thing?
Did you become squeamish about these things before or after you bludgeoned little Suzie Toller to death with a wine bottle?  Jesus, man. It couldn't have worked out better. They're convinced Kelly whacked Suzie. I can't talk 'em out of it.  We should be celebrating.  This thing worked out just like you said, only better.
Hey, what did you want me to do, die?
The bitch shot me, is what happened.
Sit down, Lombardo.
With a thirty-five inch bustline in a wet T-shirt with no bra...
But you do admit to touching her, to putting your arm around her.  Isn't that against the rules?
But she ran away.
And she began to cry.  And you put an arm around her.
But you can't tell us what she wanted to talk about.
And she wanted to talk.
In cutoffs, a wet T-shirt.
The one you bought at school.
Why don't you tell us one more time, how Kelly came to be with you, alone in your house.
