Understand, I had help-
Very well, the job's still yours, I'll go. But if I have to return, you're finished. And I will then do everything I can to destroy your reputation. Am I not fair?  Told you you'd hate me.
I'm going to try and locate Redbeard- I assume you've heard of him.
Let me explain about time- you've been here three months and already two months behind. And the Germans and the French are gearing up. And I don't care about you and I don't care about the thirty dead- I care about my knighthood and if this railroad finishes on schedule, I'll get my knighthood and I want it.  Professional hunters may be the answer.
I made a mistake hiring you- you're simply not up to the job.
And it worked?
Are you running a high fever, man? How could you expect something as lunatic as this to succeed? How could you even conceive of it?
Genius- the beast will enter, tripping the wire, the door will slide down, trapping him, you, safe behind the bars, will have him at your mercy and will shoot him.
This is supposed to be salvation?  What kind of idiocy are we dealing with here?
What have they done besides kill Starling?  How many have they killed?
-what's the surprise in that, this is Africa?
Well, I need to speak to him.
Awhile back he ordered some bibles-  -I've brought them.  Is he here?
I do need to see Starling.
But overall, you're pleased?
So work must be going well?
Lovely sound- they seem happy.
How could it be? I hate Africa.
Very moving, Patterson; I'm touched you confided in me.  But I don't really give a shit about your upcoming litter. I've made you with this assignment-  -don't make me break you.
You'll need your confidence, I promise you.
You've never built in Africa.
-build the bridge over the Tsavo river. And be finished in four months time. Can you do that?
Games?  Look at me closely, Patterson: I am a monster. My only pleasure is tormenting people who work for me, such as yourself.  One mistake and I promise you this: I'll make you hate me.
John Henry Patterson, come in. I'm Robert Beaumont.  Firm- I like that, tells me a lot about you-  -now why don't you tell me about me? To get you started, many people find me handsome, with a wonderful smile. I'm sure you agree.  Winning personality, heaps of charm?
