-careful, Abdullah-
I wasn't and you know it and don't push it- just listen- we have a problem in Tsavo-
-that's ridiculous talk and you can't seriously believe it-
Morning, friend, glorious day.
You think so? Fine.  It's best you get out. Go. Tell all your people to go, run home where they'll be safe under the covers and when the bridge is built and the railroad is done, they can tell their women that out of all the thousands who worked here, they were the only ones to flee-
He sees this chaos, he'll replace you all.
You think you matter?  -Beaumont is on that train- he matters-
-oh, sing a different song, Abdullah-  -there's nothing wrong with your men so stop telling me there is-
There is no reason for fear.
Let me see the sick.
You were contracted to work-
-not a time for modesty, Bob-
Every man who's ever fired a rifle has heard of him- by the time you find him, the lions will be dead.
All they'll bring is more chaos and we've plenty of that already- and if they come in, word will get out- and what happens to your knighthood then?
You genuinely enjoy trying to terrify people, don't you? Well, fine-  -except there isn't a higher rated engineer and we both know that. And since time is so important to you, how long do you think it would take to find someone else qualified and bring him here?
What?
In point of fact, it didn't.  But I'm convinced the theory is sound.
I didn't conceive of it for the lions- I built one in India when there was trouble with a tiger.
In that half will be bait- human bait- I'll start things off-  -a sliding door will fit above that and a trip wire will run across the floor.
I'm calling it my "contraption"- we're going to surround it with a boma- a fence, to you- and we're going to leave a small opening opposite that door.
It hasn't been that simple so far.
It's what the natives are calling the lions-  -two lions have been causing trouble-
Yes he is.
Starling?
Truthfully?  There has been the occasional odd hiccup- but then, as you so wisely told me, I'd never built in Africa.
Don't they, though?
Pleasant journey?
You won't have the chance.  Any further words of encouragement?  Then I've a train to catch.
I've got a reason far beyond confidence: my wife is having our firstborn in five months and I promised I'd be with her when the baby comes.
But I have in India- every country presents problems.
I'm sure you've examined my record. So you know I've never yet been late on a bridge.
My wife is the game player in the family, sir.
You don't enjoy killing, do you?
Karim will have to show me where it happened. And of course, I'll need the donkey.  With any luck, I'll sort it out tonight.
Then why do you stay?
I am desperate to see Africa- but I hate the leaving.
What if there are complications?-
-well, it's just...  ...other men don't abandon their wives at such a time-
It was embarrassing- the man showered me with compliments.
We're not much good at goodbyes, Helena.
-well, of course he kept moving- but he couldn't have been more than ten feet away from the three of you- surely you must have wounded the thing-
Not once?- you didn't hit it once?-
All right- you'll spend your nights inside.  You'll have plenty of ammunition. You're totally protected, you have really nothing to fear.
Very good indeed.
You mean nobody died?
But it's crazy- the lion shouldn't be that hungry this soon.  Samuel?
Second death? Where?-
That's what the books say...
I'll try- but this feels so different- that old lion I killed could never carry off a man Singh's size.
Nigel, you'll just have to use your hands-
In your honor, Nigel. And you and Singh will be in charge of building them- and you'll also build the roadbeds and the three foundation pillars- and you'll be finished in eight thrilling weeks.
All right- thee second embankment will go there.
Possibly.
How lucky we are.
-true enough- but without the comedy relief.
So that's what a lion looks like.
Not to terrify you, Nigel, but it's worse than you think- I've never even seen one.
What?
-you'll have to deal with it, Nigel.
Shhh.
I'd love the company. And I've hunted all my life.
Might be exciting for you.
We know three things about man-eaters. First, they always return to where they've attacked before. Second, they're always old- they can't catch other animals so they turn to us. And third, they're always alone- they've been cast out by their pride because they can't keep up.
Well, he put me in a spot, didn't he? But that's all right- after all, I'm responsible for everything that happens here. And it certainly won't do much for morale if a man-eater's on the prowl.
And anxious to get started.  What is this, mostly malaria?
Excellent. Could I see the bridge site?
Does he speak English?
Have you got that in writing?
Beaumont says it's to end slavery.
Almost three hours.  But I've been getting ready all my life.
Just that they fart through their mouths.  Must make kissing something of a gamble.
The females are bigger- only animal here like that- have to be or they wouldn't survive because the males eat the young.
He just gave me his "monster" speech.
Actually, I could have done it much more easily without you, but for whatever reason, I'm glad you came.
I never thought I'd say this, but I'm glad you came.
How many do you think they've killed?
Why?
You think they'll come then?  Why?
Was that supposed to make me feel better?
I'll have to.
I'll be bait alone?
They're used to people in trees, not in a clearing.  It may be tight.
Where could it have gone? How could it get across the water?  They're only lions, yes?
Their den?  Have you ever seen anything like this?
What happened to them?
You just got hit.  The getting up is up to you- but they're only lions-  -and I'm going after them crack of dawn...
But of course yours worked.
Goddammit!
Have you ever failed?
...don't know...
...misfire... it jammed...
It was probably luck- I'd rather you did the shooting.
I can try.
Have you got it?
That's very considerate.
Somehow I guessed.
Actually, no.
We need to talk.
Got me out of trouble.
I didn't have a chance to thank you.
It's all right, Samuel- we all get hit-
Where is it?
He has children?
I feel the same about the bridge. This country certainly didn't ask for it, doesn't need it.
Thank you.  Why does he need you by him?
You've known him long?
You like him, don't you?
I have to ask- why do you need me?
I do, actually; very much.
I expect so- it's from my wife.
Thank you, Samuel.
Look out, Samuel, here it comes.
Fine. Get started. And a strict curfew- no one allowed out at night.  Send half your men to the bridge, the rest with these two.  And I'm sorry for my tone earlier. But I repeat- there is no reason for fear. I will kill the lion and I will build the bridge.
Nonsense.
What are they looking at?
Clearly you don't agree about building the railroad?
This is more difficult-
The workers don't get on?
It's all wonderfully under control, Samuel- you've done a splendid job.
Why do the workers look unhappy?
