-please- you needn't be so graphic-
A man-eater attacks and you're such a buffoon you almost forget to mention it?
You never had it.
We all worked together. Worthy deeds were accomplished. I liked the labor.  My mother insisted on piano lessons- broke the dear woman's heart when I turned out to be tone deaf- but she still was always at me about being careful with my hands.  I like the blood, is that strange?
What a good week.
-far end of camp- man wandering alone at night. Hawthorne's examining the body now.  There's even less of him than of Singh.
But you said they were always old.
John, it will not be easy.
You do plan to mark it a bit more precisely than just-  -"there."
Aren't we full of ourselves today?  I think it's because of the lion.
With much more on the way-  -John- we could have had this chat on flatter ground-
...one shot...
Since you'd only been here three hours when we met, are you sure this is how you hunt lions?
John? I know this isn't the time to ask, but-
That is precisely my plan- but back in my tent.
I'm sure you mean that to be comforting, but-
I hate to be a bother, John, but the cramp's getting worse.  The pain is actually quite unbearable now.
Well, why not? You seem so calm and experienced.  Why not, indeed!
I've never been all that adventurous. I wouldn't be in the way?
I don't suppose I could watch.
You said "of course" you'd need the donkey. Why "of course"?
I couldn't believe it when you said "sort it out." As if it were the most normal thing in the world. "Ho-hum, what lovely tea, I think I'll bag a killer beast this evening, nothing much else going on anyway."
Yes- but their suffering is only transitory- once they except God into their hearts, He will vanquish all pain.
Finish your tour?
I've got medical supplies to deliver. Come along to the hospital when you're done.
Samuel is camp liaison- absolutely indispensable- the only man here everyone trusts.
We all have our reasons. Mine is simply to make them understand happiness, accept salvation, know the serenity that comes-  -best I stop. One of the by-products of my belief is that I can become amazingly boring. But I know God smiles on me.
Every time I see something like that, I know we're right to be here- to bring Christianity into their lives, enrich their souls.
I've lived in Africa a year and I don't know what you know. How long have you been here?
Anything special about them?
Don't much like them.
That. I know Robert seems dreadful, but when you truly get to know the man, well, he's much worse.  And I'm one of his defenders.  Forget him for now- it's your first ride to Tsavo- I think you'll find it breathtaking.
Many thanks.  You're Patterson, yes?  Nigel Starling- I'll be assisting you at Tsavo- but surely Beaumont must have told you that.
