You wanta wait for your share?
You beat him, kid.
Ain't nothin' gonna make up for Luther, kid.  Revenge is for suckers.  I been griftin' 30 years and never got any.
Seems worthwhile, doesn't it? Maybe it's just for the cave-in on Lonnegan's face when we put in the sting.
I better do some packin'.  I'm gonna be a hot number again after tomorrow.
Two or three hundred I guess. Sometimes played two a day when I was in Shea's mob.  We had it down to a business.  'Course Chicago was a right town then.  The fix was in.  The dicks took their end without a beef.  All the Wall Street boys wanted to make investments for us.  Even had marks looking us up, thinkin' they could beat the game.  Yeh, kid, it really stunk.  No sense in bein' a grifter if it's the same as bein' a citizen.
Take it easy, you won't lose him now.  We had him 10 years ago when he decided to be somebody.  Believe me, I've seen enough to know.
Luther always told me to bite my toenails when I get nervous.  You see yourself doin' that and you realize it ain't worth it.
What's the matter, kid?  You're not sayin' much.
Christ, they'll probably miss you and hit me.
You just won't learn, will ya. Hell, you come in here, I teach you stuff maybe five guys in this world know, stuff most grifters couldn't do even if they knew it, and all you wanna do is run down a bullet.  You're just like all them new jerks. Lotsa nerve and no brains.  And ten years from now when me and the others are through and you dumb guys are all dead there won't be one gee left who knows the Big Con was anything more than a way to make a livin'.
You know how easy it'd be for one of Lonnegan's guys to nail you?
You can't play your friends like marks, Hooker.
Then why'd ya move outa your room?
Well you found him again and we're gonna have to do somethin' about it. What else haven't ya been tellin' me?
Why didn't you tell me about Snyder before?
He'll show.
Did he say he wouldn't?
Did he hold you up on anything?
Hell, they don't do that and you know you're not gettin' through to 'em.
And?
How 'bout Lonnegan?
You know, somebody tailin' ya.  A torpedo or somethin'.
No signs of trouble?
Everything go all right?
Well we got some workin' money anyway.
You just worry about your end, kid.
Let him wait.
Neither are we.
If I can find a mob that'll risk it. But no matter what happens, I don't want you comin' back to me halfway through and sayin' it's not enough... cause it's all you got.
Right down to my socks, turkey.  If I'da been half as scared a that lop-ear, I wouldn't a fallen asleep on 'em.  Lonnegan might kill me, but at least he won't bore me to death.
You gotta keep Lonnegan's con, even after you spent his money.  And no matter how much you take from his, he'll get more.
This isn't like playin' winos on the street.  You gotta do more than outrun the guy.
You can't do it alone, ya know.  It takes a mob of guys like you and enough money to make 'em look good.
Why?
And a packing company, a chain of Savings and Loans and half the politicians in Chicago and New York. There ain't a fix in the world gonna cool him out if he blows on ya.
You know anything about him?
You didn't act much like you wanted to learn it.
You never do, kid.
Lonnegan after you, too?
You gonna stay for breakfast, or do you already know how to eat?
No, I lammed it around for a while while things cooled off.  Philly, Denver, Baltimore, nuthin' towns.
Luther didn't tell me you had a big mouth.
Aw, I conned a Senator from Florida on a stocks deal.  A real lop-ear. He thought he was gonna take over General Electric.  Some Chantoozie woke him up, though, and he put the feds on me.
I'm sorry about Luther.  He was the best street worker I ever saw.
Glad to meet ya, kid.  You're a real horse's ass.
I can talk, can't I?
Turn the goddamn thing off, will ya.
What's the problem?
If we're lucky, this'll bring him back stronger than ever.
Get a couple extra guys in the line, then.  We'll give him the shut-out.
He's gonna hit ya with 20 grand, Eddie.  How much cash we got?
I also gotta win.
That's why he won't know it.
We'll use the wire.  Never known a gambler who wouldn't like to beat the ponies.
Fancies himself a gambler, huh?
Wonder why he doesn't fly both ways.
How ya doin'?
That's what I like about these guys, J.J... They always got protection against things we'd never do to 'em.
Nice work, J.J.
Yeh, I think so.  I gave the kay- ducer a C-note.  You find out the deck?
We'll give him the hook on the train, and play him here.  You think I can get in that poker game, Eddie?
Everybody'll sit still for somethin'. What did ya find out about the train, Eddie?
A half mill on an eight to one shot. You're dumber than I thought, Lonnegan.
What are the odds on Syphon?
I can't lay that off in time.  We lose a bet that big, it could break us.
Make sure you see cash from this guy, Eddie.  He's got the name for bettin' money he don't have.
Never get enough, huh pal?  I'd think you'd get tired of losin', Honnigan.
What!  Don't give me that crap you little weenie.  How do I know you ain't gonna take a powder.  You come to a game like this, you bring your money.
Raise 5,000.
Raise 1,000.
Raise 300.
Five and call.
See ya and raise three.
Yeh, that'd be real nice of ya, Mr. Lonneman.
