If that's the way you want it.
You'll take a cut of what I make, won't ya?
What the hell you gonna do with yourself?
But you played the Big Con.  You said it was nothin'.  A game for flakes and mama's boys.
Hey look.  You think I'm gonna run out on ya or somethin'?  Just cause we hit it big.  Luther, I owe you everything.  If you hadn't taught me con, I wouldn't know nothin'.
What are you talkin' about?  We just took off the biggest score we've ever had.  We can do anything we want now.
What?
You think my play is bad?
What's eatin' you?  I've blown money before.
I checked the place out.  There weren't no dicks in there.
All of it.
I had some appointments.
Aw Christ, it doesn't make no difference now.  If Snyder knows about it so does everybody else. He never gets anything first...Damn, there's no answer at Luther's.
I did.  That stuff I gave him was counterfeit.  They'll pinch him the first place he tries to spend it.
I don't look any good in clothes and I don't know how to drive. What else ya got to sell, Eirie?
I like griftin'.
There's always a depression on.
You ain't gonna have nothin' if you don't lay off them games of chance. There's a depression on ya know.
We were partners.  If it weren't for Luther I'd still be hustlin' pinball down at Gianelli's.  I don't need anything more than I got.
How do you like that Coleman, huh? After three years.
The bastard.  He can blow his nose all the way.
Which way did he do, Eirie?
Naw, I'd just blow it.
You were right, Henry.  It's not enough... But it's close.
I appreciate your stickin' your neck out.  I wouldn't have asked ya if it weren't for Luther.
Yeh.
Henry.
Then why you doin' it?
How many guys you conned in your life, Henry?
Just a little nervous, that's all.
A couple days; that's all I'm askin'.  I can stay clear that long.
All we need is a couple days, Henry. A couple days and we'll get Lonnegan down and stomp on 'em.
It was too noisy.
Nothin'.  I told ya everything there is.
I thought I'd lost him.
No.
You think he'll show?
Then he drove me home.  He tried to put himself away as legit, so I went right into the pitch.
He threatened to kill me.
I gave him the breakdown just like ya told me to.
No, not a thing.
What do ya mean?
Yeh, it was easy.
How'd ya do?
If we ever get to it.
He's waitin' for you in the card room.
He's not as tough as he'd like to think.
Then you'll do it?
You're sacred of 'em, aren't ya?
I never played for winos.
We'll get by without 'em.
'Cause I don't know enough about killin' to kill him.
I'll take him anyway.
Aw right, he runs the numbers outta the south side.
Yeh, he croaked Luther.  What else do I gotta know.
I wanna play for Lonnegan.
Gondorff, you gonna teach me the Big Con or not?
I don't know.  Haven't seen anybody.
I picked something up on the way.
He didn't tell me you was a fuck- up, either.  You played the Big Con since then.
You mean you blew it.
He had you down as a big-timer. What happened?
Yeh, Luther said you could teach me something.  I already know how to drink.
You sober?
How do I know you're tellin' the truth.
Who are you?
She coulda killed me last night.
My end was only one.
I'll square it with the fixer.
You're crazy.  I'm not stupid enough to play for rackets money.
Aw, find yourself a shoplifter to roll.
Hi there, Snyder.  Things a little slow down at the Bunco Department tonight, eh?  Somebody lose the dominoes?
Think nothin' of it.
All right, I'll give ya a break.  Down that hall there, there's an unmarked door on the left.  Go on in there and wait at the window. I'll take this...  ...in the back and run it through right away.  We'll have you outta there in a couple minutes.
We'll get 'em!  Give us a chance. I'm not the only agent in here, ya know.  We go around advertising ourselves, how many counterfeiters do you think we'd catch, huh?  You think I'm wearin' this rag here 'cause I like it?  Christ, everybody thinks life's a holiday or somethin' when you got a badge.  I been here since three this morning, Charlie, and I never knew there was so much ugliness in people.  You try to help 'em and they spit on you.  I shoulda let ya go and gotten yourself arrested for passin' false notes.
It'll only take 20 minutes or so. You can pick it up at the window down the hall.
Then I'm afraid we'll have to impound your money until we're sure that it's all good.  Can I see your wallet and your ticket, please?
We don't doubt that, but there's a counterfeiting operation passing bad money in the station.  Have you made any purchases here today?
Excuse me, sir.  Treasury Dept... I'd like to ask you a few questions.
You know me.  I'm just like you... It's two in the morning and I don't know nobody.
If I expected somethin', I wouldn't be still standin' out here in the hall.
I don't mean nothin' by it.  I just don't know many regular girls, that's all.
I, ah...thought you might wanna come out for a while.  Maybe have a drink or somethin'.
Yeh, this time anyway.
He'd like to kill me.
Just do what I tell ya and everything'll be jake.
All right, do me a favor.  Go into the bathroom, open the window and wait for me there.
Look, I don't have time to fuck around.  There's somebody out there I don't need to see.  You got a fire escape or anything?
You got a back door to this place?
You doin' anything tonight?
What time you get off work here?
Meat loaf, apple pie and a cup of coffee.
Where you goin'?
Where's June today?
Yeh, I guess I shoulda had the meat loaf.
I thought it might be good for him to see the setup.
Les, I got Mr. Lonnegan with me. He wants to see you a second.
Tomorrow, after 4:00.  Stay inside, I'll come in and get ya.  And be hard on him for a while; he's talking money.
Twist?  I told him the tale.  He wants to see ya.
You sure it'll be one of these two?
Three grand on the black, Jimmy.
I feel lucky tonight.
Naw, just a little hard times, that's all.  It's all over now.
How ya doin', Jimmy.
How am I gonna do that?
Oh, Jesus.
What happened?
He's right, Les.
Had a little fight with a raggle down on 13th.  She got me with her ring.
No.
I gotta talk to me partner first. We can't afford to expose our game too much.
What is this?  That's my money. You tryin' to muscle me?
Not yet, but...  Hey, there's only a grand here.
It's foolproof.  We got a partner downtown runs the central office of the Western Union.  Race results from all over the country come in there and go right across his desk on their way to the bookies.  All he does in hold them up a couple minutes until he can call us and get a bet down on the winner.  Then he releases the results to the bookies and we clean up on a race that's already been run.  It can't miss, unless the Western Union Dicks get onto it.
You stayin' in or not?
'Cause it's better to do it all at once.  We're puttin' down 400 grand next week.  At 5-1 we make 2 million. Twenty per cent of that is yours if ya stick with us.
Lucky, hell.  I could do it every day.
Well, what did I tell ya?
Give 'em a little time.
I am after this race.
This is just a test.  The big one comes later.  Be careful with that though, it's all I got.
Sometime after 1:00 a guy's gonna call here and give you the name of a horse.  All you do is take this two grand across the street to Shaw's place and bet it on that pony.  There's nothin' to it, but don't take too much time.  We only have 3 or 4 minutes after you get the call.
I was afraid you weren't gonna come. We haven't got much time.
660 Marshall Street.  Tomorrow at 12:30, if you're interested.
Maybe a couple million.
If you help me out, I'll pay ya back the money you owe Shaw, myself.
All you gotta do is place a bet for me at Shaw's place.  I'll supply all the money and the information.
I need somebody respectable...but not completely legit.  What I'm gonna do isn't very legal.
Naw, he picked up some jane in the bar.  Can't see him till morning anyway.
Cause I'm tired of bein' his nigger.  I want you to help me break him.
So could Shaw.
You were set up, Lonnegan.  Shaw's been planning to beat your game for months.  He was just waiting for you to cheat him so he could clip ya.
He hired a dame to take it from ya.
Yeh, he knows that.
He cheats.
Just as long as I get to finish the play.
I mean completely played.  Until he's beat and the score is taken. You come in before we beat him and I'll kill him.  You'll have a tough time explaining that, won't ya.
Will you wait until the chump is played?
I'll make parole.
No.
You got nothin' on me.
Lt. Snyder doesn't know shit.
Don't think I know him.
No.
