Baines is packing up?
How are the lessons going? ADA nods enthusiastically. He's getting on all right? ADA nods again Good.
And with time she will, I'm sure, become affectionate.
There is something to be said for silence
No, it was a table.
I knew she was mute, but now I'm thinking it's more than that. I'm wondering if she's not brain affected.
It's strange isn't it? I mean it's not a piano, it doesn't make any sound.
What would you think if someone played a kitchen table like it were a piano?
No, but her words are in my head.  I know what you think, that it's a trick, that I'm making it up. No, the words I heard, were her words.
She has spoken to me. I heard her voice. There was no sound, but I beard it here . Her voice was there in my head. I watched her lips, they did not make the words, yet the harder I listened the clearer I heard her, as clear as I hear you, as dear as I hear my own voice.
No, words. You have never heard words?
Has Ada ever spoken to you?
Well, thank you, I expect she will appreciate it.
Well, I doubt I want it very much myself.
And what does this do to our bargain? I cannot afford the piano if you mean me to pay.
You don't want to learn.
I don't think you should have given up the piano. I will make sure you are properly taught, with music written on to sheets and...
I'll have to come and hear you play. what do you play.
Ada says you're doing well with the piano?
T-w~e-l-v~e.
Yes, I suppose you would.
Well Baines the music lover, I never would have known. Hidden talents George.
You'd have to organise it up here.
The piano on the beach? Ada's piano?
What for?
Good, flatish land with reliable water, why? I don't have money. What are you about?
On your property?
They want more money. They are trying to make two days out of it?
But we came down this way didn't we? I'm sure we did.
What's he say?
She's stunted, that's one thing.
Take this to Baines. Tell him if he ever tries to see her again I'll take off another and another and another!
Play a song then
Play a gig.
Is it all right? Aren't you going to play something? ADA pulls up a chair and seats herself at the piano. She rubs her hands and places them lightly on the keys, she turns from habit over her left shoulder where STEWART waits crossed armed. Quickly she removes her hands, stands and gestures FLORA to play. FLORA proudly takes ~p the seat, she pulls her lips in trying to control her happiness to say in front of both her mother and STEWART.
Hah, you're very cunning Ada, but I've seen through you, I'm not going to lose the land this way. Wait here!
And when is the next lesson?
You've missed this bit.
He wants to improve himself... and you will be able to play on it ...  Teach him to look after it.
What does she say?
On your piano, that is the swap.
Hello, then.
Let us not discuss this further. I am very pleased....
Yes and so do I, but there are too few of us here to carry it. TOO - HEAVY
Oh no, it can't come now.
A piano?
What's in here then, lead?
