Be careful with it.
Intelligence may not be the right word...
Why stop with just one aspect of marine life?  Why not incorporate the best genetic components the ocean has to offer?...
Some say that's why we're basically hairless, for less water resistance, faster swimming speeds...
It was when it counted a couple of million years ago when the seas came in and drove us into the water.  Most homo sapiens didn't make it...Danakil man... <u>adapted</u>.
Danakil man?...one of our ancestors.  Named for the Danakil Alps in Ethiopia.
No.  I think they isolated him in genetic engineering. Homo aquaticus...
It could be a million things, something in the air, food....  But he went on that ship and so did Williams...  I want to examine the crew.
And they didn't believe the symptoms I described...
I don't know.  I've been back and forth with Narragansett Naval all day, consulting with the best people in maritime medicine, the best people in viruses...
For this...you don't need to be.
Here.  Put this on.  You examine him.
He did.
Pretty good imitation of a hangover and I ought to know.
These observers were doing something. A test...I think they sank that ship on purpose to cover up their mistakes.
You mind if I take a look at this?
Well, I'll be on the golf course in the morning.  Then, if I don't have any babies to deliver--
Take it off and let me have a look.
Still bothering you?
It...almost got you.
...and a Russian grandmother...
Russian, French, Italian, Spanish, Greek, German, a little Hindu, some Serbo Croat and a smattering of Swahili...standard pre-med background...
Russian.
I don't know.  I'm guessing.
...It has many traits of deep sea marine life...regeneration, scales, gills, even a period of dormancy...  but the fact that it remembered where the plasma was stored, or where the communication wiring was, may imply that it has some other quality...
The monster appears to be a genetic aberration...
It would explain the suction- like appendages.
It's had a meal.
I'm going to try to remove it.
We've got to get him to the infirmary.
We're simply concerned about her...proximity to...
The infirmary?...
Two hundred meters.
