You sure you don't know nothing about this?
Well, I guess I'll be seeing you.
Then I'd say you're a lucky fellow.
The passionate one?
I'd say you're moving.
What's with the boxes?
That's a nasty scratch on your neck.
Just give me a straight answer, Walter, cause the irony goes right over my head.
He I.D.'d the assailant. The description matches you pretty well.
I could take you downtown.
The assault took place at approximately seven thirty.
I didn't say what time the assault occurred.
A man was badly beaten across the street. You know anything about that?
I'll be asking the questions.  Last night, you hear anything unusual? Screams? Shouts?
You don't know?
What?
That's it. Little Red Riding Hood jumps out of the wolf's guts with hardly a scratch.  Ever see a seven-year-old girl sodomized almost in half?
Sure you do. He cuts open the wolf's stomach, and the girl steps out alive.
The one with the ax?
Neither do I.  What's the one with the woodsman?
Do you believe in them?
This one guy on death row, who I'll call Henry, told me about his last victim. Henry says how he's in the bedroom of a seven-year-old cutie named Adele. Her mother's in the living room watching TV. She's got the volume on so damn high he can hear David Letterman's jokes. Henry puts his hand over Adele's mouth and says, "If you scream, little girl, I'll kill your mother." And of course little Adele doesn't scream, doesn't cry, doesn't make a sound. Then he takes her hand and out they go through the front door.  Ten days later they find Adele's body. Or what's left of it.  You believe in fairy tales?
You walked home.
Don't be witty.  Yesterday you took the number twelve bus from work, but instead of getting off at your normal stop, for some reason you stayed on. Why did you stay on the bus, Walter?
Sure they do. But outside they've got trees around them. The trees shade them from the sun. Of course, the plants enrich the soil around the trees. One of nature's symbiotic relationships.
Your ivy. Too much direct sunlight. These plants don't like a lot of sun.
Too much sun.
Okay?
Like a piece of shit? In my eyes, you are a piece of shit. Think anyone would miss you if I threw you out the window right now? I could say you jumped when I came in. Who are they going to believe? Not you, because you'd be a dead piece of shit.
And when you sit by the window, watching the girls in the little cotton skirts parade by, do you wave your wanger at the girls? Is that when you jerk off?
Who said I wanted to buy it?
Unusual design for a contemporary piece.
Cherry?
I could get a search warrant.
Got something to hide?
Then you won't mind if I look around.
I think you do.
You don't know?
Have a seat.
Hiya, Walter.
