Dinner?  Again?
Yeah, speak for yourself.
-- But he does seem very nice.
...I don't know, Daddy seems funny to me.  Ever since Joe showed.  It's like he dropped from the clouds...
...We're never all together two nights in a row.  Maybe Christmas, Thanksgiving, that's it.  What's going on?
And isn't it a lovely one?  So sturdy, so straight --
You ate?
I'm Allison, you're 'honey'.
Did he?  That's more than we get to do.
He's cute.
Love that name.
Daddy!  Come on, a name.
His wife?
Did you speak to the Governor?
Yes, it is.
But that's what you were thinking. And that's okay.  Because I know you love me.  Not like it is with Susan, the way your eyes light up when she comes in the room and the way she always gets a laugh out of you, as opposed to me when I walk in a room and that look comes over your face, "What does she want now?"
That you've been to Susan?
They respect you.  Isn't that a kind of love?
I do it because I love you.  Because everybody I loved you.  Mommy -- wher- ever she is -- Susan, Quince, the people who work for you, everybody who's ever known you.
-- Plus we've got a baritone with a balalaika coming from The Russian Tea Room.  I've dressed him in a Cossack shirt and he'll sing Nelson Eddy songs.
The fountain is the Caspian Sea and the Sea is serving up caviar.  The 'B's for Beluga, the 'P' for Petrossian.  Of course, they also stand for 'Bill' and for 'Parrish'.
Hi, Daddy, what do you think?
'Goddam party'!
It's for the party, Dad --
From La Rosette, only the greatest pastry chef in America.  This is orange, from real Seville oranges.  Lemon, on a mille-feuille crust, a little on the fanciful. And a while, nothing like a good old white cake, vanilla, with Angel food but some maroons shavings thrown in.
Annie made them.
That's okay, Daddy.
You know, we're going to give this party for you whether you like it or not.
Whatever it was, they'll be here. We sent out invitations to everyone, plane tickets included -- the RSVP's are amazing.  A few of them we didn't hear from, and some of them are dead, of course --
From the Korean War.
Did you know twenty-six members of your rifle company are coming?
Now, I'm getting interested.  I want to know more ---
Whew, at last.  Nice to meet you, Mr. Black.
Daddy.  Does your friend have a name?
Good.  Songs.  What songs should Sidney -- Pancho and his six men we can forget about -- what songs do you think he should play?
And you could care less --
I lay awake nights in a cold sweat, I want this party to be like some- thing Mom would have made for you, I want it to be perfect --
No.
Calm down, Daddy, you'll see, you're going to love it.
But it's your birthday.
Fireworks.  Update -- we're con- structing the number '65' on the barge, archers from the State College at New Paltz will shoot flaming arrows at it, when it catches fire it will give us the effect of a Viking funeral with none of the morbidity... The Hudson River Authority says, for you, they'll make a special dispensation - of course there'll be an overtime bill for the Poughkeepsie Fire Dept...
Have you got a minute?
Daddy!
What will I tell Annie?
Yeah, but --
Honey --!
Paillarde of veal.
Please don't be negative, Drew, we have an acceptance list that would do The White House proud -- The Secretary-General of the UN, the Chairman of the FCC, nine Senators, I don't know how many Congressmen, and at least twelve of the Fortune '500'.
What about the Mayor?
Remember everybody, tonight, dinner in the city at Daddy's.  You too, Drew.  We've still got some loose ends --
Honey, please.
