Well, maybe next time Joe goes, he'll take us along.
Very.
That was 'Joe'.
Just plain 'Joe'?
Yeah, Bill, the suspense is killing me.
Unfortunately.  I sat between them at the Bronx Zoo benefit -- it was better than Seconal.
He's coming.
So I guess a blowjob's out of the question?
Oh, you're the great Joe's attorney now?  Are we going to go to court? Or are we going to go to bed?  And I don't mean you and me.  I mean you and him.
Yeah.  Goodnight.
No, not okay.  I thought we had a good thing going here.  It shows you never know.
That may be.  But I don't like the fucker.  I don't like the way he looks at you and talks to you.  And vice versa.
Daddy'll do fine.  Besides, he's got Joe.  And so do you.
Include me out.  I've had enough of the conversations.
-- Did I hear 'business'?
Hello, Beautiful.
Bontecou wants a speedier response than that.
Thank you for coming.
Am I not obligated to?
Bill's birthday is the day after tomorrow.  There is a provisory by- law in our charter.  Per the discre- tion of the Board, Corporate off- icers can be retired at age sixty- five.
The dagger --?
I'm not stepping anywhere --
So tell me, tell me, I'm peeing in my pants.
Not good, not bad, you know what we got?  Nothing.  No credit, no cars, no mortgages -- no wives.  Nothing.
I'll make a note of it.  Anything else?
Is this a state secret or are we being excluded just for the fun of it?
Who are we talking about?
Well, I'm going to tell you anyway. I did cheat on that exam at Groton. But so did twenty-six other guys, and nobody ever mentioned it until today.  And I'm expecting you won't mention it again.  I don't know who you are and where you're getting your information, but I'm willing to pretend I did not hear it, and let bygones be bygones.  But can I tell you something else, it'd be nice to see the big guy without you next to him.  What are you, his shadow?  Do you hold his dick for him when he goes to take a leak?  You know some- times somebody would like a few min- utes alone with W.P.  That means without you.  Okay, pal?  Let's eat.
May I interrupting?
It doesn't matter.
It's just a saying, Mr. Black,
Yes.
Yes.
And a glass.
Hot or cold.
Anything else, Mr. Black?  How about some water?
The Board of Parrish Communications - is hereby called to order.  Our sole order of business is an acceptance of John Bontecou's generous offer and --
Nice to see you.  I didn't expect you, but certainly you can't get enough of a good thing.
'Here'?
Incidentally, Joe, where're you staying?
Joe sounds like a ringer, Bill.  I have the feeling you guys got the broad strokes already.  Need any help with the details?
What side of the industry did you say you were on?
You're talking through your hat. You're offering a deal because you've got no proof.
And what do I get?
I think I'd like to talk to my lawyer --
Is this Mr. Black's fantasy?  Another one of his whoppers?  Aren't you sick of this asshole lurking around? No one knows who he is, but one thing everyone does know, he somehow got your ear and has been pouring poison into it ever since.
I don't know where you get that idea -- the Board agreed --
Mandatory retirement upon our Chairman's sixty-fifth birthday.
But who is he?  What are his creden- tials?  What is his relationship to you?
Certainly, Bill.
So I am to understand from your re- sponse that you do not want to hear the details of Bontecou's offer?
Don't you want to hear the details?
Bontecou wants a quick response and --
Did you want to have a cup of coffee or something, Bill?
Certainly.  Goodnight.
I'm just giving you the truth.  There was a time when William Parrish liked the truth.
Yours.
With all due respect, you damn well better care because if you try to stonewall them again, there'll be blood on the floor.
What do you think the Board is going to say when I tell them that?
If I read this Board right now, they want you to accept Bontecou's offer.
Yes, you made your feeling abun- dantly clear.  Now they want to do the same with theirs.
Sure.
I have to go, Bill -- it's been a helluva day.  Need a few minutes to sort everything out.
Mind if I throw up?
For how long?  And why?
As much as Joe's?
I thought this was practically a done deal --
I was hired, you told me, to help bring Parrish Communications into the 21st Century.  This merger is the vehicle --
How nice for you both.
Before I do --  I was hoping we might be alone, Bill.
'Just kidding'?
But the matter's still on the table, Bill --
Glad I could be of some help.
You're not familiar with the phrase, "In this world, nothing is certain but Death and Taxes"?
That's your privilege, Bill.  But given our needs, given the absolute necessity for growth, given the fu- ture, the truth is... joining John Bontecou is every bit as certain as - Death and Taxes.
...Sounds like you're not leaving much room for discussion.
I get the feeling you've done some business before.
Have we met?
Like 'Smith' or 'Jones --'
Is there any more to it?
'Joe...'
What?!
Yeah, something he goes by --
Olympic.
So... Board convenes tomorrow, you'll recommend, we close and it's a deal, right?
You have a way with words.
I thought it was great, I thought you and Big John would be like a couple of bulls in a china shop --  Instead it was --
I'm all excited --
That's great!  Wait 'til I show it to Bontecou.
Bill, after this deal, you'll be able to afford one.
It's going to be great --
...Tomorrow we sign off -- photo opportunity, you and Big John, it'll lead network news.  Okay so far?
Why yes, Bill, I was saying to Quince --
I was saying to Quince we won't need --
'Yes' to the deal?
What'd it say?
A voice?
Well, it's a big day.  Wanted to line up a few ducks before kickoff. Any thoughts?  Last minute refine- ments or variations?
Yeah, the short, gray hairs.
He said that?
This is damn big of Bill, I also think it's smart.
Go right ahead.  Tell William Parrish how you betrayed him at a secret Board meeting.  And tell Allison how you got her father fired -- and he lost his company.
The train's left the station, pal, and you're aboard.  Would you like to hear the silver lining?  Check that, gold.  I've been working with John Bontecou all along.  We had a game plan -- acquire Parrish Communications then break it apart and peddle it piece-by-piece to the highest bidder.  I set it up for him, he smacks it out of the park.
Quince, you can't unscramble scrambled eggs.
That we did.  Thanks to you.  He was wobbling, mind you, but you spplied the coup de grace.
'It's up to Joe'?
-- But he was concerned about the timing?
How did Bill react to the leads you've developed?
You're on, Quin-cee.  Destination Hospital.  Joe, you'll be the Tour Guide.  Okay?  How's that sound to you?
Yeah.  Neat.
Well, that's very interesting.
'It's up to Joe', huh?
'It's up to Joe'?  Those were his words?
Are you?
Thanks, Quince.
Joe, you do get around.
You're overthinking it --
Quince, m'man, thanks for the offer, but it's all set for just me and Bill. More people might --
