You know, darling, this is going to be a wonderful party.
I wasn't going to say --
I haven't been the father to you that --
Yeah?  And what about my enemies?
Do they, m'dear?
It's starting to grow on me.  But what do the 'B' and 'P' mean?
Oh, the goddam party --
I don't like cake.
Who's Annie?
What is this?
I like it.  I like it.  I'm sorry I don't seem more appreciative.
Of course.
Conflict, honey.  Korean Conflict.
Who?
We've got some things to discuss.
-- Black.
A name?
Oh, you couldn't be more wrong, sweetheart.  I can' tell you how much I appreciate it and how I'm looking forward to it.
I know you do, darling.
What, honey?
Isn't it enough to be on this earth sixty-five years without having to be reminded of it.
I hate parties --
Allison, I trust you.  This is your thing.
Not much more.  Big day in the big city.  What's on your mind?
Hi, Allison --
I thought you were buying my company.
I'm sorry, I don't recall --
Good, good.  Glad to hear it.
Proof?  We've got plenty of proof.
You get not to go to jail.
No lawyers, Drew.  We're going to offer you a deal.
The Board didn't know you're a mole who burrowed inside so you could bury us all.
In English, please.
I've already introduced Mr. Black to you all.
Are you running this Board or am I?
Yes, you are to understand that, and now may I ask you a question?
I'm not interested in the details. And I'm not interested in the big picture either.  What I am inter- ersted in is how my Board got conven- ed behind my back, is entertaining a further proposal from a man whom it offends me to do business with, moreover has the audacity to present this to me like a prize fish, and I am expected to clap for it like a performing seal.  No, thank you.
The answer is no, quick enough for you?
That's it?
I don't think so.  Do you?
I think it's time you went home, Drew.
I'm feeling real uncomfortable right now because the guy who reports to me is threatening me.
Whose?
I don't care.
Over my dead body.
What are their feelings?
What is there to say?  They know what John Bontecou is -- and if they didn't, they know now.
Okay, we'll see you tomorrow.
Please, Drew.
Please.  Don't worry about him.  And above all, don't antagonize him.
You're competitive soul, Drew. That's what makes you a great addi- tion to the money.  Joe is just... around.
I was a little abrupt with you this afternoon, Drew.  Forgive me.  I want you to know I value your advice.
Well now it's undone, okay?  Forget Bontecou!  Scrub him!  I'm tired of his fancy name and his fancy offer. I'm not going for it.
Joe, cut it out.  And you too, Drew.
Why?
Joe and I have no secrets from each other.
Sit down, Drew.
No.
Shall we adjourn?
I am now.
Sorry.  I know it looks like I'm reversing my field.
No --
Uh -- he's from out of town --
What do you mean?
Yes.
Sorry...um - you - you know it's gone right out of my head --
Oh, excuse me.  This is -- uh -- this is --
As close as a deal could be.
Like a marriage made in heaven?
Me, too.
Our first annual report, must be thirty-five years ago now, I owned two stations, I wrote down a state- ment of purpose, that one day you would wake up to a Parrish radio station, read a Parrish paper at breakfast, catch our news on tele- vision during the day, and go to bed with one of our books or magazines and you would always be told the truth and in the bargain, have a good time.
Do you think I need a haircut?
Sounds good.
No no, not you.
Did you just hear something?
Maybe, who knows?  You know how voices are.  Let's go.
'Yes'.
In my sleep.
'Thoughts'?  Not a one -- but I did hear a voice last night.
Good morning, Drew.  Thanks for coming out.
What?
Good morning, Jennifer.
Jennifer.
-- And call my family, I'd like them to come over for dinner tonight.
No.  Nothing.
Sure.
Hi, Jennifer.
That's life.  What can I tell you?
I guess you have your reasons.
Thank you.
An offense --
Moreover, Agent Joe Black here -- of course that's not his real name -- smelled out your involvement, Drew.  He developed evidence you were working both sides of the fence.  Unfortunately, that's known as a conflict of interest --
The Treasury Department asked my cooperation in his undercover investigation of John Bontecou. They were convinced that Bontecou, on past deals, had structured his mergers and acquisitions in sus- picious and complicated ways so as to evade paying the taxes he is liable for.  The IRS wanted to go after him, and this deal offered them the opportunity.  I agreed to cooperate.
-- An IRS man.
He is --
I told you to shut up.
It's not necessary, Joe.  Drew's going to step aside --
Joe, don't do this --
Get him in here.
I certainly hope so -- I loved Susan from the moment she was born, and I love her now, and every minute in between, and what I dream of is a man who will discover her and she will discover a man who will love her, who is worthy of her, who is of this world, of this time and has the grace and compassion and fortitude to walk beside her as she makes her way through this beautiful thing called life.
I don't expect you to.
Does she know where she's going?
With you?!  Who is 'you'?  Did you tell her who you are?
Well, they're mine now.
Multiply it by infinity and take it to the death of forever and you will still have barely a glimpse of what I am talking about.
Trust, responsibility, taking the weight, for your choices and feel- ings and spending the rest of your life living up to them.  And above all, not hurting the object of your love.
Some aimless infatuation in which, for the moment, you feel like in- dulging.  It's missing everything that matters.
How perfect for you -- to take whatever you want because it pleases you.  It's not love --
Susan is my daughter, she has a wonderful life ahead of her and you're going to deprive her of it and you're telling me you're sorry?  Well, I'm sorry, apology not accepted.
You're not taking Susan anywhere. And what the hell does that mean anyway?
You're what?
Say again?
You 'want to know', I'll tell you. You're looking at a man who tonight is not about to walk through the Valley of the Shadow of Death, he's galloping into it.  And the same time, the business he built with his own hands and his own head is being commandeered by a couple of cheap pirates.  And, oh yes, I almost forgot, my daughter's fallen in love with Death.
What the hell do you care?
Thanks.
Yeah.
What are you saying, that it's time to go?
Yes?
Cut the 'Bill' crap out -- you sonofabitch.
And I don't give a shit.
Any universe that exists or ever existed.  You may be the pro, Joe. But I know who you are.  And you're all fucked up.
You're violating the laws of the universe.
Yes, and stop repeating everything I say, and turning it into a question. Spooning, fooling around, God knows what.  You arrive on the scene -- why you picked me, I still don't under- stand --
Well, you goddam well should.  You walk into my life, give me the worst news a guy can get, have me dancing on the heads of pins with my busi- ness and with my family, and now you're spooning with my daughter.
I'm her father!
Well, you're at the wrong place at the wrong time with the wrong woman.
I couldn't sleep.
Then I can't help you.
Never mind.  I'm tired.  I'm going to take a nap.
What 'okay' is, it's 'okay' it's over.  We've got bigger fish to fry, don't we, Joe?
Just a manner of speaking.
That's okay.
Okay.  Goodnight.
Hello.  Would you like to join me, Quince and Allison for a nightcap?
How about you telling me?  When I ask a simple question, I expect a straight answer.  That's what I'm used to.  Anybody who doesn't give it to me, I fire.
What way would you put it?
About Susan?
You were just curious?
Why did you go to the hospital?
And I don't need your goddamn permis- sion either!  You!  Drew!  I don't need anyone to tell me how to run my life.
I don't want anybody buying up my life's work and turning it into something it wasn't meant to be.  A man wants to leave something behind. And he wants it left behind the way he made it.  And he wants it to be run the way he run it -- with a sense of honor, of dedication, of truth. Okay?
Dinner?  Absolutely.
I thought you'd heard a trillion times --
Why didn't you stop me?
Cold lamb sandwiches -- not as chewy as roast beef, not as boring as chicken.  She knew stuff like that.
Glad you like it.  My wife turned me onto cold lamb sandwiches.  Joan -- that was my wife --
Cold lamb sandwich with cilantro.  A little Coleman's mustard.
It's all yours.
Jennifer, give Mr. Black a map of the city.
Now I'd like to be alone.
Joe, could I ask you to take a walk? Buy a tie or something.  I know I'll be seeing you.
Yes, I am.  There's a research lib- rary on the fourth floor.  Why don't you go down and read some magazines?
...I'd like to be alone for a while.
-- What's the deal here?  Are you going to be breathing down my neck right 'til the very end?
Would you like to sit down, Joe?
What I'm trying to say is this is a Board meeting and you are not a mem- ber of the Board.
Perhaps you would like to wait in my office --?
Yes.
What's it like where I'm going?
What's it like?
I want to live.
I'm not everybody.
-- I don't deserve this.  I'm still young, this is not my time --
There's one to every rule.
How about giving a guy a break?
Joe --?
Of course.
I guess so.
What do you mean?
Yes?
You give your word, I give mine -- that we'll do what we say.  It's a truth exchanged between two people.
It is a deal?
And I won't tell anyone who you are.
Um -- well, I didn't sleep too well. This is crazy.  This is the left- field thing of all time.  What do I do?  What do I tell my family?
How are you?  How're you feeling?
Good morning.
And - uh - I  guess, 'goodnight'.
Well, thank you for letting me know.
Closer than that.
No --
...I just saw my doctor, he told me everything was fine.
When you go, I go.
How long have I got?
If there is anything else, don't hesitate --
Thank you.  Would you like the man's name?
I wish you had said something to me about staying here --
So there's nothing between you and Susan?
Shook me up.  I mean that you knew her and everything --
...I'm sorry, I'm a little discon- certed, that stuff between you and Susan -- uh -- threw me.
Joe, that's the kitchen.
Joe knows what you're saying, just being polite --
When I introduce you, if I say who you are, I don't think anyone will stay for dinner.
It just occurred to me --
Excuse me?  Could I say something?
This is crazy -- you're not going to eat dinner with us.
And then --?
I do?  How long will you be staying?
You want me to be your guide --?
You're not Death.  You're just a kid in a jacket and a pair of pants.
Death!
You are --?
You're coming to 'take me'.  What is that?  Who the hell are you?
Am I dreaming this?  Are you a dream?
The 'question' --
What question?
Yes what?
I'm sorry --
What the hell are you talking about?
Get what?
'The one' to do what?
'Take me'...?  Where?
About what?
What the hell is this?  Who are you?
What is this, a joke, right?  Some kind of elaborate practical joke? At my 40th reunion, we delivered a casket to the Class president's hotel room and --
Where are you?
Know what?  Know what, goddammit!
What do you mean?!
Please.  Talk to me --
Where are you?  Are you there?
I'm sorry, I --
What are you talking about?
I don't!
I didn't ask any question.
'Yes' what?
What?
Quince, I've got confidence in you.
All in all, what Bill wants to do is build the golden bridge to Drew with no hard feelings.
Yes, I believe I do.
Sure.
It's okay, Quince.  I understand. You've always meant well and I appreciate that.  Sometimes things just turn out -- wrong.
This one.
Yeah, I give a shit.
No thank you, Quince.  I'm sorry, honey.  I'm no good at this.  Why don't you choose whatever cake you like?
No, anything is possible.  It's up to Joe.
Next week?
Thank you, Quince.
How's that, Quince?
I'm doing great.  You ready?
Good morning, Quince.
Well, thank you, that's great, but it's more than I bargained for.  I just wanted to set the record straight.
I appreciate this, Eddie, members of the Board, this will just take a minute of your time.  As the custo- dians of the company, you may re- ceive information from what follows that is valuable to you --  -- or not.  Either way, thanks.
Okay, Eddie -- anyway, thanks for the memory.
If you're trying to show me lay- down-in-front-of-the-bus loyalty, forget it.
Eddie, hold out all the hope you want but, I promise you, it's hope- less, it's over.  Come on up, let's get drunk, if I had your shoulder to lean on I might actually enjoy this --
Fine, fine.  Big doing up here.  Why are you still down here?
Eddie?
Yes, the big 'celebration' of my mandatory retirement birthday. You're an honored guest, Eddie.
Please, Eddie, no 'Fat Lady Sings" shit.
Well said, Eddie.  Mr. Black, shall we?
What was that?
If you don't mind dancing with an old fogey like me.
I'm still here.  Would you like to dance with me, Susan?
That's why it's okay.
No -- I love you so much and I want you to promise me something.  I don't want you to ever worry about me.  If anything should happen, I'm going to be fine and everything's going to be all right.  -- And I have no regrets.
I want you to know how much I love you.  That you've given a meaning to my life that I had no right to expect, and that no one can ever take from me.
Yes, but --
I'm sorry.
I'm having a helluva time.
I don't care if you love him!  I'm telling you he's no good for you!
In this case, I can't.  I - uh -- I just can't help you.  I only would tell you -- that with Joe, you are on very, very dangerous ground.
I don't know, I can't say --
Susan, I don't think Joe is going to be with us long.
You don't know anything about Joe --
This is crazy --
I don't understand.
I don't know.
Joe?
Then what is it?
Nothing.
I don't think this is the lightning you are looking for.  Drew's a good man.  I know I didn't seem to be completely in his corner before, but I've come to appreciate --
I won't say you may be getting onto shaken ground --
What is the nature of your interest in Joe?
Do you mind if I raise a little caution flag?
That was wonderful.
Will it?...
Cut it out, Susan.  You and I've got to talk.  Big day tomorrow, everybody.  Joe, let's go.
Uh - will that hold you, Joe?
What?!
You know each other?
Yer damn right.
A-Okay.  Got my gloves on, my ears pricked.  I'm ready for action.
Nothing.
Nothing.  I'm sorry.
He doesn't care.  But thanks anyway.
I know.  But I'm the only father you've got.
You won't tell him, and even if you did, he'd clock it and punch it into his laptop in order to pull out some key phrases when he gives the Commencement Speech at Wharton.
Stay open.  Who knows?  Lightning could strike.
Aw, you're tough.
I know it's a cornball thing but love is passion, obsession, someone you can't live without.  If you don't start with that, what are you going to end up with?  I say fall head over heels.  Find someone you can love like crazy and who'll love you the same way back.  And how do you find him?  Forget your head and listen to your heart.  I'm not hearing any heart.  Run the risk, if you get hurt, you'll come back.  Because, the truth is there is no sense living your life without this.  To make the journey and not fall deeply in love -- well, you haven't lived a life at all. You have to try.  Because if you haven't tried, you haven't lived.
Be deliriously happy.  Or at least leave yourself open to be.
Well, it worries me.  I want you to get swept away.  I want you to levitate.  I want you to sing with rapture and dance like a dervish.
Oh yes, I am.  Not an ounce of excitement, not a whisper of a thrill, this relationship has all the passion of a pair of titmice.
That's for me.  I'm talking about you.  It's not so much what you say about Drew, it's what you don't say.
Listen, I'm crazy about the guy -- He's smart, he's aggressive, he could carry Parrish Communications into the 21st century and me along with it.
Well, I wasn't going to say that --
Susan, you're a hell of a woman. You've got a great career, you're beautiful --
Don't get carried away.
Forget about me and Mom -- are you going to marry him?
Do you love Drew?
I know it's none of my business --
I am.  With you.
Thank God.  Now could we go?  Let's get this day started.
Not my birthday again?
I don't like to interfere.
You like him, don't you?
Does Drew tell you everything?
How did you know?
Drew's aboard?
Hi, honey.
