But what?
You know what I'm saying, Joe?
Yeah, they hit the calf over the head with a mallet and then Luisa hits it again in the kitchen.
No jocks?  A twenty-game winner or a Masters champion?  Someone I could talk to.  Or would talk to me.
He said he would be there with bells on.
Okay.  All aboard - New York, New York!
Both.
Okay, give me a bottle of wine.
9:30's almost 10:30.  Where I come from, the sun's over the yardarm, m'boy, and the cocktail lamp is lit.
What do you do that for?
And that?
...This shit's not bad.
Well, you've got him by the short- hairs.
He had no choice.  You're a formidable adversary.
I don't want to get rich this way -- I'm going to expose you.
But I didn't mean to do it!
I'm going to put a stop to this!
What have you done?  You've gotten the old man fired!
That's what he said.
The timing -- yes.  He says it's up to Joe.
He was interested.
Well, I'm happy to tell you I've got good news.  As I was telling Drew, I've been making a little hay while the Bontecou sun was shining -- two, possibly three new and boiling hot prospects for merger.
I'd like to come, too.  See Susan strut her stuff.
I thought so, too.  Joe's a neat guy.
Yeah, that's what he said.
Yeah.
We'll do it together.  I'll clue you in.  Timing's got to be right.  The old man says it's up to Joe.
Never mind Bontecou.  I've got some other merger possibilities up my sleeve, and I'm putting them to see old man.
...I know you're down, but you know when you're down, Drew, there's no place to go but up.
Well, I guess he's found one.
I don't think they're ordinary.  I love keychains.
I know.  Gum up the works.
Hey, this is it, the hour approach- es, I'm getting all excited.  So what do you think, is it --  -- just the 'Executive Committee' or could you guys use me?
Do you think I should wait to tell him 'till after the party?
You think so?  How do you know?
What would you say if you knew it was me who brought down Bill Parrish?  I told Drew and the Board that Bill depended on you.  Drew led me on, but I had no business telling him in the first place.  He was setting up Bill from day one.  Drew and Bontecou are going to chop up the company and sell it off for parts. Bontecou was outside, Drew was Mr. Inside.  And I was the fool who made it all happen.  Oh God, what do I do?
Free to love each other.  Com- pletely.  Totally.  No fear.
Yeah, it's like you know every inch of each other's souls -- and then you're free.
Because there's nothing we don't know about each other and it's okay. I mean the deeper, darkest secrets -- they don't matter.
I was a world-class loser and she was a happy, little rich girl -- and for some reason she took me in.
Oh yes, I do.
'Love'?  Oh, man, I've got troubles of my own.
Confused, huh?  About what?
C'mon, have a drink.  You look like you need one bad as me.
Thanks.
You're an original, Joe.  A little hard to figure, maybe...
I didn't know that.
No problem.  I'll leave you two alone.  I can tell you guys have something on the fire --
Don't bother asking, we already tried.
Hey, this is fun.
How long you here, Joe?
You bet.  I'm king of my Rotisserie League.
'Joe Black'.  Won fifteen and lost two for the Brooklyn Dodgers in 1952.
Sir, I'll deliver the package.
You think Drew will go for it?
Joe knew the whole story.  I told him.  It was his idea that I come clean.  I mean I wanted to come clean but he gave me a pair of balls, you know what I mean?
Come in, Joe -- I want to thank you -- okay, Bill?
...what can I say after I say that I'm sorry?  I zipped when I should've zagged, I opened my big mouth one too many times, everything got all twisted --
The vodka.  What'd I tell you?
See.  There.  What'd I tell you?
But he does give a shit.  Don't you, Bill?
This is great, honey.  The orange. Has it got a little vodka in it? Like that Finnish stuff, orange vodka --  Put your lips around this one, Bill. It's out of this world.
Joe, you don't know how glad I am you're aboard.  Anybody who can take some of the weight off the old man, I'm in his corner.
Yeah.  Or the week after.
But I've got to tell you, if mergers are in the wild, I've got some great prospects I've developed.  I want to talk to you about them next week.
...I read you all the way on the Bontecou thing, and I know where you're coming from.  And I'm with you a hundred and one percent.
Bontecou Day.  Going to close with Big John -- Look at you, Bill, all cool as a cat and over at Bontecou's, I'll bet he's shitting in his pants.
I am, this is it.  B Day.
How're you doing--?
Hi, Bill --
